

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-15-091165
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141228
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150313
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150313
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COCA COLA BOTTLING CO CONSOLIDATED /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000317540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BOTTLED & CANNED SOFT DRINKS CARBONATED WATERS [2086]
		IRS NUMBER:				560950585
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-09286
		FILM NUMBER:		15699389
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4100 COCA COLA PLZ
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7045514400
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4100 COCA COLA PLZ
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28211












 
Washington


&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT
OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 
 


 


















4100 Coca-Cola Plaza
 Charlotte
 North Carolina 28211


 including
area code) 











Common Stock
 $1.00 Par Value



Indicate by
check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer


to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90


 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in
definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. &nbsp;&nbsp;
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 












&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&nbsp;&nbsp;



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Non-accelerated&nbsp;filer&nbsp;&nbsp;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Smaller&nbsp;reporting&nbsp;company&nbsp;&nbsp;









Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange


 or the average bid and asked
price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 










June&nbsp;27
 2014


Common Stock
 $l.00 Par Value


347
312
260


Class B Common Stock
 $l.00 Par Value








No market exists for the shares of Class B Common Stock
 which is neither registered under Section&nbsp;12 of the Act nor subject to Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act. The
Class B Common Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a share-for-share basis at the option of the holder. 
Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&#146;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date.











February&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2015


Common Stock
 $1.00 Par Value


7
141
447


Class B Common Stock
 $1.00 Par Value


2
129
862











Portions of Proxy Statement to be filed pursuant to Section 14 of the Exchange Act with respect to the 2015 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders


Part&nbsp;III
&nbsp;Items&nbsp;10-14





 






















































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities




































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance























Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence





































 






Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
 a Delaware corporation (together with its majority-owned subsidiaries
 the &#147;Company&#148;)
produces
 markets and distributes nonalcoholic beverages
 primarily products of The Coca-Cola Company
 Atlanta
 Georgia (&#147;The Coca-Cola Company&#148;)
 which include some of the most recognized and popular beverage brands in the world. The
Company
 which was incorporated in 1980
 and its predecessors have been in the nonalcoholic beverage manufacturing and distribution business since 1902. The Company is the largest independent Coca-Cola bottler in the United States. 
In April 2013
 as part of The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s plans to refranchise a substantial portion of its North American bottling
territories
 the Company and The Coca-Cola Company signed a nonbinding letter of intent to expand the geographic regions served by the Company with the Company acquiring the rights to serve certain markets in Tennessee
 Kentucky and Indiana
previously served by Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc. (&#147;CCR&#148;)
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company (individually an &#147;Expansion Territory&#148; and collectively
 the &#147;Expansion Territories&#148;). Beginning in May
2014
 the Company has entered into a series of transactions with CCR (four of which have been completed and the remaining two of which are expected to be completed in Spring 2015) to allow the Company to take over serving the Expansion Territories.
The Company&#146;s rights to distribute and market beverage products of The Coca-Cola Company in the Expansion Territories (with limited exceptions) are governed exclusively by a Comprehensive Beverage Agreement (&#147;CBA&#148;) for each Expansion
Territory and are different from the rights the Company holds under agreements with The Coca-Cola Company to serve the markets located in North and South Carolina
 South Alabama
 South Georgia
 Central Tennessee
 Western Virginia and West Virginia
the Company has previously served and is continuing to serve (individually
 a &#147;Legacy Territory&#148; and collectively












Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee



Knoxville
 Tennessee



Cleveland and Cookeville
 Tennessee



Louisville
 Kentucky and Evansville
 Indiana



Lexington
 Kentucky



Paducah and Pikeville
 Kentucky


As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 The Coca-Cola Company had a 34.8% interest in the Company&#146;s outstanding
Common Stock
 representing 5.0% of the total voting power of the Company&#146;s Common Stock and Class B Common Stock voting together as a single class. The Coca-Cola Company does not own any shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company. J. Frank
Harrison
 III
 the Company&#146;s Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 currently owns or controls approximately 86% of the combined voting power of the Company&#146;s outstanding Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. 








Sparkling beverages &#150; beverages with carbonation
 including energy drinks; and 






Still beverages &#150; beverages without carbonation
 including bottled water
 tea
 ready-to-drink coffee
 enhanced water
 juices and sports drinks.
Sales of sparkling beverages were approximately 81%
 82% and 82% of total net sales for fiscal 2014
(&#147;2014&#148;)
 fiscal 2013 (&#147;2013&#148;) and fiscal 2012 (&#147;2012&#148;)
 respectively. Sales of still beverages were approximately 19%
 18%
 and 18% of total net sales for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
 



The Company holds Cola Beverage Agreements and Allied Beverage Agreements under which it
produces
 distributes and markets
 in certain regions comprising the Legacy Territories
 Company. The Company also holds Still Beverage Agreements under which it
distributes and markets in certain regions comprising the Legacy Territories still beverages of The Coca-Cola Company such as POWERade
 vitaminwater and Minute Maid Juices To Go and produces
 distributes and markets Dasani water products. For those
regions comprising the Expansion Territories (except the Lexington
 Kentucky region)
 the Company has entered into or will enter into CBAs authorizing the Company to distribute and market in those regions both sparkling beverages and still beverages
The Company holds agreements to produce
 distribute and market Dr Pepper in some of the regions
comprising the Legacy Territories. The Company also distributes and markets various other products
 including Monster Energy products and Sundrop
 in one or more of the Company&#146;s regions
 including
 in the case of Monster Energy products
 some
of the Expansion Territories
 under agreements with the companies that hold and license the use of their trademarks for these beverages. In addition
 the Company produces beverages for other Coca-Cola bottlers. In some instances
 the Company
The Company&#146;s principal sparkling beverage
is Coca-Cola. In each of the last three fiscal years
 sales of products bearing the &#147;Coca-Cola&#148; or &#147;Coke&#148; trademark have accounted for more than half of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers. In total
 products
of The Coca-Cola Company accounted for approximately 88% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2014


addition
 the Company provides restaurants and other immediate consumption outlets with fountain products (&#147;post-mix&#148;). Fountain products are dispensed through equipment that mixes the fountain syrup with carbonated or still water
The Company has also developed
marketed and distributed certain products which it owns. These products include Tum-E Yummies
 a vitamin-C enhanced flavored drink
 and Fuel in a Bottle power shots. The Company markets and sells these products nationally. CCR distributes Tum-E
 franchise bottlers also distribute Tum-E Yummies in the regions they serve. In the non-binding letter of intent the Company and The Coca-Cola Company signed in April
2013
 the parties set forth their intent to agree on the terms of the future purchase by The Coca-Cola Company of the Company&#146;s subsidiary that develops
 sells and markets these branded products. The Company and The Coca-Cola Company are
currently negotiating but have not reached final agreement on the terms of the proposed purchase agreement. 
 



The following table sets forth some of the Company&#146;s most important products
 including
both products that The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies have licensed to the Company and products that the Company owns. 






















by Other
Beverage























































































































































 market and distribute in the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s
nonalcoholic beverages in bottles
 cans and five gallon pressurized pre-mix containers. The Company has similar arrangements for the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories with Dr Pepper Snapple Group
 Inc. and other beverage companies. For the Expansion
Territories acquired in 2014
 the Company holds its rights to market and distribute The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s nonalcoholic beverages under a CBA for each Expansion Territory that does not include the right to produce such beverages. Instead
 the
Company and CCR have entered into a Finished Goods Supply Agreement for each Expansion Territory pursuant to which the Company purchases from CCR substantially all of the Company&#146;s requirements for The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s nonalcoholic
beverages and related products and for the cross-licensed brands the Company has the right to market and distribute in such Expansion Territory. The CBA and the Finished Goods Supply Agreement for the Expansion Territories are described below

<FONT

 markets and distributes its principal sparkling beverages within its Legacy Territories under two basic forms of beverage
agreements with The Coca-Cola Company: (i)&nbsp;beverage agreements that cover sparkling beverages bearing the trademark &#147;Coca-Cola&#148; or &#147;Coke&#148; (the &#147;Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages&#148; and &#147;Cola Beverage
Agreements&#148;)
 and (ii)&nbsp;beverage agreements that cover other sparkling beverages of The Coca-Cola Company (the &#147;Allied Beverages&#148; and &#147;Allied Beverage Agreements&#148;) (referred to collectively in this report as the
&#147;Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements&#148;)
 although in some instances the Company distributes sparkling beverages without a written agreement. The Company is a party to Cola Beverage Agreements and Allied Beverage Agreements for various
specified Legacy Territories. 
 



 
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Cola Beverage Agreements for the Legacy Territories provide that the Company will purchase
 Company at prices
 terms of payment
 and other terms and conditions of supply determined from time-to-time
by The Coca-Cola Company at its sole discretion. The Company may not produce
 distribute
 or handle cola products other than those of The Coca-Cola Company. The Company has the exclusive right to manufacture and distribute Coca-Cola Trademark
Beverages for sale in authorized containers within its Legacy Territories. The Coca-Cola Company may determine
 at its sole discretion
 what types of containers are authorized for use with products of The Coca-Cola Company. The Company may not sell
Company
Obligations
 among other things
 to: 





maintain such plant and equipment
 staff and distribution and vending facilities that are capable of manufacturing
 packaging
 and distributing
Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages in accordance with the Cola Beverage Agreements and in sufficient quantities to satisfy fully the demand for these beverages in its Legacy Territories; 






 Company;






develop
 stimulate and satisfy fully the demand for Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages in its Legacy Territories; 






use all approved means and spend such funds on advertising and other forms of marketing as may be reasonably required to satisfy that objective; and






maintain such sound financial capacity as may be reasonably necessary to ensure its performance of its obligations to The Coca-Cola Company.
The Company is required to meet annually with The Coca-Cola Company to present its marketing
 management
and advertising plans for the Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages for the upcoming year
 including financial plans showing that the Company has the consolidated financial capacity to perform its duties and obligations to The Coca-Cola Company. The
Coca-Cola Company may not unreasonably withhold approval of such plans. If the Company carries out its plans in all material respects
 the Company will be deemed to have satisfied the Company&#146;s obligations to develop
 stimulate
 and satisfy
fully the demand for the Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages and to maintain the requisite financial capacity for the period of time covered by the plan. Failure to carry out such plans in all material respects would constitute an event of default that
if not cured within 120 days of written notice of the failure
 would give The Coca-Cola Company the right to terminate the Cola Beverage Agreements. If the Company
 at any time
 fails to carry out a plan in all material respects in any geographic
segment of its Legacy Territories
 as defined by The Coca-Cola Company
 and if such failure is not cured within six months of written notice of the failure
 The Coca-Cola Company may reduce the territory covered by that Cola Beverage Agreement by
The Coca-Cola Company has no obligation under the
Cola Beverage Agreements to participate with the Company in expenditures for advertising and marketing. As it has in the past
 The Coca-Cola Company may contribute to such expenditures and undertake independent advertising and marketing activities
as well as advertising and sales promotion programs which require mutual cooperation and financial support of the Company. The future levels of marketing funding support and promotional funds provided by The Coca-Cola Company may vary materially
Acquisition of Other
Bottlers.
 directly or indirectly
 of any bottler of Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages
 or any party controlling a bottler of Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages
 the Company must cause the acquired
bottler to amend its agreement for the Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages to conform to the terms of the Cola Beverage Agreements. 
 



.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Cola Beverage Agreements are
perpetual
 but they are subject to termination by The Coca-Cola Company upon the occurrence of an event of default by the Company. Events of default with respect to each Cola Beverage Agreement include: 






production
 sale or ownership in any entity which produces or sells any cola product not authorized by The Coca-Cola Company or a cola product that
might be confused with or is an imitation of the trade dress
 trademark
 tradename or authorized container of a cola product of The Coca-Cola Company; 





insolvency
 bankruptcy
 dissolution
 receivership
 or the like; 






any disposition by the Company of any voting securities of any bottling company subsidiary without the consent of The Coca-Cola Company; and






any material breach of any of its obligations under that Cola Beverage Agreement that remains unresolved for 120 days after written notice by The
If any Cola Beverage Agreement is terminated because of an event of default
 The Coca-Cola
No
Assignments.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 transferring or pledging its Cola Beverage Agreements or any interest therein
 whether voluntarily or by operation of law
 without the prior consent of The Coca-Cola
Company. 
The Allied Beverages are beverages of The Coca-Cola Company or its subsidiaries that are sparkling beverages
 but not Coca-Cola Trademark
Beverages. The Allied Beverage Agreements contain provisions that are similar to those of the Cola Beverage Agreements with respect to the sale of beverages outside its Legacy Territories
 authorized containers
 planning
 quality control
 transfer
restrictions
 and related matters but have certain significant differences from the Cola Beverage Agreements. 
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Under the Allied Beverage Agreements
 the Company has exclusive rights to distribute the Allied
Beverages in authorized containers in specified Legacy Territories. Like the Cola Beverage Agreements
 the Company has advertising
 marketing
 and promotional obligations
 but without restriction for most brands as to the marketing of products with
similar flavors
 as long as there is no manufacturing or handling of other products that would imitate
 infringe upon
 or cause confusion with
 the products of The Coca-Cola Company. The Coca-Cola Company has the right to discontinue any or all
Allied Beverages
 and the Company has a right
 but not an obligation
 under the Allied Beverage Agreements to elect to market any new beverage introduced by The Coca-Cola Company under the trademarks covered by the respective Allied Beverage
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Allied Beverage Agreements have a term of 10 years and are
renewable by the Company for an additional 10 years at the end of each term. Renewal is at the Company&#146;s option. The Company currently intends to renew substantially all of the Allied Beverage Agreements as they expire. The Allied Beverage
Agreements are subject to termination in the event of default by the Company. The Coca-Cola Company may terminate an Allied Beverage Agreement in the event of: 





insolvency
 bankruptcy
 dissolution
 receivership
 or the like; 













any material breach of any of the Company&#146;s obligations under that Allied Beverage Agreement that remains unresolved for 120 days after required
prior written notice by The Coca-Cola Company. 
 



Supplementary Agreement Relating to Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements with The Coca-Cola Company for
The Company and The Coca-Cola Company are also parties to a Letter
Agreement (the &#147;Supplementary Agreement&#148;) that supplements or modifies some of the provisions of the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements. The Supplementary Agreement provides that The Coca-Cola Company will: 













offer marketing funding support and exercise its rights under the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements in a manner consistent with its dealings with
comparable bottlers; 





offer to the Company any written amendment to the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements (except amendments dealing with transfer of ownership) which it
enters into with any other bottler in the United States which are parties to contracts substantially similar to the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements; and 






subject to certain limited exceptions
 sell syrups and concentrates to the Company at prices no greater than those charged to other bottlers which are
The Supplementary
Agreement permits transfers of the Company&#146;s capital stock that would otherwise be limited by the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements. 

Pursuant to the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements
 except as provided in the Supplementary Agreement and the Incidence Pricing Agreement
(described below)
 The Coca-Cola Company establishes the prices charged to the Company for concentrates of Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages and Allied Beverages. The Coca-Cola Company has no rights under the beverage agreements to establish the resale
Since 2008
 however
 the Company has been purchasing concentrate from The
Coca-Cola Company for all sparkling beverages for which the Company purchases concentrate from The Coca-Cola Company under an incidence-based pricing arrangement and has not purchased concentrates at standard concentrate prices as was the
Company&#146;s practice in prior years. During the two-year term of the current incidence-based pricing agreement that will end on December&nbsp;31
 2015
 the pricing of such concentrate will continue to be governed by the incidence-based pricing
model rather than the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements for the Legacy Territories. Under the incidence-based pricing model
 the concentrate price The Coca-Cola Company charges is impacted by a number of factors
 including the incidence rate in
effect
 the Company&#146;s pricing and sales of finished products
 the channels in which the finished products are sold and package mix. 

The Company purchases as finished goods and distributes certain still beverages
 such as sports drinks and juice drinks
 from The
Coca-Cola Company
 or its designees or joint ventures
 and produces
 markets and distributes Dasani water products
 pursuant to the terms of marketing and distribution agreements applicable to the Legacy Territories (the &#147;Still Beverage
Agreements&#148;). In some instances the Company distributes certain still beverages in the Legacy Territories without a written agreement. The Still Beverage Agreements for the Legacy Territories contain provisions that are similar to the Cola and
Allied Beverage Agreements with respect to authorized containers
 planning
 quality control
 transfer restrictions
 and related matters but have certain significant differences. 
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Unlike the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements
 which grant the Company exclusivity in the
distribution of the covered beverages in its Legacy Territories
 the Still Beverage Agreements grant exclusivity but permit The Coca-Cola Company to test-market the still beverage products in the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories
 subject to the
Company&#146;s right of first refusal
 and to sell the still beverages to commissaries 
 



 
for delivery to retail outlets in the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories where still beverages are consumed on-premises
 such as restaurants. The Coca-Cola Company must pay the Company certain
fees for lost volume
 delivery
 and taxes in the event of such commissary sales. Approved alternative route to market projects undertaken by the Company
 The Coca-Cola Company
 and other bottlers of Coca-Cola products would
 in some instances
permit delivery of certain products of The Coca-Cola Company into the territories of almost all bottlers
 in exchange for compensation in most circumstances
 despite the terms of the beverage agreements making such territories exclusive. Also
 under
the Still Beverage Agreements for the Legacy Territories
 the Company may not sell other beverages in the same product category. 
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The Coca-Cola Company
 at its sole discretion
 establishes the prices the Company must pay for the
still beverages purchased as finished goods or
 in the case of Dasani
 the concentrate or finished goods
 but has agreed
 under certain circumstances for some products
 to give the benefit of more favorable pricing if such pricing is offered to
.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Each of the Still Beverage Agreements for the
Company&#146;s Legacy Territories has a term of 10 or 15 years and is renewable by the Company for an additional 10 years at the end of each term. The Company currently intends to renew substantially all of the Still Beverage Agreements as they


 Inc. (&#147;Energy Brands&#148;)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. Energy Brands
 also known as glac&eacute;au
is a producer and distributor of branded enhanced water products including vitaminwater
 smartwater (still beverage products)
 and fruitwater (a sparkling water drink). The agreement has a term of 10 years and will automatically renew for succeeding
10-year terms
 subject to a 12-month nonrenewal notification by the Company. The agreement covers most of the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories
 requires the Company to distribute Energy Brands enhanced water products exclusively
 and permits Energy
The Company also sells
Coca-Cola and other post-mix products of The Coca-Cola Company on a non-exclusive basis. The Coca-Cola Company establishes the prices charged to the Company for post-mix products of The Coca-Cola Company. In addition
 the Company produces some
products for sale to other Coca-Cola bottlers and CCR. These sales have lower margins but allow the Company to achieve higher utilization of its production equipment and facilities. 
The Company entered into an agreement with The Coca-Cola Company in 2008 regarding brand innovation and distribution collaboration. Under
the agreement
 the Company grants The Coca-Cola Company the option to purchase any nonalcoholic beverage brands owned by the Company. The option is exercisable as to each brand at a formula-based price during the two-year period that begins after
that brand has achieved a specified level of net operating revenue or
 if earlier
 beginning five years after the introduction of that brand into the market with a minimum level of net operating revenue
 with the exception that with respect to
brands owned at the date of the letter agreement
 the five-year period does not begin earlier than the date of the letter agreement. In the non-binding letter of intent the Company and The Coca-Cola Company signed in April 2013
 the parties set
forth their intent to agree on the terms of the future purchase by The Coca-Cola Company of the Company&#146;s subsidiary that develops
 sells and markets these nonalcoholic beverage brands owned by the Company. The Company and The Coca-Cola Company
are currently negotiating
 but have not reached final agreement on
Beverage Agreements with
The Company has beverage agreements for the Legacy Territories with Dr Pepper
Snapple Group
 Inc. for Dr Pepper and Sundrop brands which are similar to those for the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements for the Legacy Territories. These beverage agreements are perpetual in nature but may be terminated by the Company upon 90
days notice. The price for syrup or concentrate is set by the beverage companies from time to time. 
 



 
These beverage agreements also contain similar restrictions on the use of trademarks
 approved bottles
 cans and labels and sale of imitations or substitutes as well as termination for cause
provisions. The Company also sells post-mix products of Dr Pepper Snapple Group
The Company has been purchasing as
finished goods and distributing certain Monster brand energy drink products since 2007 in portions of its Legacy Territories under a distribution agreement with Monster Energy Company (&#147;MEC&#148;). The agreement contains provisions that are
similar to the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements with respect to pricing
 promotion
 planning
 territory and trademark restrictions
 transfer restrictions
 and related matters as well as termination for cause provisions. The agreement has a 20
year term and will renew automatically. The agreement may be terminated without cause by either party. However
 any such termination by MEC requires compensation in the form of severance payments to the Company. In December 2014
 the Company entered
into an agreement with The Coca-Cola Company (acting through its Coca-Cola North America Division) whereby The Coca-Cola Company has consented to the Company distributing Monster brand energy drink products in that portion of the Company&#146;s
Legacy and Expansion Territories where the Company does not currently distribute them pursuant to a new distribution agreement the Company and MEC are currently negotiating. See Item&nbsp;13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and
Director Independence in Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about the December 2014 agreement with The Coca-Cola Company and the proposed new Monster brand energy drink products distribution agreement. 
The territories covered by beverage agreements with other licensors for the Legacy Territories are not always aligned with the Legacy
Territories covered by the Cola and Allied Beverage Agreements but are generally within those territory boundaries. Sales of beverages by the Company under these other agreements in the Legacy Territories represented approximately 12% of the
Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers for each of 2014
 2013 and 2012. 
Beginning in May 2014
 the Company has entered into a series of transactions involving execution of multiple CBAs under which CCR has
granted the Company exclusive distribution rights in several of the Expansion Territories for brands owned by The Coca-Cola Company in exchange for the Company&#146;s obligation to make quarterly sub-bottling payments on an ongoing basis to CCR.
These Expansion Territories include Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee
 Knoxville
 Tennessee
 Cleveland and Cookeville
 Tennessee and Louisville
 Kentucky and Evansville
 Indiana and the surrounding regions. Contemporaneous with the signing of
each CBA
 the Company also acquired CCR&#146;s rights to distribute in each Expansion Territory beverage brands that are not owned by The Coca-Cola Company (the &#147;cross-licensed brands&#148;) and substantially all the assets of CCR related to
the distribution
 promotion
 marketing and sale of The Coca-Cola Company brands and cross-licensed brands in the Expansion Territory. The Company did not acquire from CCR any production assets or rights to produce beverages for distribution in any
of these Expansion Territories. Instead
 with certain limited exceptions
 the Company has entered into a Finished Goods Supply Agreement with CCR to purchase finished beverage products to distribute in the Expansion Territory acquired. The CBAs
which are described further below
 have terms of ten years and are renewable for successive additional terms of ten years each unless earlier terminated as provided in such agreements. 
To further implement the April 2013 letter of intent
 the Company and CCR have entered into an asset exchange agreement for the Lexington
Kentucky Expansion Territory. The Company has agreed to exchange certain of its assets relating to the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the region currently served by the Company&#146;s
facilities and equipment located in Jackson
 Tennessee (including the rights to produce such beverages) for certain of CCR&#146;s assets relating to the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the
region currently served by CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Lexington
 Kentucky (including the rights to produce such beverages). The Company and CCR anticipate the closing of this asset exchange agreement will occur in Spring 2015.
The Company and CCR also anticipate the asset purchase agreement with CCR relating to the territory currently served by CCR
through its facilities and equipment located in Paducah and Pikeville
 Kentucky 
 



 
will close in Spring 2015. When the Paducah/Pikeville asset purchase transaction and the Jackson-for-Lexington exchange transaction are consummated
 the expansion of the geographic regions served
by the Company contemplated by the nonbinding letter of intent the Company and The Coca-Cola Company signed in April 2013 will be complete. 


entered into at closing for each Expansion Territory transaction completed
 the Company has been granted certain exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell brands of The Coca-Cola Company and related products in such Expansion
Territory. These brands include both sparkling and still beverages. Under each CBA
 the Company will make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell brands
of The Coca-Cola Company and related products in the applicable Expansion Territory. As of December 28
 2014
 the Company had recorded a liability of $46.9 million to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration related to future
Other than the brands
of The Coca-Cola Company and related products and expressly permitted existing cross-licensed brands sold in an Expansion Territory
 each CBA provides that the Company will not be permitted to produce
 manufacture
 prepare
 package
 distribute
sell
 deal in or otherwise use or handle any beverages
 beverage components or other beverage products in the Expansion Territory unless otherwise consented to by The Coca-Cola Company
 subject to the terms of the Ancillary Business Letter described
 The Company is obligated under the CBA
 among other things
 to: 






make capital expenditures in its business in the Expansion Territory as reasonably required for the Company to comply with its obligations under the
CBA for the operation
 maintenance and replacement within the Expansion Territory of warehousing
 distribution
 delivery
 transportation
 vending equipment
 merchandising equipment
 and other facilities
 infrastructure
 assets
 and equipment;






buy exclusively from The Coca-Cola Company (directly or through CCR or another affiliate) or an authorized supplier
 in accordance with the Finished
Goods Supply Agreement
 (with certain exceptions under which the Company can produce finished goods itself) all beverage and related products the Company is authorized to distribute in quantities required to satisfy fully the demand in the Expansion
Territory for such beverages; 





expend such funds for marketing and promoting the beverage and related products it is authorized to distribute as reasonably required to create
stimulate and sustain the demand for such beverages and related products in the Expansion Territory; 





maintain financial capacity reasonably necessary to develop and stimulate and satisfy fully the demand for the beverages and related products the
Company is authorized to distribute in the Expansion Territory and to assure the Company will be financially able to perform its obligations under the CBA; and 






provide specified financial information to The Coca-Cola Company to the extent
 in the form and manner
 and at such times as reasonably required by The
Term and
Each CBA has a term of ten years and is renewable by the Company indefinitely for successive additional terms of ten years each unless a CBA is earlier terminated upon the occurrence of any of the following
 among other
events. 





insolvency
 bankruptcy
 dissolution
 receivership
 or the like; 






the Company&#146;s equipment or facilities are subject to attachment
 levy or other final process that would materially and adversely affect the
Company&#146;s ability to fulfill its obligations under the CBA; 
 








any other beverage agreement with the Company or any other CBA is terminated by The Coca-Cola Company under provisions that permit termination without
damages due to the Company&#146;s breach or default
 unless otherwise agreed by The Coca-Cola Company; or 





the Company fails to comply with any of the Company&#146;s obligations under the CBA or breaches in any material respect any of the Company&#146;s


pursuant to each CBA to distribute
 promote
 market and sell brands of The Coca-Cola Company and related products in the applicable Expansion Territory does not include the right to produce such beverage products. Instead
 the Company and CCR have
entered into a Finished Goods Supply Agreement for each Expansion Territory pursuant to which the Company will purchase from CCR substantially all of the Company&#146;s requirements in the applicable Expansion Territory for brands of The Coca-Cola
Company and related products and expressly permitted existing cross-licensed brands at a cost-based price
 subject to adjustment in accordance with the incidence-based pricing agreement that the Company entered into with The Coca-Cola Company
described above
 as applicable to the Expansion Territory. Under certain exceptions


entered into the Ancillary Business Letter in May 2014 granting the Company certain advance waivers to acquire or develop certain lines of business in the Expansion Territories involving the preparation
 distribution
 sale
 dealing in or otherwise
using or handling of beverages
 beverage components or other beverage products that would otherwise be prohibited under the CBAs. In connection with receiving such waivers and in recognition of the substantial management time and resources of the
Company needed to complete the acquisition and integration of the Expansion Territories
 the Company has agreed that during the period beginning on May&nbsp;23
 2014 and continuing until January&nbsp;1
 2017 (the &#147;Focus Period&#148;) it will
not acquire or develop any line of business inside or outside of the Expansion Territories without the consent of The Coca-Cola Company (which consent cannot be unreasonably withheld). This restriction is subject to certain limited exceptions
described in the Ancillary Business Letter. This restriction also may terminate sooner if either party provides notice to the other (i)&nbsp;that it is terminating discussions regarding the Company receiving rights to any Expansion Territory
contemplated by the April&nbsp;13
 2013 letter of intent or
 (ii)&nbsp;if transactions for all of the Expansion Territory transactions contemplated by such letter of intent have been consummated
 that it does not intend to pursue any other
transactions that would result in additional territory expansion by the Company. In exchange
 The Coca-Cola Company has agreed in the Ancillary Business Letter that
 following the Focus Period
 certain types of activities relating to the
preparation
 distribution
 sale
 dealing in or otherwise using or handling beverages
 beverage components and other beverage products that would otherwise be prohibited by the CBAs for the Expansion Territories will be permitted without its consent.
As a result
 following the Focus Period
 The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s consent (which cannot be unreasonably withheld) will only be required under the CBAs for the acquisition or development by the Company in the Expansion Territories of (i)&nbsp;any
grocery
 quick service restaurant
 or convenience and petroleum store business engaged in the sale of beverages
 beverage components and other beverage products not permitted by the CBAs (&#147;Prohibited Beverages&#148;)
 or (ii)&nbsp;any other
line of business engaged in the preparation
 distribution
 sale
 dealing in
 using or handling of Prohibited Beverages in which all beverage activities in the aggregate constitute more than ten percent (10%)&nbsp;of the net sales of such business.

The Company currently holds bottling rights in its Legacy Territories from The Coca-Cola Company covering the majority of North Carolina
South Carolina and West Virginia
 and portions of Alabama
 Mississippi
 Tennessee
 Kentucky
 Virginia
 Pennsylvania
 Georgia and Florida. The total population within the Company&#146;s Legacy and Expansion Territories completed as of December 28
2014 is 22.4 million. 
 



As of December 28
 2014
 the Company currently operates in seven principal geographic
. This region
includes the majority of North Carolina
 including Charlotte
 Raleigh
 Greensboro
 Winston-Salem
 High Point
 Hickory
 Asheville
 Fayetteville
 Wilmington
 and the surrounding areas. The region has a population of 9.4 million. The Company has a


 including Charleston
 Columbia
 Greenville
 Myrtle Beach and the surrounding areas. The region has a population of 3.8
.
This region includes a portion of southwestern Alabama
 including Mobile and surrounding areas
 and a portion of southeastern Mississippi. The region has a population of 1.0 million. The Company has a production/distribution facility in Mobile and
. This region
includes a small portion of eastern Alabama
 a portion of southwestern Georgia including Columbus and surrounding areas and a portion of the Florida Panhandle. This region has a population of 1.1 million. The Company has four sales distribution
. This region includes a significant portion of
central and eastern Tennessee
 including Nashville
 Johnson City
 Morristown
 and Knoxville and surrounding areas
 a small portion of southern Kentucky and a small portion of northwest Alabama. The region has a population of 4.1 million. The Company
has a production/distribution facility in Nashville and six sales distribution facilities are located throughout the region. The region includes portions of the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories and several Expansion Territories
 including Johnson
City
. This region includes most of southwestern
Virginia
 including Roanoke and surrounding areas
 a portion of the southern piedmont of Virginia
 a portion of northeastern Tennessee and a portion of southeastern West Virginia. The region has a population of 1.6 million. The Company has a


Subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company acquired additional
distribution territories in Cookeville
 and Cleveland
 Tennessee
 Louisville
 Kentucky
 and Evansville
 Indiana. These Expansion Territories serve a population of 3.1&nbsp;million and have a total of four sales distribution facilities. 
The Company is a member of South Atlantic Canners
 Inc. (&#147;SAC&#148;)
 a manufacturing cooperative located in Bishopville
 South
Carolina. All eight members of SAC are Coca-Cola bottlers and each member has equal voting rights. The Company receives a fee for managing the day-to-day operations of SAC pursuant to a management agreement. Management fees earned from SAC were $1.8
million
 $1.6 million and $1.5 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. SAC&#146;s bottling lines supply a portion of the Company&#146;s volume requirements for beverage products. The Company has a commitment with SAC that requires minimum
annual purchases of 17.5&nbsp;million cases of beverage products through June 2024. Purchases from SAC by the Company for finished products were $132 million
 $137 million and $141 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 or 25.9&nbsp;million
cases
 26.2&nbsp;million cases and 27.5&nbsp;million cases of finished product
 respectively. 
In addition to concentrates obtained from The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies for use in its beverage manufacturing
 the
Company also purchases sweetener
 carbon dioxide
 plastic bottles
 cans
 closures and other packaging materials
 as well as equipment for the production
 distribution and marketing of nonalcoholic beverages. 
 



The Company purchases substantially all of its plastic bottles (12-ounce
 16-ounce
20-ounce
 24-ounce
 half-liter
 1-liter
 1.25-liter
 2-liter
 253 ml and 300 ml sizes) from manufacturing plants owned and operated by Southeastern Container and Western Container
 two entities owned by various Coca-Cola bottlers
 including the
Company. The Company currently obtains all of its aluminum cans (7.5-ounce
 12-ounce and 16-ounce sizes) from two domestic suppliers. None of the materials or supplies used by the Company are currently in short supply. 
Along with all the other Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States
 the Company is a member in Coca-Cola Bottlers&#146; Sales and Services
Company
 LLC (&#147;CCBSS&#148;)
 which was formed in 2003 for the purposes of facilitating various procurement functions and distributing certain specified beverage products of The Coca-Cola Company with the intention of enhancing the efficiency
and competitiveness of the Coca-Cola bottling system in the United States. CCBSS negotiates the procurement for the majority of the Company&#146;s raw materials (excluding concentrate). 
The Company is exposed to price risk on commodities such as aluminum
 corn
 PET resin (a petroleum-based product)
 and fuel which affects
the cost of raw materials used in the production of finished products. The Company both produces and procures these finished products. Examples of the raw materials affected are aluminum cans and plastic bottles used for packaging and high fructose
corn syrup used as a product ingredient. Further
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risk on oil
 which impacts the Company&#146;s cost of fuel used in the movement and delivery of the Company&#146;s products. The Company participates in
commodity hedging and risk mitigation programs administered both by CCBSS and by the Company itself. In addition
 no limit is placed on the price The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies can charge for concentrate. However
 under the
Incidence Pricing Agreement
Customers
The Company&#146;s products are sold and distributed directly to retail stores and other outlets
including food markets
 institutional accounts and vending machine outlets. During 2014
 approximately 68% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers was sold for future consumption. The remaining bottle/can volume to retail
customers of approximately 32% was sold for immediate consumption
 primarily through dispensing machines owned either by the Company
 retail outlets or third party vending companies. The Company&#146;s largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
accounted for approximately 22% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume to retail customers and the second largest customer
 Food Lion
 LLC
 accounted for approximately 9% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume to retail customers.
Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and Food Lion
 LLC accounted for approximately 15% and 6% of the Company&#146;s total net sales
 respectively. The loss of either Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. or Food Lion
 LLC as customers could have a material adverse effect on the
operating and financial results of the Company. All of the Company&#146;s beverage sales are to customers in the United States. 
New product introductions
 packaging changes and sales promotions have been the primary sales and marketing practices in the nonalcoholic
beverage industry in recent years and have required and are expected to continue to require substantial expenditures. Brand introductions from the Company and The Coca-Cola Company in recent years include Tum-E Yummies
 Fuel in a Bottle Energy Shot
Fuel in a Bottle Protein Shot
 Coca-Cola Zero
 Dasani flavors
 Coca-Cola Life
 Full Throttle and Gold Peak tea products. New packaging introductions include the 253 ml bottle
 the 1.25-liter bottle
 the 7.5-ounce sleek can
 the 2-liter contour
bottle for Coca-Cola products
The Company sells its products primarily in
nonrefillable bottles and cans
 in varying proportions from market to market. For example
 there may be as many as 23 different packages for Diet Coke within a single geographic area. Bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2014 was
approximately 44% cans
Advertising in various media
 primarily television and radio
 is
relied upon extensively in the marketing of the Company&#146;s products. The Coca-Cola Company and Dr Pepper Snapple Group
 Inc. (collectively
 the &#147;Beverage Companies&#148;) make substantial expenditures on advertising in the Company&#146;s
Legacy and Expansion 
 



 
Territories. The Company has also benefited from national advertising programs conducted by the Beverage Companies. In addition
 the Company expends substantial funds on its own behalf for
extensive local sales promotions of the Company&#146;s products. Historically
 these expenses have been partially offset by marketing funding support the Beverage Companies provide to the Company in support of a variety of marketing programs
 such
as point-of-sale displays and merchandising programs. However
 the Beverage Companies are under no obligation to provide the Company with marketing funding support in the future. 
The substantial outlays the Company makes for marketing and merchandising programs are generally regarded as necessary to maintain or
increase revenue
 and any significant curtailment of marketing funding support provided by the Beverage Companies for marketing programs which benefit the Company could have a material adverse effect on the operating and financial results of the


 and believes CCR has
 adequate production capacity to meet
sales demand for sparkling and still beverages during these peak periods. See &#147;Item 2. Properties&#148; for information relating to utilization of the Company&#146;s production facilities. Sales volume can also be impacted by weather


 regionally advertised and marketed
products
 as well as bottlers and distributors of private label beverages in supermarket stores. The sparkling beverage market (including energy products) comprised 80% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers in 2014. In each
region in which the Company operates
 between 85% and 95% of sparkling beverage sales in bottles
 cans and other containers are accounted for by the Company and its principal competitors
 which in each region includes the local bottler of Pepsi-Cola
and
 in some regions
 the local bottler of Dr Pepper
The principal methods of competition
in the nonalcoholic beverage industry are point-of-sale merchandising
 new product introductions
 new vending and dispensing equipment
 packaging changes
 pricing
 price promotions
 product quality
 retail space management
 customer service


subject to the rules and regulations of the United States Food and Drug Administration (&#147;FDA&#148;) and other federal
 state and local health agencies. The FDA also regulates the labeling of containers under The Nutrition Labeling and Education
Act of 1990. The Nutrition Facts label has not changed significantly since it was first introduced in 1994. In 2014
 the FDA proposed new rules that would result in major changes to nutrition labels on all food packages
 including the packaging for
the Company&#146;s products
 that would
 among other things
 require those labels to display caloric counts in large type
 reflect larger portion sizes and display on a separate line on the label the amount of sugars that are added to the product.
The comment period on the proposed rules closed in August 2014. If these proposed rules are adopted by the FDA
 the Company expects to have up to two years to put the required labeling changes into effect on the packaging for the products it
As a manufacturer
 distributor and seller of beverage products of The Coca-Cola Company and
other soft drink manufacturers in exclusive territories
 the Company is subject to antitrust laws of general applicability. However
 pursuant to the United States Soft Drink Interbrand Competition Act
 soft drink bottlers such as the Company may
have an exclusive right to manufacture
 distribute and sell a soft drink product in a defined geographic territory if that soft drink product is in substantial and effective competition with other products of the same general class in the market.
The Company believes such competition exists in each of the exclusive geographic territories in the United States in which the Company operates. 
 



From time to time
 legislation has been proposed in Congress and by certain state and local
governments which would prohibit the sale of soft drink products in nonrefillable bottles and cans or require a mandatory deposit as a means of encouraging the return of such containers in an attempt to reduce solid waste and litter. The Company is
Soft drink and similar-type taxes have been in place in West
Virginia and Tennessee for several years. Proposals have been introduced by members of Congress and certain state governments that would impose excise and other special taxes on certain beverages that the Company sells. The Company cannot predict
Most of the beverage products sold by the Company are classified as food or food
products and are therefore eligible for purchase using supplemental nutrition assistance (&#147;SNAP&#148;) benefits by consumers purchasing them for home consumption. Some states and localities have proposed barring the use of SNAP benefits by
recipients in their jurisdictions to purchase some of the products the Company manufactures. The United States Department of Agriculture rejected such a proposal by a major American city as recently as 2011. Energy drinks that have a nutrition facts


 particularly elementary
 middle and high schools. A number of states have regulations restricting the
sale of soft drinks and other foods in schools. Many of these restrictions have existed for several years in connection with subsidized meal programs in schools. The focus has more recently turned to the growing health
 nutrition and obesity
concerns of today&#146;s youth. Restrictive legislation
 if widely enacted
 could have an adverse impact on the Company&#146;s products


material capital expenditure commitments for environmental compliance or environmental remediation for any of its properties. The Company does not believe compliance with federal
 state and local provisions that have been enacted or adopted
regarding the discharge of materials into the environment
 or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment
 will have a material effect on its capital expenditures
 earnings or competitive position. 
As of
February&nbsp;1
 2015
 the Company had approximately 5
600 full-time employees
 of whom approximately 420 were union members. The total number of employees
 including part-time employees
 was approximately 7
300. Approximately 6% of the
Company&#146;s labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Two collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 5% of the Company&#146;s employees expired during 2014 and the Company entered into new agreements in 2014. One
Exchange Act Reports
The Company makes available free of charge through the Company&#146;s Internet website

 the Company&#146;s annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are electronically
filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet website
 
 which contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information filed electronically with the SEC.
Any materials that the Company files with the SEC may also be read and copied at the SEC&#146;s Public Reference Room
 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Room 1580
 Washington


incorporated herein by reference. 
 








 the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating the Company&#146;s business. The Company&#146;s business
 financial condition or
The Company may not be able to
The Company operates in the highly competitive nonalcoholic
beverage industry and faces strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. The Company&#146;s response to continued and increased customer and competitor consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than
expected net pricing of the Company&#146;s products. The Company&#146;s ability to gain or maintain the Company&#146;s share of sales or gross margins may be limited by the actions of the Company&#146;s competitors
 which may have advantages in
setting their prices due to lower raw material costs. Competitive pressures in the markets in which the Company operates may cause channel and product mix to shift away from more profitable channels and packages. If the Company is unable to maintain
or increase volume in higher-margin products and in packages sold through higher-margin channels (e.g.
 immediate consumption)
 pricing and gross margins could be adversely affected. The Company&#146;s efforts to improve pricing may result in lower
Changes in how significant customers market or promote the Company&#146;s products could
The Company&#146;s revenue is affected by how significant customers market or promote the
Company&#146;s products. Revenue has been negatively impacted by less aggressive price promotion by some retailers in the future consumption channels over the past several years. If the Company&#146;s significant customers change the manner in which
they market or promote the Company&#146;s products
 the Company&#146;s revenue and profitability could be adversely impacted. 

The Company is exposed to risks resulting from several large customers that account for a significant portion of its bottle/can volume and
revenue. The Company&#146;s two largest customers accounted for approximately 31% of the Company&#146;s 2014 bottle/can volume to retail customers and approximately 21% of the Company&#146;s total net sales. The loss of one or both of these
customers could adversely affect the Company&#146;s results of operations. These customers typically make purchase decisions based on a combination of price
 product quality
 consumer demand and customer service performance and generally do not
enter into long-term contracts. In addition
 these significant customers may re-evaluate or refine their business practices related to inventories
 product displays
 logistics or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. The
Company&#146;s results of operations could be adversely affected if revenue from one or more of these customers is significantly reduced or if the cost of complying with these customers&#146; demands is significant. If receivables from one or more
of these customers become uncollectible
Changes in


with the Beverage Companies to meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market. Health and wellness trends throughout the marketplace have resulted in a shift from sugar sparkling beverages to diet sparkling beverages
 tea
 sports drinks
enhanced water and bottled water over the past several years. Failure to satisfy changing consumer preferences
 particularly those of young people
 could adversely affect the profitability of the Company&#146;s business. 

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions
 such as a recession or economic slowdown in the geographic markets in which the
Company does business
 may have the temporary effect of reducing the demand 
 



 
for certain of the Company&#146;s products. For example
 economic forces may cause consumers to shift away from purchasing higher-margin products and packages sold through immediate consumption
and other highly profitable channels. Adverse economic conditions could also increase the likelihood of customer delinquencies and bankruptcies
 which would increase the risk of uncollectibility of certain accounts. Each of these factors could
adversely affect the Company&#146;s revenue
 price realization


new contractual arrangements for the Expansion Territories could adversely affect the Company&#146;s business


 including
integrating distribution
 sales and administrative support activities and information technology systems between the Company&#146;s Legacy Territories and the Expansion Territories; and the Company&#146;s ability to successfully operate in the
Expansion Territories: motivating
 recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards
 controls (including internal control over financial reporting
 environmental compliance and health and safety compliance)
 procedures and policies and
business cultures between the Company and the Expansion Territories; growing business with existing customers and attracting new customers; and other unanticipated problems and liabilities. The territory expansion transactions the Company has
recently completed and any future expansion transactions also involve certain other financial and business risks
 including that the Company might not realize a satisfactory return on the Company&#146;s investment
 that the Company&#146;s
assumptions regarding potential growth
 synergies or cost savings could turn out to have been incorrect
 or that the territory expansions divert key members of the Company&#146;s management&#146;s attention and the Company&#146;s other available
Miscalculation of the Company&#146;s need for
infrastructure investment could impact the Company&#146;s financial results in both the Company&#146;s Legacy and Expansion Territories and any future expansion territories. 
Projected requirements of the Company&#146;s infrastructure investments in both the Company&#146;s Legacy and Expansion Territories and
any future expansion territories may differ from actual levels if the Company&#146;s volume growth is not as the Company anticipates. The Company&#146;s infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature; therefore
 it is possible that
investments made today may not generate the returns expected by the Company due to future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from the Company&#146;s expected returns on cold drink equipment
 fleet
 technology and supply chain
The Company&#146;s
inability to meet requirements under its beverage agreements could result in the loss of distribution rights. 
Approximately 88% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers in 2014 consisted of products of The Coca-Cola Company
which is the sole supplier of these products or of the concentrates or syrups required to manufacture these products. The remaining 12% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers in 2014 consisted of products of other beverage
companies and the Company&#146;s own products. The Company must satisfy various requirements under its beverage agreements
 including the new CBAs for the Expansion Territories
 which include additional obligations the Company must perform. Failure
to satisfy these requirements could result in the loss of distribution rights for the respective products under one or more of these beverage agreements. The occurrence of other events defined in these agreements could also result in the termination
of one or more beverage agreements. 
 



Material changes in
 or the Company&#146;s inability to satisfy
 the performance
requirements for marketing funding support
 or decreases from historic levels of marketing funding support


 or decreases in the levels of marketing funding support historically provided
 under marketing programs with The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage
companies
 or the Company&#146;s inability to meet the performance requirements for the anticipated levels of such marketing funding support payments
 could adversely affect the Company&#146;s profitability. The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage
Changes in The Coca-Cola
Company&#146;s and other beverage companies&#146; levels of advertising


 marketing spending and product innovation directly impact the Company&#146;s operations. While the Company does not
believe there will be significant changes in the levels of marketing and advertising by the Beverage Companies
 there can be no assurance that historic levels will continue. The Company&#146;s volume growth will also continue to be dependent on
product innovation by the Beverage Companies
 especially The Coca-Cola Company. Decreases in marketing
 advertising and product innovation by the Beverage Companies could adversely impact the profitability of the Company. 
The inability of the Company&#146;s aluminum can or plastic bottle suppliers to meet the Company&#146;s purchase requirements could
The Company currently obtains all of its aluminum cans from two domestic
suppliers and all of its plastic bottles from two domestic cooperatives. The inability of these aluminum can or plastic bottle suppliers to meet the Company&#146;s requirements for containers could result in short-term shortages until alternative
sources of supply can be located. The Company attempts to mitigate these risks by working closely with key suppliers and by purchasing business interruption insurance where appropriate. Failure of the aluminum can or plastic bottle suppliers to meet
The inability of the Company to
offset higher raw material costs with higher selling prices
 increased bottle/can volume or reduced expenses could have an adverse impact on the Company&#146;s profitability. 
Raw material costs
 including the costs for plastic bottles
 aluminum cans and high fructose corn syrup
 have been subject to significant
price volatility in the past and may continue to be in the future. In addition
 there are no limits on the prices The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies can charge for concentrate. If the Company cannot offset higher raw material costs
with higher selling prices
 increased sales volume or reductions in other costs


In recent years
 there has been consolidation among suppliers of certain of the Company&#146;s raw materials. The reduction in the number
of competitive sources of supply could have an adverse effect upon the Company&#146;s ability to negotiate the lowest costs and
 in light of the Company&#146;s relatively small in-plant raw material inventory levels
 has the potential for causing
The increasing reliance on purchased finished goods from


 the Company is subject to incremental risk
including
 but not limited to
 product availability
 price variability
 and product quality and production capacity shortfalls for externally purchased finished goods. The Company&#146;s operations in the Expansion Territories are more exposed to
this risk 
 



 
than the Company&#146;s operations in the Legacy Territories because
 with exceptions under which the Company may produce finished goods itself
 the Company is required under the CBAs for the
Expansion Territories to purchase finished goods from CCR and other authorized external sources in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Finished Goods Supply Agreement entered into by the Company at the closing of each Expansion Territory


The Company uses significant amounts of fuel in the distribution of its products. International or domestic geopolitical or other events
could impact the supply and cost of fuel and could impact the timely delivery of the Company&#146;s products to its customers. While the Company is working to reduce fuel consumption and manage the Company&#146;s fuel costs
 there can be no
assurance that the Company will succeed in limiting the impact on the Company&#146;s business or future cost increases. The Company may use derivative instruments to hedge some or all of the Company&#146;s projected diesel fuel and gasoline
purchases. These derivative instruments relate to fuel used in the Company&#146;s delivery fleet and other vehicles. Sustained upward pressure in these costs could reduce the profitability of the Company&#146;s operations. 
Sustained increases in workers&#146; compensation
 employment practices and vehicle accident claims costs could reduce the
The Company uses various insurance structures to manage its workers&#146; compensation
auto liability
 medical and other insurable risks. These structures consist of retentions
 deductibles
 limits and a diverse group of insurers that serve to strategically transfer and mitigate the financial impact of losses. The Company uses
commercial insurance for claims as a risk reduction strategy to minimize catastrophic losses. Losses are accrued using assumptions and procedures followed in the insurance industry
 adjusted for company-specific history and expectations. Although
the Company has actively sought to control increases in these costs
 there can be no assurance that the Company will succeed in limiting future cost increases. Sustained upward pressure in these costs could reduce the profitability of the
Sustained increases in the cost of employee benefits could reduce the Company&#146;s
The Company&#146;s profitability is substantially affected by the cost of pension retirement benefits
postretirement medical benefits and current employees&#146; medical benefits. In recent years
 the Company has experienced significant increases in these costs as a result of macro-economic factors beyond the Company&#146;s control
 including
increases in health care costs
 declines in investment returns on pension assets and changes in discount rates used to calculate pension and related liabilities. Although the Company has actively sought to control increases in these costs
 there can
be no assurance the Company will succeed in limiting future cost increases
 and continued upward pressure in these costs could reduce the profitability of the Company&#146;s operations. 
Product safety and quality concerns
 including concerns related to perceived artificiality of ingredients
 could negatively affect
The Company&#146;s success depends in large part on its ability to maintain consumer
confidence in the safety and quality of all its products. The Company has rigorous product safety and quality standards. However
 if beverage products taken to market are or become contaminated or adulterated
 the Company may be required to conduct
costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity
 which would cause its business to suffer. In addition
 regulatory actions
 activities by nongovernmental organizations and public debate and concerns
about perceived negative safety and quality consequences of certain ingredients in the Company&#146;s products
 such as non-nutritive sweeteners
 may erode consumers&#146; confidence in the safety and quality issues
 whether or not justified
 and
could result in additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing and labeling of the Company&#146;s products
 negative publicity
 or actual or threatened legal actions
 all of which could damage the reputation of the Company&#146;s
products and may reduce demand for the Company&#146;s products. 
 



Cybersecurity risks - technology failures or cyberattacks on the Company&#146;s
The Company
increasingly relies on information technology systems to process
 transmit and store electronic information. For example
 the Company&#146;s production and distribution facilities
 inventory management and driver handheld devices all utilize
information technology to maximize efficiencies and minimize costs. Furthermore
 a significant portion of the communication between personnel
 customers and suppliers depends on information technology. Like most companies
 the Company&#146;s
information technology systems may be vulnerable to interruption due to a variety of events beyond the Company&#146;s control
 including
 but not limited to
 natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
hackers and other security issues. The Company has technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate the Company&#146;s risk to these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to
Changes in interest rates could adversely affect the
As of February 28
 2015
 $153.0 million of the Company&#146;s debt and capital lease
obligations of $584.8 million were subject to changes in short-term interest rates. The Company&#146;s $350 million revolving credit facility is subject to changes in short-term interest rates. On February 28
 2015
 the Company had $153.0 million of
outstanding borrowings on the $350 million revolving credit facility. If interest rates increase in the future
 it could increase the Company&#146;s borrowing cost and it could reduce the Company&#146;s overall profitability. The Company&#146;s
pension and postretirement medical benefits costs are also subject to changes in interest rates. A decline in interest rates used to discount the Company&#146;s pension and postretirement medical liabilities could increase the cost of these benefits
The level of the Company&#146;s debt could restrict the Company&#146;s operating
As of February 28
2015
 the Company had $584.8 million of debt and capital lease obligations. The Company&#146;s level of debt requires the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s future cash flows from operations to the payment of principal
and interest
 thereby reducing the funds available to the Company for other purposes. The Company&#146;s debt can negatively impact the Company&#146;s operations by (1)&nbsp;limiting the Company&#146;s ability and/or increasing the cost to obtain
funding for working capital
 capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes
 including funding the cash purchase price of future territory expansions; (2)&nbsp;increasing the Company&#146;s vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse
industry conditions by limiting the Company&#146;s ability to react to changing economic and business conditions; and (3)&nbsp;exposing the Company to a risk that a significant decrease in cash flows from operations could make it difficult for the
The Company&#146;s credit ratings could be negatively
The Company&#146;s credit rating could be
significantly impacted by capital management activities of The Coca-Cola Company and/or changes in the credit ratings of The Coca-Cola Company. A lower credit rating could significantly increase the Company&#146;s interest costs or could have an

<FONT

 the
Company&#146;s failure to abide by laws
 orders or other legal commitments could subject the Company to fines
 penalties or other damages. 
 



Legislative changes that affect the Company&#146;s distribution
 packaging and
The Company&#146;s
business model is dependent on the availability of the Company&#146;s various products and packages in multiple channels and locations to better satisfy the needs of the Company&#146;s customers and consumers. Laws that restrict the Company&#146;s
ability to distribute products in schools and other venues
 as well as laws that require deposits for certain types of packages or those that limit the Company&#146;s ability to design new packages or market certain packages
 could negatively impact
In addition
 excise or other taxes imposed on the sale of certain of the Company&#146;s
products by the federal government and certain state and local governments could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing products of the Company. If enacted
 such taxes could materially affect the Company&#146;s business and financial results
particularly if they were enacted in a form that incorporated them into the shelf prices for the Company&#146;s products. 

In 2014
 the FDA proposed major changes to the nutrition labels required on all packaged foods and beverages
 including those for most of
the Company&#146;s products. If the proposed changes are adopted
 the Company and its competitors will be required to make nutrition label updates
 which include updating serving sizes
 including information about total calories in a beverage
product container and providing information about any added sugars or nutrients. If the pending FDA nutrition label changes proposed become final
 they will increase the Company&#146;s costs and could inhibit sales of one or more of the
Company&#146;s major products. The timeline for implementation of any final regulations adopted by the FDA regarding changes to required nutrition labels is currently expected to be a period of up to two years. 
Changes in income tax laws and increases in income tax rates could have a material adverse impact on the Company&#146;s financial
The Company is subject to income taxes within the United States. The Company&#146;s annual income tax rate is
based upon the Company&#146;s income and the federal tax laws and the various state tax laws within the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. Increases in federal or state income tax rates and changes in federal or state tax laws could have a
Additional taxes resulting from tax audits could
An assessment of additional taxes resulting from audits of
the Company&#146;s tax filings could have an adverse impact on the Company&#146;s profitability

<FONT

cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for the Company&#146;s products and contribute to lower sales
 which could adversely affect the Company&#146;s profitability for such periods. Prolonged drought
conditions in the geographic regions in which the Company does business could lead to restrictions on the use of water
 which could adversely affect the Company&#146;s ability to manufacture and distribute products and the Company&#146;s cost to do
Global climate change or legal
 regulatory
 or market responses to such change could adversely impact
There is some scientific sentiment that increased
concentrations of carbon dioxide
 methane and other greenhouse gases (&#147;GHGs&#148;) in the atmosphere may have been the dominant cause of observed warming of the earth&#146;s climate system since the mid-20th century
 and that continued emission
of GHGs could cause further warming and long-lasting changes in components of the global climate system
 potentially increasing the 
 



 
likelihood of severe
 pervasive and irreversible impacts for people and ecosystems. Changing weather patterns
 along with the increased frequency or duration of extreme weather and climate
events
 such as an increase in the number of heavy precipitation events
 could impact some of the Company&#146;s facilities and the availability or increase the cost of key raw materials that the Company uses to produce its products. In addition
Growing concern over the
effects of climate change
 including warming of the global climate system
 has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting GHG emissions. For example
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA) has proposed
regulations under the Clean Air Act to reduce GHG emissions from existing coal-fired power plants
 which are expected to become final in 2015
 that would require each state to submit a plan specifying how it would reduce GHG emissions from existing
coal-fired power plants located within its borders It is anticipated that when the states implement their plans they could lead to the eventual closing of many of these plants. These USEPA proposed regulations or future laws enacted or regulations
adopted to limit GHG emissions that directly or indirectly affect the Company&#146;s production
 distribution
 packaging
 cost of raw materials
 fuel
 ingredients and water could all impact the Company&#146;s business and financial results.
Issues surrounding labor relations could adversely impact the Company&#146;s future profitability and/or its operating
Approximately 6% of the Company&#146;s employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. The
inability to renegotiate subsequent agreements on satisfactory terms and conditions could result in work interruptions or stoppages
 which could have a material impact on the profitability of the Company. Also
 the terms and conditions of existing
or renegotiated agreements could increase costs
 or otherwise affect the Company&#146;s ability to fully implement operational changes to improve overall efficiency. Two collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 5% of the
Company&#146;s employees expired during 2014 and the Company entered into new agreements in 2014. One collective bargaining agreement covering approximately .3% of the Company&#146;s employees will expire during 2015. 
The Company&#146;s ability to change distribution methods and business practices could be negatively affected by United States
Litigation filed by some United States bottlers of Coca-Cola products indicates
that disagreements may exist within the Coca-Cola bottler system concerning distribution methods and business practices. Although the litigation has been resolved
 disagreements among various Coca-Cola bottlers could adversely affect the
Obesity and other health concerns may
Consumers
 public health officials
 public health advocates and
government officials are becoming increasingly concerned about the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people. In The production and marketing of beverages are subject to the rules and regulations of the FDA
and other federal
 state and local health agencies. The FDA also regulates the labeling of containers under The Nutrition Labeling and Education Act of 1990. The Nutrition Facts label has not changed significantly since it was first introduced in
1994. In March 2014
 the FDA proposed new rules that would result in major changes to nutrition labels on all food packages
 including the packaging for the Company&#146;s products
 that would
 among other things
 require those labels to display
caloric counts in large type
 reflect larger portion sizes and display on a separate line on the label the amount of sugars that are added to the product. If these proposed rules are adopted by the FDA
 the Company expects to have up to two years to
put the required labeling changes into effect on the packaging for the products it manufactures and distributes. In addition
 some researchers
 health advocates and dietary guidelines are encouraging consumers to reduce the consumption of sugar
including sugar sparkling beverages. Increasing public concern about these issues
 possible new taxes and governmental regulations concerning the production
 marketing
 labeling or availability of the Company&#146;s beverages
 and negative

 



 
publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against the Company or other companies in the same industry relating to the marketing
 labeling or sale of sugar sparkling beverages
may reduce demand for these beverages
The Company has
experienced public policy challenges regarding the sale of soft drinks in schools
 particularly elementary


schools. The focus has more recently turned to the growing health
 nutrition and obesity concerns of today&#146;s youth. The impact of restrictive legislation
 if widely enacted
 could have an adverse impact on the Company&#146;s products
 image and
If the financing of any future territory or other acquisitions involves issuing additional equity
securities
 their issuance would be dilutive and could affect the market price of the Company&#146;s Common Stock. 
Acquisitions of the distribution assets of CCR in the Expansion Territory transactions completed to date have been financed with available
cash or by draws on our revolving credit facility. The Company may fund any future territory or other acquisition transactions through the use of existing cash
 cash equivalents or investments
 debt financing
 including draws on the Company&#146;s
revolving credit facility
 the issuance of equity securities
 or a combination of the foregoing. Any future acquisitions of additional distribution or other assets that are financed in whole or in part by issuing additional shares of the
Company&#146;s Common Stock would be dilutive
The


 including the Company&#146;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
 J. Frank Harrison
 III
 beneficially own shares of Common Stock and Class B Common Stock representing
approximately 86% of the total voting power of the Company&#146;s outstanding capital stock. In addition
 three members of the Harrison family
 including Mr.&nbsp;Harrison
 serve on the Board of Directors of the Company. As a result
 members of the
Harrison family have the ability to exert substantial influence or actual control over the Company&#146;s management and affairs and over substantially all matters requiring action by the Company&#146;s stockholders. Additionally
 as a result of the
Harrison family&#146;s significant beneficial ownership of the Company&#146;s outstanding voting stock
 the Company has relied on the &#147;controlled company&#148; exemption from certain corporate governance requirements of The NASDAQ Stock Market
LLC. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control otherwise favored by the Company&#146;s other stockholders and could depress the stock price. It also limits other stockholders&#146; ability to
influence corporate matters and
 as a result
 the Company may take actions that the Company&#146;s other stockholders may not view as beneficial. 





 








 2015
 the principal properties of the Company include its corporate headquarters
 4 production/distribution facilities and 48 sales distribution centers. The Company owns 2
production/distribution facilities and 36 sales distribution centers
 and leases its corporate headquarters
 2 production/distribution facilities
 8 sales distribution centers and 3 additional storage warehouses. 




































(in&nbsp;
millions)




Charlotte
&nbsp;NC


175
000
















Charlotte
 NC


647
000
















Nashville
&nbsp;TN


330
000
















Charlotte
 NC


278
000
















Lavergne
 TN


220
000
















Charleston
&nbsp;SC


50
000
















Greenville
 SC


57
000
















Roanoke
 VA


111
000
















Clayton
 NC


233
000
















Roanoke
 VA


316
000
















Mobile
 AL


271
000
















Louisville
 KY


300
000

















Includes two adjacent buildings totaling 175
000 square feet 



Includes a 542
000 square foot production center and adjacent 105
000 square foot distribution center 



















Charlotte
 North Carolina





Mobile
 Alabama





Nashville
 Tennessee





Roanoke
 Virginia









The Company currently has sufficient production capacity to meet its operational requirements. In addition to the production facilities
noted above
 the Company utilizes a portion of the production capacity at SAC
 a cooperative located in Bishopville
 South Carolina
 that owns a 261
000 square foot production facility. 
The Company&#146;s products are generally transported to sales distribution facilities for storage pending sale. The number of sales
distribution facilities by market area as of February&nbsp;28
 2015 was as follows: 










Number&nbsp;
of





























































(1) Includes two sales distribution facilities acquired in the Expansion Territories on January 30
 2015. 
(2) Includes two sales distribution facilities acquired in the Expansion Territories on February 27
 2015. 
 



The Company&#146;s facilities are all in good condition and are adequate for the
The Company also operates approximately 1
930 vehicles in the sale and
distribution of the Company&#146;s beverage products
 of which approximately 1
230 are route delivery trucks. In addition
 the Company owns approximately 218
500 beverage dispensing and vending machines for the sale of the Company&#146;s products in
the Company&#146;s bottling territories. 





proceedings
 management believes that the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition
 cash flows or results of operations of the Company. No material amount of loss in excess of recorded
amounts is believed to be reasonably possible as a result of these claims and legal proceedings. 





 



 
The following is a list of names and ages of all the executive officers of the Company indicating all positions and offices with the


 III
 age 60
 is Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Harrison
 III was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors in December 1996.
Mr.&nbsp;Harrison
 III served as Vice Chairman from November 1987 through December 1996 and was appointed as the Company&#146;s Chief Executive Officer in May 1994. He was first employed by the Company in 1977 and has served as a Division Sales
Manager and as a Vice President. 
 age 60
 is President and Chief Operating Officer
 a position he has
held since August 2012. Previously
 he was Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
 a position he held since April 2007. Previously
 he was Executive Vice President and Assistant to the Chairman of the Company
 a position to which he
was appointed in July 2004. Prior to that
 he was a Managing Partner at the law firm of Kennedy Covington Lobdell&nbsp;&amp; Hickman
 L.L.P. with which he was associated from 1980 to 2004. 

 age 59
 is Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
 a position he has held since August 2012. Previously
 he was
President and Chief Operating Officer and a Director of the Company
 positions he held since January 2001. Prior to January 2001
 he was Vice President
 Value Chain from July 1999 and Vice President
 Business Systems from August 1998 to June 1999.
He was Vice President
 Treasurer from June 1996 to July 1998. He was Vice President
 Regional Manager for the Virginia Division
 West Virginia Division and Tennessee Division from August 1991 to May 1996. 

 age 48
 is Vice President
 Chief Accounting Officer. His previous position of Vice President
 Operations
Finance and Chief Accounting Officer began in November 2010. He was first employed by the Company on February&nbsp;20
 2006 with the title of Vice President
 Controller and Chief Accounting Officer. Before joining the Company
 he was Senior Vice
President
 Interim Chief Financial Officer and Corporate Controller of Portrait Corporation of America
 Inc.
 a portrait photography studio company
 from September 2005 to January 2006 and Senior Vice President
 Corporate Controller from August 2001
to September 2005. Prior to that
 he served as Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer of Tailored Management
 a long-term staffing company
 from August 2000 to August 2001. Portrait Corporation of America
 Inc. filed a voluntary petition for
reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in August 2006. 
 age 49
 is Senior Vice
President
 Sales
 Field Operations and Marketing
 a position he has held since August 2010. Previously
 he was Senior Vice President
 Sales
 a position he held since June 2008. He held the position of Vice President &#151; Franchise Sales from early
2003 to June 2008 and Region Sales Manager for our Southern Division between 2000 and 2003. He was Sales Manager in the Company&#146;s Columbia
 South Carolina branch between 1997 and 2000. He has served the Company in several other positions prior
CLIFFORD M. DEAL
 III
 age 53
 is Vice President and
Treasurer
 a position he has held since June 1999. Previously
 he was Director of Compensation and Benefits from October 1997 to May 1999. He was Corporate Benefits Manager from December 1995 to September 1997 and was Manager of Tax Accounting from
November 1993 to November 1995. 
 age 59
 is President
 BYB Brands
 Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of
the Company that distributes and markets Tum-E Yummies and other products developed by the Company
 a position he has held since July 2006. Prior to that
 he was Senior Vice President
 Chief Marketing and Customer Officer
 a position he was
appointed to in September 2001. Prior to that
 he was Vice President
 Marketing and National Sales
 a position he was appointed to in December 1999. Prior to that
 he was Vice President
 Corporate Sales
 a position he had held since August 1998.
Previously
 he was Vice President
 Sales for the Carolinas South Region
 a position he held beginning in November 1991. 
 



JAMES E. HARRIS
 
 is Senior Vice President
 Shared Services and Chief
Financial Officer
 a position he has held since January&nbsp;28
 2008. He served as a Director of the Company from August 2003 until January&nbsp;25
 2008 and was a member of the Audit Committee and the Finance Committee. He served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer of MedCath Corporation
 an operator of cardiovascular hospitals
 from December 1999 to January 2008. From 1998 to 1999
 he was Chief Financial Officer of Fresh Foods
 Inc.
 a manufacturer of fully cooked food
products. From 1987 to 1998
 he served in several different officer positions with The Shelton Companies
 Inc. He also served two years with Ernst&nbsp;&amp; Young LLP as a senior accountant. 

 age 57
 is Senior Vice President
 Planning and Administration
 a position he has held since January 1995. Prior
to that
 he was Vice President
 Planning
DAVID M. KATZ

 is
Senior Vice President
 a position he has held since January 2013. Previously
 he was Senior Vice President Midwest Region for Coca-Cola Refreshments (&#147;CCR&#148;) a position he began in 2011. Prior to the formation of CCR
 he was Vice President
Sales Operations for Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.&#146;s (&#147;CCE&#148;) East Business Unit. In 2008
 he was promoted to President and Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Bottlers&#146; Sales and Services Company
 LLC. He began his Coca-Cola career
in 1993 with CCE as a Logistics Consultant. 
 age 60
 is Senior Vice President
 Corporate Affairs
 a
position to which he was appointed in March 2012. Prior to that
 he was Vice President of Corporate Affairs
 a position he had held since May 1989. He is responsible for governmental
 media and community relations for the Company. 
MICHAEL A. STRONG

 is Senior Vice President
 Employee Integration and Transition
 a position he has held since December
2014. Prior to December 2014
 he was Senior Vice President
 Human Resources
 a position he was appointed in March 2011. Previously
 he was Vice President of Human Resources
 a position to which he was appointed in December 2009. He was Region Sales
Manager for the North Carolina West Region from December 2006 to November 2009. Prior to that
 he served as Division Sales Manager and General Manager as well as other key sales related positions. He joined the Company in 1985 when the Company
acquired Coca-Cola Bottling Company in Mobile
 Alabama
 where he began his career. 
 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
The Company has two classes of common stock outstanding
 Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. The Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ
Global Select Market under the symbol COKE. The table below sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low reported sales prices per share of Common Stock. There is no established public trading market for the Class B Common Stock. Shares of
Class B Common Stock are convertible on a share-for-share basis into shares of Common Stock. 






















































































































A quarterly dividend rate of $.25 per share on both Common Stock and Class B Common Stock was maintained
throughout 2014 and 2013. Shares of Common Stock and Class B Common Stock have participated equally in dividends since 1994. 
Pursuant to the Company&#146;s certificate of incorporation
 no cash dividend or dividend of property or stock other than stock of the
Company
 as specifically described in the certificate of incorporation
 may be declared and paid on the Class B Common Stock unless an equal or greater dividend is declared and paid on the Common Stock. 
The amount and frequency of future dividends will be determined by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors in light of the earnings and
financial condition of the Company at such time


 as of February&nbsp;27
 2015
 was 2
582 and 10
 respectively. 
On March&nbsp;3
 2015 and March&nbsp;4
 2014
 the Compensation Committee determined that 40
000 shares of restricted Class B Common Stock
$1.00 par value
 should be issued (pursuant to a Performance Unit Award Agreement approved in 2008) to J. Frank Harrison
 III
 in connection with his services in 2014 and 2013 as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the
Company. As permitted under the terms of the Performance Unit Award Agreement
 19
080 and 19
100
 respectively
 of such shares were settled in cash to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the vesting of the performance units
related to both the 2014 and 2013 awards. The shares issued to Mr.&nbsp;Harrison
 III were issued without registration under the Securities Act of 1933 (the &#147;Securities Act&#148;) in reliance on Section&nbsp;4(2) of the Securities Act.
Presented below is a line graph comparing the yearly percentage change in the cumulative total return on the Company&#146;s
Common Stock to the cumulative total return of the Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index and a peer group for the period commencing January&nbsp;3
 2010 and ending December&nbsp;28
 2014. The peer group is comprised of Dr Pepper Snapple Group
Inc.
 The Coca-Cola Company
 Cott Corporation
 National Beverage Corp. and PepsiCo
 Inc. 
 



The graph assumes that $100 was invested in the Company&#146;s Common Stock
 the
Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s 500 Index and the peer group on January&nbsp;3
 2010 and that all dividends were reinvested on a quarterly basis. Returns for the companies included in the peer group have been weighted on the basis of the total
market capitalization for each company. 
Among Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
 the S&amp;P 500 Index
 and a Peer Group 


 






































































































Peer
Group

























 








 2014. The data is derived from audited consolidated financial statements of
the Company. 







































































1
746
369



1
641
331



1
614
433



1
561
239



1
514
599





1
041
130



982
691



960
124



931
996



873
783


Selling
 delivery and administrative expenses


619
272



584
993



565
623



541
713



544
498



























1
660
402



1
567
684



1
525
747



1
473
709



1
418
281



























85
967



73
647



88
686



87
530



96
318


Interest expense
 net


29
272



29
403



35
338



35
979



35
127


Other income (expense)
 net


(1
077











































55
618



44
244



53
348



51
551



61
191





19
536



12
142



21
889



19
528



21
649



























36
082



32
102



31
459



32
023



39
542





4
728



4
427



4
242



3
415



3
485



























31
354



27
675



27
217



28
608



36
057























































































































































































































































1
433
076



1
276
156



1
283
474



1
362
425



1
307
622









20
000



20
000



120
000









6
446



5
939



5
230



4
574



3
866





52
604



59
050



64
351



69
480



55
395





444
759



378
566



403
386



403
219



523
063





183
609



191
320



135
259



129
470



126
064





See Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements for
additional information. 
 







The following Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (&#147;M
D&amp;A&#148;) of
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (the &#147;Company&#148;) should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of the Company and the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
The fiscal years presented are the 52-week periods ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 (&#147;2014&#148;)
 December&nbsp;29
 2013
(&#147;2013&#148;) and December&nbsp;30
 2012 (&#147;2012&#148;). The Company&#146;s fiscal year ends on the Sunday closest to December&nbsp;31 of each year. Fiscal 2015 will be a 53-week year. 
The consolidated financial statements include the consolidated operations of the Company and its majority-owned subsidiaries including
Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership (&#147;Piedmont&#148;). Noncontrolling interest consists of The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s interest in Piedmont
 which was 22.7% for all periods presented. 
Piedmont is the Company&#146;s only significant subsidiary that has a noncontrolling interest. Noncontrolling interest income of $4.7
million in 2014
 $4.4 million in 2013 and $4.2 million in 2012 are included in net income on the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations. In addition
 the amount of consolidated net income attributable to both the Company and
noncontrolling interest are shown on the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations. Noncontrolling interest primarily related to Piedmont totaled $73.3 million and $68.6 million at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013


 the Company announced a limited Lump Sum Window distribution of present valued pension benefits to terminated plan participants meeting certain criteria. The benefit election window was open
during the third quarter of 2013 and benefit distributions occurred during the fourth quarter of 2013. Based upon the number of plan participants electing to take the lump-sum distribution and the total amount of such distributions
 the Company
incurred a noncash charge of $12.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 when the distributions were made in accordance with the relevant accounting standards. The reduction in the number of plan participants and the reduction of plan assets reduced
the cost of administering the pension plan. 
In April 2013
 the Company announced that it had signed a non-binding letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to expand the
Company&#146;s franchise territory to include distribution rights in parts of Tennessee
 Kentucky and Indiana that were served by CCR. On May&nbsp;23
 2014
 the Company closed the first of several transactions implementing this territory expansion
covering the Morristown and Johnson City
 Tennessee territories served by CCR. On October&nbsp;24
 2014
 the Company closed the second transaction covering the Knoxville
 Tennessee territory previously served by CCR. The financial results for the
Expansion Territories have been included in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements from their acquisition dates. These territories contributed $45.1 million in sales and $3.4 million in operating income in 2014. 
On October&nbsp;17
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset exchange agreement pursuant to which CCR has agreed to exchange
certain assets of CCR relating to the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the territory currently served by CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Lexington
 Kentucky (including the rights
to produce such beverages in the Lexington
 Kentucky Territory) for certain assets of the Company relating to the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the territory currently served by the
Company&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Jackson
 Tennessee (including the rights to produce such beverages in the Jackson
 Tennessee Territory). The Company and CCR anticipate the closing of the transactions contemplated by the exchange
On January&nbsp;30
 2015
 the Company closed an expansion transaction covering the
Cleveland and Cookeville
 Tennessee territories previously served by CCR. On February&nbsp;27
 2015
 the Company closed an expansion transaction covering the Louisville
 Kentucky and Evansville
 Indiana territories previously served by CCR. The
aggregate purchase price paid by the Company for both territories in cash at closing for the transferred assets
 after deducting the value of certain retained assets and retained liabilities was approximately $33.6 million. The amounts paid remain
subject to post-closing adjustments. 
 



On February&nbsp;13
 2015
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset purchase agreement
covering the Paducah and Pikeville
 Kentucky territories previously served by CCR. The Company expects the transaction to close in Spring 2015. When the Paducah and Pikeville asset purchase transaction and the Jackson-for-Lexington exchange
transaction described above are consummated
 the expansion of the geographic regions served by the Company contemplated by the letter of intent the Company and The Coca-Cola Company signed in April 2013 will be complete. 



















































1
124
802



1
063
154



1
073
071





279
138



247
561



233
895



















1
403
940



1
310
715



1
306
966



















162
346



166
476



152
401





180
083



164
140



155
066



















342
429



330
616



307
467



















1
746
369



1
641
331



1
614
433

















 product innovation and beverage portfolio expansion
 distribution cost management
 and productivity. 


 highly effective working relationships with customers and
disciplined fact-based decision-making. Revenue management has been and continues to be a key driver which has a significant impact on the Company&#146;s results of operations. 

Innovation of both new brands and packages has been and is expected to continue to be important to the Company&#146;s overall revenue. New
 Life
 the 1.25-liter bottle
 7.5-ounce sleek can
 253 ml and 300 ml bottles
 and the 2-liter contour bottle for Coca-Cola
products. 
Distribution costs represent the costs of transporting finished goods from Company locations to customer outlets. Total distribution costs
amounted to $211.6 million
 $201.0 million and $200.0 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Over the past several years
 the Company has focused on converting its distribution system from a conventional routing system to a predictive system.
This conversion to a predictive system has allowed the Company to more efficiently handle increasing numbers of products. In addition
 the Company has closed a number of smaller sales distribution centers reducing its fixed warehouse-related costs.







bulk delivery for large supermarkets
 mass merchandisers and club stores; 






advanced sale delivery for convenience stores
 drug stores
 small supermarkets and on-premises accounts; and 








 



 
A key driver in the Company&#146;s selling
 delivery and administrative (&#147;S
D&amp;A&#148;) expense management relates to ongoing
improvements in labor productivity and asset productivity. 














$12.9 million pre-tax S
D&amp;A expenses related to the Company&#146;s franchise territory expansion; and 













a $3.1 million pre-tax favorable adjustment to net sales related to a refund of 2012 cooperative trade marketing funds paid by the Company to The
Coca-Cola Company that were not spent in 2012; 





$5.0 million pre-tax S
D&amp;A expenses related to the Company&#146;s franchise territory expansion; 




















a $1.5 million increase to income tax expense to increase the valuation allowance for certain deferred tax assets of the Company.

 





results for 2014 and 2013 follows: 
















































1
746
369



1
641
331



105
038









1
041
130



982
691



58
439



























705
239



658
640



46
599






S
D&amp;A expenses


619
272



584
993



34
279



























85
967



73
647



12
320






Interest expense
 net


29
272



29
403










Other income (expense)
 net


(1
077







(1
077



























55
618



44
244



11
374









19
536



12
142



7
394



























36
082



32
102



3
980









4
728



4
427

















































31
354



27
675



3
679





































































































































 or 6.4%






















5.9% increase in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume increase in still beverages (3.2% of volume increase related to Expansion
Territories)



































1.8% increase in sales price per unit of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers primarily due to a higher percentage of energy products and still beverages which have higher sales
price per unit than sparkling beverages (excluding energy products)

















































 



The 2.7% increase in bottle/can volume to retail customers (excluding Expansion Territories)
represented a .7% increase in sparkling beverages and an 11.5% increase in still beverages. The growth trajectory and driving factors of sparkling and still beverages are different. Sparkling beverages other than energy beverages are in a mature
state and have a lower growth trajectory
 while still beverages and energy beverages have a higher growth trajectory primarily driven by changing customer preferences. Volume of both sparkling and still beverages was negatively impacted by cooler
and wetter than normal weather in most of the Company&#146;s territories during the first and second quarters of 2013. The Company believes volume would have been higher in both sparkling and still beverages in 2013 had it not been for the cooler
In 2014
 the Company&#146;s bottle/can sales to retail customers accounted for 80.4% of the
Company&#146;s total net sales. Bottle/can net pricing is based on the invoice price charged to customers reduced by promotional allowances. Bottle/can net pricing per unit is impacted by the price charged per package
 the volume generated in each
Product category sales volume in 2014 and 2013 as a percentage of
total bottle/can sales volume and the percentage change by product category were as follows: 







































































































The Company&#146;s products are sold and distributed through various channels. They include selling
directly to retail stores and other outlets such as food markets
 institutional accounts and vending machine outlets. During 2014
 approximately 68% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume was sold for future consumption
 while the remaining
bottle/can volume of approximately 32% was sold for immediate consumption. The Company&#146;s largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 22% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume and approximately 15% of the
Company&#146;s total net sales during 2014. The Company&#146;s second largest customer
 Food Lion
 LLC
 accounted for approximately 9% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume and approximately 6% of the Company&#146;s total net sales during
The Company recorded delivery fees in


manufacturing labor
 manufacturing overhead including depreciation expense
 manufacturing warehousing costs and shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to sales distribution centers.
Cost of sales increased 5.9%
 or $58.4 million
 to $1.04 billion in 2014 compared to $982.7 million in 2013. 
 



This increase in cost of sales was principally attributable to the following (in millions):





















5.9% increase in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume increase in still beverages (3.2% of volume increase related to Expansion
Territories)












































Increase in cost of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers
 primarily due to a higher percentage of energy products and still beverages which have higher cost per unit than other
sparkling beverages (excluding energy products)

























































The following inputs represent a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s total cost of goods sold:
(1)&nbsp;sweeteners
 (2)&nbsp;packaging materials
 including plastic bottles and aluminum cans


 syrups and finished
products to the Company make substantial marketing and advertising expenditures to promote sales in the local territories served by the Company. The Company also benefits from national advertising programs conducted by The Coca-Cola Company and
other beverage companies. Certain of the marketing expenditures by The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies are made pursuant to annual arrangements. Total marketing funding support from The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies
which includes direct payments to the Company and payments to customers for marketing programs


 or $46.6 million
 to
$705.2 million in 2014 compared to $658.6 million in 2013. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 40.4% in 2014 from 40.1% in 2013. 
 



This increase in gross margin was principally attributable to the following (in millions):





















5.9% increase in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume increase in still beverages (3.2% of volume increase related to Expansion
Territories)



































1.8% increase in sales price per unit of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers primarily due to a higher percentage of energy products and still beverages which have higher sales
price per unit than sparkling beverages (excluding energy products)

















Increase in cost of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers (primarily due to higher percentage of energy products and still beverages which have higher cost per unit than other
sparkling beverages (excluding energy products))
















































The Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other peer companies
 since some of them include
all costs related to their distribution network in cost of sales. The Company includes a portion of these costs in S


S
D&amp;A expenses include the following: sales
management labor costs
 distribution costs from sales distribution centers to customer locations
 sales distribution center warehouse costs
 depreciation expense related to sales centers
 delivery vehicles and cold drink equipment
 point-of-sale
expenses
 advertising expenses
 cold drink equipment repair costs
 amortization of intangibles and administrative support labor and operating costs such as treasury
 legal
 information services
 accounting
 internal control services
 human resources
S
D&amp;A expenses increased by $34.3 million
 or 5.9%
 to $619.3 million in 2014 from $585.0
million in 2013. S
D&amp;A expenses as a percentage of sales remained relatively unchanged (35.5% in 2014 and 35.6% in 2013). 
 



This increase in S
D&amp;A expenses was principally attributable to the following (in
millions): 




















Increase in employee salaries and related payroll taxes excluding bonus and incentives due to normal salary increases and additional personnel ($7.6 million related to the
Expansion Territories)

















Increase in bonus expense
 incentive expense and other performance pay initiatives due to the Company&#146;s financial performance








Increase in expenses related to the Company&#146;s franchise territory expansion
 primarily professional fees related to due diligence and consulting fees related to
infrastructure

















Increase in depreciation and amortization of property
 plant and equipment primarily due to assets acquired in Expansion Territories
































Total increase in S
D&amp;A expenses






Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
sales distribution centers are included in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in S
D&amp;A expenses and totaled $211.6 million and
$201.0 million in 2014 and 2013
The Company recorded in S
D&amp;A expenses a benefit related to the two
Company-sponsored pension plans of $0.2 million in 2014 and an expense of $1.3 million in 2013


 the Company&#146;s 401(k)
Savings Plan matching contribution was discretionary with the Company having the option to make matching contributions for eligible participants of up to 5% of eligible participants&#146; contributions. The 5% matching contribution was accrued
during 2013 and paid in the first quarter of 2014. During 2014
 the Company matched the first 3.5% of participants&#146; contributions
 while maintaining the option to increase the matching contributions an additional 1.5%
 for a total of 5%
 for
the Company&#146;s employees based on the financial results for 2014. Based on the Company&#146;s financial results
 the Company decided to make the additional matching contribution of 1.5%. The Company made this contribution payment in the first
quarter of 2015. The total expense for this benefit recorded in S
D&amp;A expenses was $7.7 million and $7.3 million in 2014 and 2013


 the Employers-Teamsters Local Union Nos. 175 and 505 Pension Fund (&#147;the Plan&#148;)
 to which the Company makes monthly
contributions on behalf of such employees. The Plan was certified by the Plan&#146;s actuary as being in &#147;critical&#148; status for the plan year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2013. As a result
 the Plan adopted a &#147;Rehabilitation Plan&#148;
effective January&nbsp;1
 2015. The Company agreed and incorporated such agreement in the renewal of the collective bargaining agreement with the union
 effective April&nbsp;28
 2014
 to participate in the Rehabilitation Plan. The Company will


April 2014 to be approximately $4.5 million. The Company does not currently anticipate withdrawing from the Plan. 
 



 
Net interest expense decreased .4%
 or $0.1 million in 2014 compared to 2013. The Company&#146;s overall weighted average interest rate on
its debt and capital lease obligations decreased to 5.7% during 2014 from 5.8% during 2013. 
The Company&#146;s effective tax rate
 as calculated by dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes
 for 2014 and 2013 was
35.1% and 27.4%
 respectively. The increase in the effective tax rate for 2014 resulted primarily from state tax legislation that reduced the corporate tax rate in 2013
 the American Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January&nbsp;2
 2013
 and
adjustments to the liability for uncertain tax positions. The Company&#146;s effective tax rate
 as calculated by dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes less net income attributable to noncontrolling interest
 for 2014 and 2013
was 38.4% and 30.5%
The Company increased its valuation allowance by $1.2 million and $0.3 million for 2014 and
2013
 respectively. The net effect was an increase for both years to income tax expense primarily due to the Company&#146;s assessment of its ability to use certain loss carryforwards. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information. 
The Company recorded net income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $4.7 million in 2014 compared to $4.4 million in 2013 related
to the portion of Piedmont owned by The Coca-Cola Company. 
Other comprehensive loss (net of tax) in 2014 of $31.7 million was due primarily to actuarial losses on the Company&#146;s pension and
postretirement benefit plans. These losses were primarily driven by decreases in the discount rate in 2014
 as compared to 2013. In addition
 the Company adopted new mortality tables in 2014
 contributing to the actuarial losses. 


production processes
 types of customers
 methods of distribution
 and nature of the regulatory environment. The combined reportable segment
 Nonalcoholic Beverages
 represents the vast majority of the Company&#146;s net sales and operating income
for all periods presented. None of the remaining three operating segments individually meet the quantitative thresholds in ASC 280 for separate reporting. As a result
 the discussion of the Company&#146;s operations is focused on the consolidated
results. Below is a breakdown of the Company&#146;s net sales and operating income by reportable segment. 

































1
710
040



1
613
309





123
194



108
224





(86
865



(80
202















1
746
369



1
641
331

























82
297



66
084





3
670



7
563















85
967



73
647












 





results for 2013 and 2012 follows: 
















































1
641
331



1
614
433



26
898









982
691



960
124



22
567



























658
640



654
309



4
331






S
D&amp;A expenses


584
993



565
623



19
370



























73
647



88
686



(15
039






Interest expense
 net


29
403



35
338



(5
935



























44
244



53
348



(9
104









12
142



21
889



(9
747



























32
102



31
459













4
427



4
242

















































27
675



27
217








































































































































 





 or 1.7%































1.0% increase in bottle/can sales price per unit to retail customers primarily due to an increase in sales price per unit in sparkling beverages
 excluding energy
products








0.9% decrease in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume decrease in sparkling beverages
 excluding energy products





















































0.7% decrease in sales price per unit of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers
 primarily due to an increase in sparkling beverage volume which has a lower sales price per unit than
still beverages


































The refund was based on updated information related to collective marketing funds paid by the Company and other non-related bottlers maintained by The Coca-Cola
Company
 which was not available until the third quarter of 2013. The amount previously paid and expensed by the Company was in accordance with the agreed upon contractual rate and the refund represented a change in estimate.
Although the total bottle/can volume decreased by 0.9%
 primarily due to volume decrease in sparkling beverages
significant growth in volume of still beverages helped to offset the decrease. The growth trajectory and driving factors of sparkling and still beverages are different. Sparkling beverages other than energy beverages are in a mature state and have a
lower growth trajectory
 while still beverages and energy beverages have a higher growth trajectory primarily driven by changing customer preferences. Although volume of sparkling beverages declined and volume of still beverages increased
 the
volume of both was negatively impacted by the cooler and wetter than normal weather in most of the Company&#146;s territories during the first and second quarters of 2013. The Company believes volume would have been higher in both sparkling and
In 2013
 the Company&#146;s bottle/can
sales to retail customers accounted for 80% of the Company&#146;s total net sales. Bottle/can net pricing is based on the invoice price charged to customers reduced by promotional allowances. Bottle/can net pricing per unit is impacted by the price
charged per package
 the volume generated in each package and the channels in which those packages are sold. 
 



Product category sales volume in 2013 and 2012 as a percentage of total bottle/can sales
volume and the percentage change by product category were as follows: 





















Bottle/Can&nbsp;Sales&nbsp;
Volume
















































































The Company&#146;s products are sold and distributed through various channels. They include selling
directly to retail stores and other outlets such as food markets
 institutional accounts and vending machine outlets. During 2013
 approximately 68% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume was sold for future consumption
 while the remaining
bottle/can volume of approximately 32% was sold for immediate consumption. The Company&#146;s largest customer
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc.
 accounted for approximately 21% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume and approximately 15% of the
Company&#146;s total net sales during 2013. The Company&#146;s second largest customer
 Food Lion
 LLC
 accounted for approximately 8% of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume and approximately 6% of the Company&#146;s total net sales during
The Company recorded delivery fees in


 or $22.6 million
 to $982.7
This increase in cost of sales was principally attributable to the
following (in millions): 





























0.9% decrease in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume decrease in sparkling beverages
 excluding energy products





























Decrease in per unit cost of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers primarily due to an increase in sparkling can sales volume which has a lower cost per unit than still
beverages
























Total marketing funding support from The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies
 which includes
direct payments to the Company in 2013 and includes direct payments to the Company and payments to the Company&#146;s customers for marketing programs in 2012
 was $51.7 million in 2013 compared to $53.6 million in 2012. 
 





 or $4.3 million
 to $658.6 million in 2013 compared to $654.3 million in 2012. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased to 40.1% in 2013 from 40.5% in 2012.






















1.0% increase in bottle/can sales price per unit to retail customers primarily due to an increase in sales price per unit in sparkling beverages
 excluding energy
products

















0.9% decrease in bottle/can volume to retail customers primarily due to a volume decrease in sparkling beverages
 excluding energy products












































Decrease in per unit cost of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers primarily due to an increase in sparkling can sales volume which has a lower cost per unit than still
beverages


























0.7% decrease in sales price per unit of sales to other Coca-Cola bottlers primarily due to an increase in sparkling beverage volume which has a lower sales price per unit than
still beverages


































The refund was based on updated information related to collective marketing funds paid by the Company and other non-related bottlers maintained by The Coca-Cola
Company
 which was not available until the third quarter of 2013. The amount previously paid and expensed by the Company was in accordance with the agreed upon contractual rate and the refund represented a change in estimate.
The decrease in gross margin percentage was primarily due to higher sales volume to other Coca-Cola bottlers
which has lower gross margin than bottle/can retail sales
 an increase in raw material costs and increased purchases of finished products partially offset by higher sales price per unit for sales to retail customers and the refund of the 2012
The Company&#146;s gross margins may not be comparable to other peer companies
 since some
of them include all costs related to their distribution network in cost of sales. The Company includes a portion of these costs in S


S
D&amp;A expenses increased by $19.4 million
 or 3.4%
to $585.0 million in 2013 from $565.6 million in 2012. S
D&amp;A expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 35.6% in 2013 from 35.0% in 2012. 
 



This increase in S
D&amp;A expenses was principally attributable to the following (in
millions): 






































Increase in bonus expense
 incentive expense and other performance pay initiatives due to the Company&#146;s financial performance








Decrease in depreciation and amortization of property
 plant and equipment primarily due to the change in the useful lives of certain vending equipment








Increase in employee benefit costs primarily due to increased medical insurance expense offset by decreased pension expense
 excluding the lump-sum pension
settlement









































Total increase in S
D&amp;A expenses






Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to
sales distribution centers are included in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in S
D&amp;A expenses and totaled $201.0 million and
$200.0 million in 2013 and 2012
The Company&#146;s expense recorded in S
D&amp;A expenses related to the two
Company-sponsored pension plans was $1.3 million and $2.5 million in 2013 and 2012
 respectively


 the Company changed the
Company&#146;s 401(k) Savings Plan matching contribution from fixed to discretionary
 maintaining the option to make matching contributions for eligible participants of up to 5% based on the Company&#146;s financial results for 2012 and future
years. The 5% matching contribution was accrued during both 2013 and 2012. Based on the Company&#146;s financial results
 the Company decided to match 5% of eligible participants&#146; contributions for both 2013 and 2012. The Company made these
contribution payments for 2013 and 2012 in the first quarter of 2014 and 2013
 respectively. The total expense for this benefit recorded in S
D&amp;A expenses was $7.3 million and $7.2 million in 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 


 or $5.9 million in 2013 compared to 2012. The decrease was primarily due to the repayment at maturity of $150 million of Senior Notes in November 2012. The


 as calculated by
dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes
 for 2013 and 2012 was 27.4% and 41.0%
 respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate for 2013 resulted primarily from state tax legislation enacted in 2013 that reduced the corporate
tax rate
 the American Taxpayer Relief Act enacted on January&nbsp;2
 2013
 a decrease in the liability for uncertain tax positions and lower 
 



 
pre-tax income in 2013 as compared to 2012. The Company&#146;s effective tax rate
 as calculated by dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes less net income attributable to
noncontrolling interest
 for 2013 and 2012 was 30.5% and 44.6%
The Company increased its valuation allowance by
$0.3 million in 2013. The net effect was an increase in income tax expense due primarily to the Company&#146;s assessment of its ability to use certain loss carryforwards. In 2012
 the Company increased its liability for uncertain tax positions by




of $36.4 million was due primarily to actuarial gains on the Company&#146;s pension and postretirement benefit plans. These gains were primarily driven by decreases in interest rates in 2013
 as compared to 2012. 


production processes
 types of customers
 methods of distribution
 and nature of the regulatory environment. The combined reportable segment
 Nonalcoholic Beverages
 represents the vast majority of the Company&#146;s net sales and operating income
for all periods presented. None of the remaining three operating segments individually meet the quantitative thresholds in ASC 280 for separate reporting. As a result
 the discussion of the Company&#146;s operations is focused on the consolidated
results. Below is a breakdown of the Company&#146;s net sales and operating income by reportable segment. 

































1
613
309



1
592
289





108
224



99
516





(80
202



(77
372















1
641
331



1
614
433

























66
084



81
333





7
563



7
353















73
647



88
686













 2014
 from $1.28 billion at December&nbsp;29
 2013. The increase in total assets is primarily attributable to the acquisition of the Expansion
Territories in 2014
 contributing to an increase in total assets of $105.5 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. In addition
 the Company had capital expenditures of $84.4 million during 2014. 
Net working capital
 defined as current assets less current liabilities
 increased by $29.2 million to $59.6 million at December&nbsp;28
2014 from $30.4 million at December&nbsp;29
 2013. 
 



Significant changes in net working capital from December&nbsp;29
 2013 to December&nbsp;28
2014 were as follows: 





An increase in accounts receivables
 trade of $20.1 million primarily due to accounts receivables from sales in acquired Expansion Territories.






An increase in accounts receivable from The Coca-Cola Company and an increase in accounts payable to The Coca-Cola Company of $4.9 million and $25.4
million
 respectively
 primarily due to the timing of payments and acquired Expansion Territories. 












An increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of $17.3 million primarily due to an overpayment of federal and state income taxes in 2014.






A decrease in current portion of long-term debt of $20.0 million due to the repayment on an uncommitted line of credit with borrowings from the
Company&#146;s revolving credit facility. 





An increase in accounts payable
 trade of $15.1 million primarily due to the timing of payments. 






A decrease in other accrued liabilities of $8.8 million primarily due to the decrease in the accrued 401(k) matching contributions.
Debt and capital lease obligations were $503.8 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 compared to $463.6
million as of December&nbsp;29
 2013. Debt and capital lease obligations as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013 included $59.0 million and $65.0 million
 respectively
 of capital lease obligations related primarily to Company
Contributions to the Company&#146;s pension plans were $10.0 million and $7.3 million in 2014 and 2013


The Company&#146;s sources of capital include cash flows from operations
 available credit facilities and the issuance
of debt and equity securities. Management believes the Company will have sufficient financial resources available from a combination of these sources of capital to finance its business plan
 territory expansion strategy
 meet its working capital
requirements and maintain an appropriate level of capital spending for at least the next 12 months. The amount and frequency of future dividends will be determined by the Company&#146;s Board of Directors in light of the earnings and financial
condition of the Company at such time
On
October&nbsp;16
 2014
 the Company entered into a $350 million five-year unsecured revolving credit facility (&#147;$350 million facility&#148;) which amended and restated the Company&#146;s existing $200 million five-year unsecured revolving credit
agreement dated as of September&nbsp;21
 2011 (&#147;$200 million facility&#148;). The $350 million facility has a scheduled maturity date of October&nbsp;16
 2019 and up to $50 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. Subject to
obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the credit agreement
 the Company may increase the aggregate availability under the facility to $450 million. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a
floating base rate or a floating Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin
 dependent on the Company&#146;s credit rating at the time of borrowing. At the Company&#146;s current credit ratings
 the Company must pay an annual facility fee of .15% of
the lenders&#146; aggregate commitments under the facility. The $350 million facility includes two financial covenants: a cash flow/fixed charges ratio (&#147;fixed charges coverage ratio&#148;) and a funded indebtedness/cash flow ratio
(&#147;operating cash flow ratio&#148;)
 each as defined in the credit agreement. The Company was in compliance with these covenants under the $350 million facility at December&nbsp;28
 2014. These covenants do not currently
 and the Company does
not anticipate they will
 restrict its liquidity or capital resources. 
 



On October&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company terminated an uncommitted line of credit under which
the Company could borrow up to a total of $20 million for periods of 7 days
 30 days
 60 days or 90 days at the discretion of the participating bank and refinanced the outstanding balance with additional borrowings under the $350 million facility.
On December&nbsp;29
 2013
The Company
currently believes that all of the banks participating in the Company&#146;s $350 million facility have the ability to and will meet any funding requests from the Company. On December&nbsp;28
 2014 the Company had $71.0 million of outstanding
borrowings under the $350 million facility. On February&nbsp;28
 2015
 the Company had $153.0 million of outstanding borrowings under the $350 million facility. The increase in borrowings relate primarily to the territory acquisitions completed in
The Company has $100 million of senior notes which mature in April 2015. The Company currently
expects to use borrowings under the $350 million facility to repay the notes when due and
 accordingly
 has classified all the $100 million Senior Notes due April 2015 as long-term. 
The Company has obtained the majority of its long-term financing
 other than capital leases
 from public markets. As of December&nbsp;28
2014
 $373.8 million of the Company&#146;s total outstanding balance of debt and capital lease obligations of $503.8 million was financed through publicly offered debt. The Company had capital lease obligations of $59.0 million as of
December&nbsp;28
The Company&#146;s only Level 3 asset or liability is the acquisition-related contingent consideration
liability which was incurred as a result of the Expansion Territory transactions completed in 2014. The December&nbsp;28
 2014 balance of $46.9 million included a $1.1 million fair value adjustment to increase the liability in 2014. (See Notes 3 and
12 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.) There were no transfers from Level 1 or Level 2. The $1.1 million noncash fair value adjustment (recorded in other income (expense) in the Company&#146;s consolidated statement
of operations) did not impact the Company&#146;s liquidity or capital resources. The total cash paid in 2014 related to acquisition-related contingent consideration was $0.2 million. 
 



 
The primary sources of cash for the Company have been cash provided by operating activities and borrowings under credit facilities. The
primary uses of cash have been for capital expenditures
 the payment of debt and capital lease obligations
 dividend payments
 income tax payments
 pension plan contributions
 acquisition of Expansion Territories and funding working capital.

























































Proceeds from the sale of property
 plant and equipment






































































































































































































Based on current projections
 which include a number of assumptions such as the Company&#146;s pre-tax
earnings
 the Company anticipates its cash requirements for income taxes will be between $12 million and $19 million in 2015. This projection does not include any anticipated cash income tax requirements resulting from additional completed Expansion
Territory transactions. 
Cash provided by operating activities decreased by $4.5 million in 2014
 as compared to 2013. The decrease is due primarily to a decrease
in working capital (exclusive of acquisitions)
 primarily driven by an increase in taxes paid in 2014 of $15.1 million
 offset by increased net income and changes in deferred taxes. 


 the Company acquired Expansion Territories previously served by CCR in Johnson City
 Morristown and Knoxville
 Tennessee. The total cash used to purchase certain rights relating to the
distribution
 promotion
 marketing and sale of certain beverage brands not owned or licensed by The Coca-Cola Company but currently distributed by CCR in these Expansion Territories and certain assets related to the distribution
 promotion
marketing and sale of both The Coca-Cola Company brands and cross-licensed brands currently distributed by CCR in these Expansion Territories (net of cash acquired) totaled $41.6 million. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for
additional information related to the Expansion Territories. 
 



Additions to property
 plant and equipment during 2014 were $86.4 million
 of which $9.2
million were accrued in accounts payable
 trade as unpaid. This amount does not include $25.6 million in property
 plant and equipment acquired in the Expansion Territory transactions completed in 2014. This compared to $54.2 million in additions to
property
 plant and equipment during 2013
 of which $7.2 million were accrued in accounts payable. Capital expenditures during 2014 were funded with cash flows from operations and available credit facilities. The Company anticipates that additions
to property
Financing Activities
During 2014
 the Company&#146;s net borrowings under the Company&#146;s various debt facilities increased $46.0
million to $71.0 million
 as compared to 2013
 due primarily to the use of cash to acquire two Expansion Territories. During 2013
 the Company&#146;s net borrowings under its $200 million facility decreased $25.0 million
 due primarily to increased
cash flow from operations available for repayments. During 2012
 the Company&#146;s net borrowings under various credit facilities increased $50.0 million
 due primarily to the repayment of the Company&#146;s $150 million in senior notes which
As of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 the Company had a weighted average interest rate of
5.8% and 6.2%
 respectively
 for its outstanding debt and capital lease obligations. The Company&#146;s overall weighted average interest rate on its debt and capital lease obligations was 5.7%
 5.8% and 6.1% for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
As of December&nbsp;28
 2014


At December 28
 2014
 the
Company&#146;s credit ratings were as follows: 
























The Company&#146;s credit ratings
 which the Company is disclosing to enhance understanding of the
Company&#146;s sources of liquidity and the effect of the Company&#146;s ratings on the Company&#146;s cost of funds
 are reviewed periodically by the respective rating agencies. Changes in the Company&#146;s operating results or financial position
could result in changes in the Company&#146;s credit ratings. Lower credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs for the Company or reduced access to capital markets
 which could have a material impact on the Company&#146;s financial
position or results of operations. There were no changes in these credit ratings from the prior year and the credit ratings are currently stable. Changes in the credit ratings of The Coca-Cola Company could adversely affect the Company&#146;s credit
The indentures under which the Company&#146;s public debt was issued do not include financial covenants but
do limit the incurrence of certain liens and encumbrances as well as indebtedness by the Company&#146;s subsidiaries in excess of certain amounts. 
 



 



















Dec. 28



Dec. 29



Dec. 30






444
759



398
566



423
386





59
050



64
989



69
581



















503
809



463
555



492
967


Less: Cash
 cash equivalents and restricted cash


9
095



11
761



10
399



















494
714



451
794



482
568



















The non-GAAP measure &#147;Total net debt and capital lease obligations&#148; is used to provide investors with additional information which management believes is
helpful in evaluating the Company&#146;s capital structure and financial leverage. This non-GAAP financial information is not presented elsewhere in this report and may not be comparable to the similarly titled measures used by other companies.
Additionally


manufacturing cooperatives and has guaranteed $30.9 million of debt for these entities as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. In addition
 the Company has an equity ownership in each of the entities. The members of both cooperatives consist solely of
Coca-Cola bottlers. The Company does not anticipate either of these cooperatives will fail to fulfill its commitments. The Company further believes each of these cooperatives has sufficient assets
 including production equipment
 facilities and
working capital
 and the ability to adjust selling prices of its products to adequately mitigate the risk of material loss from the Company&#146;s guarantees. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company&#146;s maximum exposure
 if both of these
cooperatives borrowed up to their aggregate borrowing capacity
 would have been $71.7 million including the Company&#146;s equity interest. See Note 14 and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 



 
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of December&nbsp;28
 2014:






















































































Total debt
 net of interest


444
759



100
000



164
757



180
002






Capital lease obligations
 net of interest


59
050



6
446



14
354



16
116



22
134





63
623



21
645



25
437



13
828



2
713





903
403



95
095



190
190



190
190



427
928





189
700



15
321



24
094



16
781



133
504





53
699



5
665



10
966



8
583



28
485





41
435



12
002



16
162



7
943



5
328





70
121



2
998



6
633



7
898



52
592





35
912



35
912







































1
861
702



295
084



452
593



441
341



672
684































Represents an estimate of the Company&#146;s obligation to purchase 17.5&nbsp;million cases of finished product on an annual basis through June 2024 from South Atlantic
Canners
 a manufacturing cooperative. 



Includes obligations under executive benefit plans
 the liability to exit from a multi-employer pension plan and other long-term liabilities. 




Includes contractual arrangements with certain prestige properties
 athletic venues and other locations
 and other long-term marketing commitments.




Includes the liability for postretirement benefit obligations only. The unfunded portion of the Company&#146;s pension plan is excluded as the timing and/or amount of
any cash payment is uncertain. 



Purchase orders include commitments in which a written purchase order has been issued to a vendor
 but the goods have not been received or the services performed.
The Company has $2.9 million of uncertain tax positions including accrued interest
 as of December&nbsp;28
 2014
(excluded from other long-term liabilities in the table above because the Company is uncertain if or when such amounts will be recognized) all of which would affect the Company&#146;s effective tax rate if recognized. While it is expected that the
amount of uncertain tax positions may change in the next 12 months
 the Company does not expect such change would have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional
The Company is a member of Southeastern Container (&#147;Southeastern&#148;)
 a plastic bottle manufacturing
cooperative
 from which the Company is obligated to purchase at least 80% of its requirements of plastic bottles for certain designated territories. This obligation is not included in the Company&#146;s table of contractual obligations and
commercial commitments since there are no minimum purchase requirements. See Note 14 and Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to Southeastern. 
As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company had $23.4 million of standby letters of credit
 primarily related to its property and casualty
insurance programs. See Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to commercial commitments
 guarantees


 the Company estimates it will be required to make cash contributions in
2015 in the range of $7 million to $10 million to those two plans. Postretirement medical care payments are expected to be approximately $3 million in 2015. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to
pension and postretirement obligations. 
 



 
The Company entered into derivative instruments to hedge certain commodity purchases for 2014 and 2013. Fees paid by the Company for
derivative instruments are amortized over the corresponding period of the instrument. The Company accounts for its commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis with any expense or income reflected as an adjustment of cost of sales or S
D&amp;A
The Company uses several different financial institutions for commodity derivative instruments to minimize the
concentration of credit risk. The Company has master agreements with the counterparties to its derivative financial agreements that provide for net settlement of derivative transactions. 
Subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company entered into agreements to hedge certain commodity purchases for 2015. The notional
Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies
 Estimates and New Accounting Pronouncements

In the ordinary course of business
 the Company has made a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of results of
operations and financial position in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Actual results could differ significantly from those estimates
under different assumptions and conditions. The Company believes the following discussion addresses the Company&#146;s most critical accounting policies
 which are those most important to the portrayal of the Company&#146;s financial condition and
results of operations and require management&#146;s most difficult
 subjective and complex judgments
 often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. 
Any changes in critical accounting policies and estimates are discussed with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
The Company evaluates the collectibility of its trade accounts receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances
where the Company becomes aware of a customer&#146;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized receivable to the estimated amount the Company
believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the Company&#146;s recent past loss history and an overall assessment of past due trade accounts
The Company&#146;s review of potential bad debts considers the specific industry in which a particular
customer operates
 such as supermarket retailers
 convenience stores and mass merchandise retailers
 and the general economic conditions that currently exist in that specific industry. The Company then considers the effects of concentration of
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment is recorded at cost and is depreciated on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful
lives of such assets. Changes in circumstances such as technological advances
 changes to the Company&#146;s business model or changes in the Company&#146;s capital spending strategy could result in the actual useful lives differing from the
Company&#146;s current estimates. Factors such as changes in the planned use of manufacturing equipment
 cold drink dispensing equipment
 transportation equipment
 warehouse facilities or software could also result in shortened useful lives. In
those cases where the Company determines that the useful life of property
 plant and equipment should be shortened or lengthened
 the Company depreciates the net book value in excess of the estimated salvage value over its revised remaining useful
life. 
 



The Company changed the useful lives of certain cold drink dispensing equipment in 2013 to
reflect the estimated remaining useful lives. The change in useful lives reduced depreciation expense in 2013 by $1.7 million. 
The Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying amount of its property
 plant and equipment when events or circumstances indicate
that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. These evaluations are performed at a level where independent cash flows may be attributed to either an asset or an asset group. If the Company determines that the carrying
amount of an asset or asset group is not recoverable based upon the expected undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying amounts over the estimated fair value of the
During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company performed periodic reviews of property
 plant and equipment and
determined no material impairment existed. 
The Company considers franchise rights with The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies to be indefinite lived because the
agreements are perpetual or
 when not perpetual
 the Company anticipates the agreements will continue to be renewed upon expiration. The cost of renewals is minimal
 and the Company has not had any renewals denied. The Company considers franchise
rights as indefinite lived intangible assets and
 therefore
 does not amortize the value of such assets. Instead


accounting principles (GAAP) requires testing of intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill for impairment at least annually. The Company conducts its annual impairment test as of the first day of the fourth quarter of each fiscal year.
The Company also reviews intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill for impairment if there are significant changes in business conditions that could result in impairment. For both franchise rights and goodwill
 when appropriate
 the


 the Company utilizes the Greenfield Method to estimate the fair value. The Greenfield Method
assumes the Company is starting new
 owning only franchise rights
 and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to the Company&#146;s current operations. The Company estimates the cash flows required to build a comparable
operation and the available future cash flows from these operations. The cash flows are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The estimated fair value based upon the discounted cash flows is then compared to the carrying value on an
aggregated basis. In addition to the discount rate
 the estimated fair value includes a number of assumptions such as cost of investment to build a comparable operation
 projected net sales
 cost of sales
 operating expenses and income taxes.


 there was no impairment of the Company&#146;s recorded franchise rights in 2014


 within the Nonalcoholic Beverages reportable segment
 for purposes of assessing goodwill for potential impairment. When a quantitative analysis
is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis of goodwill
 the Company develops an estimated fair value for the reporting unit considering three different approaches: 






market value
 using the Company&#146;s stock price plus outstanding debt; 












multiple of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization based upon relevant industry data. 
 



The estimated fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying amount
including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill will be considered not to be impaired and the second step of the GAAP impairment test is not necessary. If the carrying amount including goodwill exceeds its
estimated fair value
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to measure the amount of the impairment
 if any. In the second step
 a comparison is made between book value of goodwill to the implied fair value of goodwill. Implied fair
value of goodwill is determined by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to the book value of its net identifiable assets excluding goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill is below the book value of goodwill
 an impairment loss
would be recognized for the difference. The Company does not believe that the reporting unit is at risk of impairment in the future. The discounted cash flow analysis includes a number of assumptions such as weighted average cost of capital
projected sales volume
 net sales


To the extent that actual and projected cash flows decline in the future
 or if market conditions deteriorate significantly
the Company may be required to perform an interim impairment analysis that could result in an impairment of franchise rights and goodwill. The Company has determined that there has not been an interim impairment trigger since the first day of the
Based on this analysis
 there was no impairment of the Company&#146;s recorded
goodwill in 2014
 2013 or 2012. 
The Company records a valuation allowance to reduce the carrying value of its deferred tax assets if
 based on the weight of available
evidence
 it is determined that it is more likely than not that such assets will not ultimately be realized. While the Company considers future taxable income and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation
allowance
 should the Company determine it will not be able to realize all or part of its net deferred tax assets in the future
 an adjustment to the valuation allowance will be charged to income in the period in which such determination is made. A
reduction in the valuation allowance and corresponding adjustment to income may be required if the likelihood of realizing existing deferred tax assets increases to a more likely than not level. The Company regularly reviews the realizability of


 the Company records liabilities for uncertain tax positions related to certain state and federal income tax positions. These liabilities
reflect the Company&#146;s best estimate of the ultimate income tax liability based on currently known facts and information. Material changes in facts or information as well as the expiration of the statute of limitations and/or settlements with
Acquisition Related
The Company&#146;s acquisition related contingent consideration liability is subject to
risk due to changes in the Company&#146;s probability weighted discounted cash flow model
 which is based on internal forecasts and changes in the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital that is derived from market data. 
At each reporting period
 the Company evaluates future cash flows associated with its acquired territories and the associated discount
rate to determine the fair value of its contingent consideration to be recorded for which the contingent consideration is derived. These cash flows represent the Company&#146;s best estimate of the future projections of the relevant territories. The
discount rate represents the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital at the reporting date the fair value calculation is being performed. Changes in business conditions or other events could materially change both the projections of future
cash flows and the discount rate used in the calculation of the fair value of contingent consideration. These changes could materially impact the fair value of the related contingent consideration. Changes in the fair value of the acquisition
related contingent consideration 
 



 
is included in &#147;Other income (expense)&#148; on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company will adjust the fair value of the acquisition related contingent consideration over a
Revenue
Revenues are recognized when finished products are delivered to customers and both title and the risks and
benefits of ownership are transferred
 price is fixed and determinable
 collection is reasonably assured and
 in the case of full service vending
 when cash is collected from the vending machines. Appropriate provision is made for uncollectible
The Company receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the delivery of fountain syrup products to
The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s fountain customers. In addition
 the Company receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the repair of fountain equipment owned by The Coca-Cola Company. The fees received from The Coca-Cola Company for
the delivery of fountain syrup products to their customers and the repair of their fountain equipment are recognized as revenue when the respective services are completed. Service revenue represents approximately 1% of net sales. 
The Company performs freight hauling and brokerage for third parties in addition to delivering its own products. The freight charges are


The Company uses various insurance structures to manage its workers&#146; compensation
 auto
liability
 medical and other insurable risks. These structures consist of retentions
 deductibles
 limits and a diverse group of insurers that serve to strategically transfer and mitigate the financial impact of losses. The Company uses commercial
insurance for claims as a risk reduction strategy to minimize catastrophic losses. Losses are accrued using assumptions and procedures followed in the insurance industry
 adjusted for company-specific history and expectations. The Company has
standby letters of credit
 primarily related to its property and casualty insurance programs. On December&nbsp;28
 2014


pension plans covering certain full-time nonunion employees and certain union employees who meet eligibility requirements. As discussed below
 the Company ceased further benefit accruals under the principal Company-sponsored pension plan effective
June&nbsp;30
 2006. Several statistical and other factors
 which attempt to anticipate future events
 are used in calculating the expense and liability related to the plans. These factors include assumptions about the discount rate
 expected return
on plan assets
 employee turnover and age at retirement
 as determined by the Company
 within certain guidelines. In addition
 the Company uses subjective factors such as mortality rates to estimate the projected benefit obligation. The actuarial
assumptions used by the Company may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions
 higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. These differences may result in a significant
impact to the amount of net periodic pension cost recorded by the Company in future periods. The discount rate used in determining the actuarial present value of the projected benefit obligation for the Company&#146;s pension plans was 4.32% in 2014
and 5.21% in 2013. The discount rate assumption is generally the estimate which can have the most significant impact on net periodic pension cost and the projected benefit obligation for these pension plans. The Company determines an appropriate


 there was a pension benefit of $0.3 million. Annual pension costs were $1.4 million and $2.9 million in 2013 and 2012 respectively. The annual pension costs for 2013 excludes the $12.0 million
noncash settlement charge discussed below. 
 



In the third quarter of 2013
 the Company announced a limited Lump Sum Window distribution
of present valued pension benefits to terminated plan participants meeting certain criteria. The benefit election window was open during the third quarter of 2013 and benefit distributions were made during the fourth quarter of 2013. Based upon the
number of plan participants electing to take the lump-sum distribution and the total amount of such distributions
 the Company incurred a noncash charge of $12.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 when the distribution was made in accordance with


..25% increase or decrease in the discount rate assumption would have impacted the projected benefit obligation and net periodic pension cost of the Company-sponsored pension plans as follows: 































Projected benefit obligation at December&nbsp;28
 2014


(10
829



11
509











The weighted average expected long-term rate of return of plan assets was 7% for each year 2014
 2013 and
2012. This rate reflects an estimate of long-term future returns for the pension plan assets. This estimate is primarily a function of the asset classes (equities versus fixed income) in which the pension plan assets are invested and the analysis of
past performance of these asset classes over a long period of time. This analysis includes expected long-term inflation and the risk premiums associated with equity and fixed income investments. See Note 18 to the consolidated financial statements
for the details by asset type of the Company&#146;s pension plan assets at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 and the weighted average expected long-term rate of return of each asset type. The actual return of pension plan assets
were gains of 6.1% in 2014
The Company sponsors a postretirement health care plan for
employees meeting specified qualifying criteria. Several statistical and other factors
 which attempt to anticipate future events
 are used in calculating the net periodic postretirement benefit cost and postretirement benefit obligation for this
plan. These factors include assumptions about the discount rate and the expected growth rate for the cost of health care benefits. In addition
 the Company uses subjective factors such as withdrawal and mortality rates to estimate the projected
liability under this plan. The actuarial assumptions used by the Company may differ materially from actual results due to changing market and economic conditions
 higher or lower withdrawal rates or longer or shorter life spans of participants. The


 the annual health care cost trend and the ultimate trend rate for health care costs are key estimates which can have a significant impact on the net periodic postretirement
benefit cost and postretirement obligation in future periods. The Company annually determines the health care cost trend based on recent actual medical trend experience and projected experience for subsequent years. 
The discount rate assumptions used to determine the pension and postretirement benefit obligations are based on yield rates available on
double-A bonds as of each plan&#146;s measurement date. The discount rate used in determining the postretirement benefit obligation was 4.13% in 2014 and 4.96% in 2013. The discount rate was derived using the Aon/Hewitt AA above median yield curve.
Projected benefit payouts for each plan were matched to the Aon/Hewitt AA above median yield curve and an equivalent flat rate was derived. 
 



A .25% increase or decrease in the discount rate assumption would have impacted the
projected benefit obligation and service cost and interest cost of the Company&#146;s postretirement benefit plan as follows: 






























Postretirement benefit obligation at December&nbsp;28
 2014


(2
085



2
196











A 1% increase or decrease in the annual health care cost trend would have impacted the postretirement
benefit obligation and service cost and interest cost of the Company&#146;s postretirement benefit plan as follows: 






























Postretirement benefit obligation at December&nbsp;28
 2014


8
036



(7
495














 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued new guidance on the financial statement presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The provisions of the new guidance were effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. The requirements of this new guidance did not have a material impact on the
Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 
In April 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued
operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2014. The impact on the Company of adopting the new guidance will depend on the nature
 terms and
In May 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance on accounting for
revenue from contracts with customers. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new guidance on the Company&#146;s consolidated
In February 2015
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the analysis that a reporting entity must
perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new
CAUTIONARY INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as well as information included in future filings by the Company with the Securities
and Exchange Commission and information contained in written material
 press releases and oral statements issued by or on behalf of the Company
 contains
 or may contain
 forward-looking management comments and other statements that reflect
management&#146;s current outlook for future periods. These statements include
 among others
 statements relating to: 





the Company&#146;s expectations regarding the time frame for closing the Paducah/Pikeville asset purchase transaction and the Jackson-for-Lexington
transaction; 





the Company&#146;s belief that the undiscounted amounts to be paid under the acquisition related contingent consideration arrangement will be between
$3.1 million and $5.2 million per year; 
 








the Company&#146;s belief that the covenants on its $350 million facility will not restrict its liquidity or capital resources;



























the Company&#146;s belief that disposition of certain claims and legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition
cash flows or results of operations and that no material amount of loss in excess of recorded amounts is reasonably possible as a result of these claims and legal proceedings; 






the Company&#146;s belief that the Company has adequately provided for any ultimate amounts that are likely to result from tax audits;






the Company&#146;s belief that the Company has sufficient resources available from internal and external sources to finance its business plan
 finance
its territory expansion strategy
 meet its working capital requirements and maintain an appropriate level of capital spending; 





the Company&#146;s belief that the cooperatives whose debt the Company guarantees have sufficient assets and the ability to adjust selling prices of
their products to adequately mitigate the risk of material loss and that the cooperatives will perform their obligations under their debt commitments; 












the Company&#146;s key priorities which are revenue management
 product innovation and beverage portfolio expansion
 distribution cost management and
productivity; 





the Company&#146;s expectation that new product introductions
 packaging changes and sales promotions will continue to require substantial
expenditures; 





the Company&#146;s belief that there is substantial and effective competition in each of the exclusive geographic territories in the United States in
which it operates for the purposes of the United States Soft Drink Interbrand Competition Act; 





the Company&#146;s belief that cash requirements for income taxes will be in the range of $12 million to $19 million in 2015;






the Company&#146;s anticipation that pension expense related to the two Company-sponsored pension plans is estimated to be approximately $1.7 million
in 2015; 





the Company&#146;s belief that cash contributions in 2015 to its two Company-sponsored pension plans will be in the range of $7 million to $10 million;













the Company&#146;s expectation that additions to property
 plant and equipment in 2015 will be in the range of $110 million to $130 million;






the Company&#146;s belief that compliance with environmental laws will not have a material adverse effect on its capital expenditures
 earnings or
competitive position; 












the Company&#146;s intention to renew substantially all the Allied Beverage Agreements
 Still Beverage Agreements and CBAs as they expire;

 















the Company&#146;s belief that innovation of new brands and packages will continue to be important to the Company&#146;s overall revenue;






the Company&#146;s expectation that uncertain tax positions may change over the next 12 months but will not have a significant impact on the
consolidated financial statements; 





the Company&#146;s belief that all of the banks participating in the Company&#146;s $350 million facility have the ability to and will meet any funding
requests from the Company; 





the Company&#146;s belief that it is competitive in its territories with respect to the principal methods of competition in the nonalcoholic beverage
industry; 





the Company&#146;s hypothetical calculation of the impact of a 1% increase in interest rates on outstanding floating rate debt and capital lease
obligations for the next twelve months as of December&nbsp;28
 2014; and 





the Company&#146;s estimate that a 10% increase in the market price of certain commodities over the current market prices would cumulatively increase
These statements
and expectations are based on currently available competitive
 financial and economic data along with the Company&#146;s operating plans
 and are subject to future events and uncertainties that could cause anticipated events not to occur or actual
results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. Factors that could impact those differences or adversely affect future periods include
 but are not limited to
 the factors set forth under Item&nbsp;1A. &#151; Risk Factors.
Caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on the Company&#146;s forward-looking statements
 which reflect the
expectations of management of the Company only as of the time such statements are made. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or
otherwise. 




The Company is exposed to certain market risks that arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company may enter into derivative
financial instrument transactions to manage or reduce market risk. The Company does not enter into derivative financial instrument transactions for trading purposes. A discussion of the Company&#146;s primary market risk exposure and interest rate
risk is presented below. 
The Company is subject to interest rate risk on its fixed and floating rate debt. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 $71.0 million of the
As
it relates to the Company&#146;s variable rate debt
 assuming no changes in the Company&#146;s financial structure
 if market interest rates average 1% more over the next twelve months than the interest rates as of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 interest
expense for the next twelve months would increase by approximately $0.7 million. This amount was determined by calculating the effect of the hypothetical interest rate on our variable rate debt. This calculated
 hypothetical increase in interest
expense for the following twelve months may be different from the actual increase in interest expense from a 1% increase in interest rates due to varying interest rate reset dates on the Company&#146;s floating rate debt. 
The Company&#146;s acquisition related contingent consideration
 which is adjusted to fair value at each reporting period
 is also
impacted by changes in interest rates. The risk free interest rate is a component of the discount rate used to calculate the present value of future cash flows due under the CBAs related to the

 



 
Expansion Territories. As a result
 any changes in the underlying interest rates will impact the fair value of the acquisition related contingent consideration. 


by entering into contracts with adjustable prices. The Company periodically uses derivative commodity instruments in the management of this risk. The Company estimates that a 10% increase in the market prices of these commodities over the current


 the Company entered into agreements to hedge a portion of the Company&#146;s 2013 commodity purchases. In the first quarter of 2014
 the Company entered into agreements to
hedge a portion of the Company&#146;s 2014 commodity purchases. The Company paid fees for these instruments which were amortized over the corresponding period of the instruments. The Company accounts for commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis
with any expense or income being reflected as an adjustment to cost of sales or selling
 delivery and administrative (&#147;S
D&amp;A&#148;) expenses. There were no outstanding commodity agreements as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. 
Subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company entered into agreements to hedge certain commodity purchases for 2015. The notional
amount of these agreements was $22.3 million. 
The annual rate of inflation in the United States
 as measured by year-over-year changes in the consumer price index
 was .8% in 2014
compared to 1.5% in 2013 and 1.7% in 2012. Inflation in the prices of those commodities important to the Company&#146;s business is reflected in changes in the consumer price index
 but commodity prices are volatile and can and have in recent years
The principal effect of
inflation in both commodity and consumer prices on the Company&#146;s operating results is to increase costs for both cost of sales and S
D&amp;A expenses. Although the Company can offset these cost increases by increasing selling prices for its
products
 consumers may not have the buying power to cover those increased costs and may reduce their volume of purchases of those products. In that event
 selling price increases may not be sufficient to offset completely the Company&#146;s cost
increases. 
 








 
 




































1
746
369



1
641
331



1
614
433





1
041
130



982
691



960
124



















705
239



658
640



654
309


Selling
 delivery and administrative expenses


619
272



584
993



565
623



















85
967



73
647



88
686


Interest expense
 net


29
272



29
403



35
338


Other income (expense)
 net


(1
077



























55
618



44
244



53
348





19
536



12
142



21
889



















36
082



32
102



31
459





4
728



4
427



4
242



















31
354



27
675



27
217


































































7
141



7
141



7
141






































2
126



2
105



2
085















































9
307



9
286



9
266






































2
166



2
145



2
125


 
 



 
 
 



































36
082



32
102



31
459







Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:












































(31
839



33
379



(11
618

































(4
318



3
984



(1
181





4
402
























Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


(31
738



36
350



(13
706
























4
344



68
452



17
753





4
728



4
427



4
242























64
025



13
511
















See Accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. 
 



 
 
 















Dec. 28



Dec. 29



















9
095



11
761


Accounts receivable
 trade
 less allowance for doubtful
330 and $1
401
 respectively


125
726



105
610





22
741



17
849


Accounts receivable
 other


14
531



15
136





70
740



61
987





44
168



26
872















287
001



239
215












Property
 plant and equipment
 net


358
232



302
998


Leased property under capital leases
 net


42
971



48
981





60
832



58
560





520
672



520
672





106
220



102
049


Other identifiable intangible assets
 net


57
148



3
681















1
433
076



1
276
156












 
 



 
 
 














Dec. 28



Dec. 29























20
000





6
446



5
939


Accounts payable
 trade


58
640



43
579





51
227



25
869





68
775



77
622





38
677



31
753





3
655



4
054















227
420



208
816















140
000



153
408





134
100



90
599





177
250



125
791





52
604



59
050





444
759



378
566















1
176
133



1
016
230




































Convertible Preferred Stock
 $100.00 par value:
000 shares; Issue-None









Nonconvertible Preferred Stock
 $100.00 par value:
000 shares; Issued-None









Preferred Stock
 $.01 par value:
000
000 shares; Issued-None









Common Stock
 $1.00 par value:
000
000 shares; Issued-10
203
821 shares


10
204



10
204


Class B Common Stock
 $1.00 par value:
000
000 shares; Issued-2
757
976 and 2
737
076 shares
respectively


2
756



2
735


Class C Common Stock
 $1.00 par value:
000
000 shares; Issued-None












110
860



108
942





210
957



188
869





(89
914



(58
176















244
863



252
574












Less-Treasury stock
 at cost:









Common Stock-3
062
374 shares


60
845



60
845


Class B Common Stock-628
114 shares






















183
609



191
320





73
334



68
606















256
943



259
926















1
433
076



1
276
156












 
 



 
 
 

















































36
082



32
102



31
459



















60
397



58
338



61
168



















4
220



(10
017



7
138


Loss on sale of property
 plant and equipment













Impairment of property
 plant and equipment
















1
938



1
933



2
242





3
542



2
919



2
623













(1
145









12
014









1
077













(16
331













(3
195



(3
170



(5
087





3
333



1
569



(16
261

































55
821



64
272



51
713



















91
903



96
374



83
172






























Additions to property
 plant and equipment


(84
364



(61
432



(53
271


Proceeds from the sale of property
 plant and equipment


1
701



6
136






Acquisition of new territories
 net of cash acquired


(41
588





















3
000



















(124
251



(55
296



(49
570









































20
000





191
624



60
000



30
000





(125
624



(85
000

















(150
000





(20
000













(9
266



(9
245



(9
224

































(5
939



(5
307



(4
682















































29
682



(39
716



(113
961



















(2
666



1
362



(80
359



















11
761



10
399



90
758



















9
095



11
761



10
399

































1
763



1
298



1
421
















Additions to property
 plant and equipment accrued and recorded in accounts payable
 trade


9
185



7
175



14
433


 
 



 
 
 






































































Balance on Jan. 1
 2012


10
204



2
693



106
201



152
446



(80
820



(61
254



129
470



59
937



189
407























































27
217











27
217



4
242



31
459


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


















(13
706







(13
706







(13
706

















(7
141











(7
141







(7
141

















(2
083











(2
083







(2
083


Issuance of 22
320 shares of Class B Common Stock










1
399















1
421







1
421














































































Balance on Dec. 30
 2012


10
204



2
715



107
681



170
439



(94
526



(61
254



135
259



64
179



199
438























































27
675











27
675



4
427



32
102


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


















36
350







36
350







36
350

















(7
141











(7
141







(7
141

















(2
104











(2
104







(2
104


Issuance of 20
120 shares of Class B Common Stock










1
278















1
298







1
298














































































Balance on Dec. 29
 2013


10
204



2
735



108
942



188
869



(58
176



(61
254



191
320



68
606



259
926























































31
354











31
354



4
728



36
082


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax


















(31
738







(31
738







(31
738

















(7
141











(7
141







(7
141

















(2
125











(2
125







(2
125


Issuance of 20
900 shares of Class B Common Stock










1
742















1
763







1
763














































































Balance on Dec. 28
 2014


10
204



2
756



110
860



210
957



(89
914



(61
254



183
609



73
334



256
943








































 
 



 
 
 


 markets and distributes nonalcoholic beverages
 primarily products of The Coca-Cola Company. The Company operates principally in the
The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its
The preparation of
consolidated financial statements in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
The fiscal years presented are the 52-week periods ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 (&#147;2014&#148;)
 December&nbsp;29
 2013
(&#147;2013&#148;) and December&nbsp;30


$4.4 million in 2013 and $4.2 million in 2012 are included in net income on the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations. In addition
 the amount of consolidated net income attributable to both the Company and noncontrolling interest are
shown on the Company&#146;s consolidated statements of operations. Noncontrolling interest primarily related to Piedmont totaled $73.3 million
 $68.6 million and $64.2 million at December&nbsp;28
 2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;29
 2013 and
December&nbsp;30
 2012

<FONT

hand
 cash in banks and cash equivalents
 which are highly liquid debt instruments with maturities of less than 90 days. The Company maintains cash deposits with major banks which from time to time may exceed federally insured limits. The Company
periodically assesses the financial condition of the institutions and believes that the risk of any loss is minimal. 


 convenience stores and other customers and extends credit
 generally without requiring collateral
 based on an ongoing evaluation of the customer&#146;s
business prospects and financial condition. The Company&#146;s trade accounts receivable are typically collected within approximately 30 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and
maintains an allowance for potential losses or adjustments. Past due trade accounts receivable balances are written off when the Company&#146;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in collecting the amount due. 


financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized receivable 
 



 

 
to the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the
The
Company&#146;s review of potential bad debts considers the specific industry in which a particular customer operates
 such as supermarket retailers
 convenience stores and mass merchandise retailers
 and the general economic conditions that
currently exist in that specific industry. The Company then considers the effects of concentration of credit risk in a specific industry and for specific customers within that industry. 


 first-out method for finished products and manufacturing materials and on the average cost method for plastic
shells
Property
 Plant and Equipment 
Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the
assets. Leasehold improvements on operating leases are depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 including renewal options the Company determines are reasonably assured. Additions and major replacements or
betterments are added to the assets at cost. Maintenance and repair costs and minor replacements are charged to expense when incurred. When assets are replaced or otherwise disposed
 the cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the
accounts and the gains or losses
 if any
 are reflected in the statement of operations. Gains or losses on the disposal of manufacturing equipment and manufacturing facilities are included in cost of sales. Gains or losses on the disposal of all
other property
 plant and equipment are included in selling
 delivery and administrative (&#147;S
The
Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying amount of its property
 plant and equipment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. These evaluations are performed at a
level where independent cash flows may be attributed to either an asset or an asset group. If the Company determines that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group is not recoverable based upon the expected undiscounted future cash flows of the
asset or asset group


leases is depreciated using the straight-line method over the lease term. 
The Company capitalizes costs incurred in the development or acquisition of internal use software. The Company expenses costs incurred in
the preliminary project planning stage. Costs
 such as maintenance and training
 are also expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line method. Amortization expense
 which is included
in depreciation expense
 for internal-use software was $7.6 million
 $7.5 million and $7.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012


accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 all business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method and goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment annually
 or more
frequently if facts and circumstances indicate 
 



 

 
such assets may be impaired. The only intangible assets the Company classifies as indefinite lived are franchise rights and goodwill. The Company performs its annual impairment test as of the
first day of the fourth quarter of each year. For both franchise rights and goodwill
 when appropriate
 the Company performs a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the franchise rights or
When a quantitative analysis is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis
of franchise rights
 the Company utilizes the Greenfield Method to estimate the fair value. The Greenfield Method assumes the Company is starting new
 owning only franchise rights
 and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to
the Company&#146;s current operations. The Company estimates the cash flows required to build a comparable operation and the available future cash flows from these operations. The cash flows are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate.
The estimated fair value based upon the discounted cash flows is then compared to the carrying value on an aggregated basis. 
The Company has determined that it has one reporting unit for purposes of assessing goodwill for potential impairment. When a quantitative
analysis is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis of goodwill
 the Company develops an estimated fair value for the reporting unit considering three different approaches: 






market value
 using the Company&#146;s stock price plus outstanding debt; 












multiple of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and amortization based upon relevant industry data. 
The estimated fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying amount including goodwill. If the estimated fair value
exceeds the carrying amount
 goodwill is considered not impaired
 and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the carrying amount including goodwill exceeds its estimated fair value
 the second step of the impairment test is
performed to measure the amount of the impairment
 if any. In the second step
 a comparison is made between book value of goodwill to the implied fair value of goodwill. Implied fair value of goodwill is determined by comparing the fair value of the
reporting unit to the book value of its net identifiable assets excluding goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill is below the book value of goodwill
 an impairment loss would be recognized for the difference. 
The Company uses its overall market capitalization as part of its estimate of fair value of the reporting unit and in assessing the
To the extent that actual and projected cash flows
decline in the future
 or if market conditions deteriorate significantly
 the Company may be required to perform an interim impairment analysis that could result in an impairment of franchise rights or goodwill. 



The acquisition related contingent consideration liability consists of the estimated amounts due to The Coca-Cola Company under the
Comprehensive Beverage Agreements (&#147;CBAs&#148;) over the remaining useful life of the related distribution rights intangible assets. Under the CBAs
 the Company is required to make quarterly sub-bottling payments on a continuing basis for the
grant of exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell specified covered beverages and related products
 as defined in the agreement
 in certain acquired territories. The quarterly sub-bottling payment is based on sales of certain
beverages and beverage products sold under the same trademarks that identify a covered beverage
 related product or certain cross-licensed brands (as defined in the CBAs). 
 



 

At each reporting period
 the Company evaluates future cash flows associated with its
acquired territories and the associated discount rate to determine the fair value of the contingent consideration. These cash flows represent the Company&#146;s best estimate of the amounts which will be paid to The Coca-Cola Company under the CBA
over the remaining life of certain distribution rights intangible assets. The discount rate represents the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital at the reporting date the fair value calculation is being performed. Changes in the fair value


noncontributory pension plan covering certain nonunion employees and one noncontributory pension plan covering certain union employees. Costs of the plans are charged to current operations and consist of several components of net periodic pension
cost based on various actuarial assumptions regarding future experience of the plans. In addition
 certain other union employees are covered by plans provided by their respective union organizations and the Company expenses amounts as paid in
accordance with union agreements. The Company recognizes the cost of postretirement benefits
 which consist principally of medical benefits
 during employees&#146; periods of active service. 
Amounts recorded for benefit plans reflect estimates related to interest rates
 investment returns
 employee turnover and health care
costs. The discount rate assumptions used to determine the pension and postretirement benefit obligations are based on yield rates available on double-A bonds as of each plan&#146;s measurement date. 


carryforwards as well as differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in
A valuation allowance will be provided against deferred tax assets
 if
The Company does not recognize
a tax benefit unless it concludes that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. If the recognition threshold is met
 the
Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that
 in the Company&#146;s judgment
 is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized. The Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
in income tax expense. 
Revenues are recognized when finished products are delivered to customers and both title and the risks and benefits of ownership are
transferred
 price is fixed and determinable
 collection is reasonably assured and
 in the case of full service vending
 when cash is collected from the vending machines. Appropriate provision is made for uncollectible accounts. 
The Company receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the delivery of fountain syrup products to The Coca-Cola
Company&#146;s fountain customers. In addition
 the Company receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the repair of fountain equipment owned by The Coca-Cola Company. The fees received from The Coca-Cola Company for the delivery of
fountain syrup products to their customers and the repair of their fountain equipment are recognized as revenue when the respective services are completed. Service revenue represents approximately 1% of net sales
 and is presented within the
Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. 
 



 

The Company performs freight hauling and brokerage for third parties in addition to
delivering its own products. The freight charges are recognized as revenues when the delivery is complete. Freight revenue from third parties represents approximately 2% of net sales
 and is presented within the All Other segment. 



customers. Among the programs negotiated with customers are arrangements under which allowances can be earned for attaining agreed-upon sales levels and/or for participating in specific marketing programs. 
Coupon programs are also developed on a territory-specific basis. The cost of these various marketing programs and sales incentives with
The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies
 included as deductions to net sales
 totaled $61.7 million
 $57.1 million and $58.1 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 


volume and fountain syrup volume are recognized in earnings primarily on a per unit basis over the year as product is sold. Payments for periodic programs are recognized in the periods for which they are earned. 
Under GAAP
 cash consideration received by a customer from a vendor is presumed to be a reduction of the prices of the vendor&#146;s
products or services and is
 therefore
 to be accounted for as a reduction of cost of sales in the statements of operations unless those payments are specific reimbursements of costs or payments for services. Payments the Company receives from The
Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies for marketing funding support are classified as reductions of cost of sales. 


exposure to these risks with the intent of reducing risk over time. The Company does not use financial instruments for trading purposes
 nor does it use leveraged financial instruments. Credit risk related to the derivative financial instruments is
managed by requiring high credit standards for its counterparties and periodic settlements. The Company records all derivative instruments in the financial statements at fair value. 


and aluminum purchases. The Company generally pays a fee for these instruments which is amortized over the corresponding period of the instrument. The Company accounts for its commodity hedges on a mark-to-market basis with any expense or income
reflected as an adjustment of related costs which are included in either cost of sales or S
Risk
The Company uses various insurance structures to manage its workers&#146; compensation
 auto
liability
 medical and other insurable risks. These structures consist of retentions
 deductibles
 limits and a diverse group 
 



 

 
of insurers that serve to strategically transfer and mitigate the financial impact of losses. The Company uses commercial insurance for claims as a risk reduction strategy to minimize
catastrophic losses. Losses are accrued using assumptions and procedures followed in the insurance industry


costs
 manufacturing labor
 manufacturing overhead including depreciation expense
 manufacturing warehousing costs and shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to sales distribution centers.
Selling
 Delivery and Administrative Expenses 
S
D&amp;A expenses include the following: sales management labor costs
 distribution costs from sales distribution centers to customer
locations
 sales distribution center warehouse costs
 depreciation expense related to sales centers
 delivery vehicles and cold drink equipment
 point-of-sale expenses
 advertising expenses
 cold drink equipment repair costs
 amortization of
intangibles and administrative support labor and operating costs such as treasury
 legal
 information services
 accounting
 internal control services
 human resources and executive management costs. 


movement of finished goods from sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in S
D&amp;A expenses and were $211.6 million
 $201.0 million and $200.0 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
The Company recorded delivery fees in net sales of $6.2 million
 $6.3 million and $7.0 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and


 2008
the stockholders of the Company approved a Performance Unit Award Agreement for J. Frank Harrison
 III
 the Company&#146;s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer
 consisting of 400
000 performance units (&#147;Units&#148;).
Each Unit represents the right to receive one share of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock
 subject to certain terms and conditions. The Units are subject to vesting in annual increments over a ten-year period starting in fiscal year 2009. The
number of Units that vest each year will equal the product of 40
000 multiplied by the overall goal achievement factor (not to exceed 100%) under the Company&#146;s Annual Bonus Plan. 
Each annual 40
000 unit tranche has an independent performance requirement
 as it is not established until the Company&#146;s Annual Bonus
Plan targets are approved each year by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. As a result
 each 40
000 unit tranche is considered to have its own service inception date
 grant-date and requisite service period. The Company&#146;s
Annual Bonus Plan targets
 which establish the performance requirements for the Performance Unit Award Agreement
 are approved by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors in the first quarter of each year. The Performance Unit Award
Agreement does not entitle Mr.&nbsp;Harrison
 to participate in dividends or voting rights until each installment has vested and the shares are issued. Mr.&nbsp;Harrison may satisfy tax withholding requirements in whole or in part by requiring the
Company to settle in cash such number of units otherwise payable in Class B Common Stock to meet the maximum statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period (one fiscal year)
based on the Company&#146;s stock price at the end of each accounting period
 unless the achievement of the performance requirement for the fiscal year is considered unlikely. 
 



 

See Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on
Mr.&nbsp;Harrison&#146;s stock compensation program. 
The Company applies the two-class method for calculating and presenting net income per share. The two-class method is an earnings
allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this method: 





Income from continuing operations (&#147;net income&#148;) is reduced by the amount of dividends declared in the current period for each class of stock and by the
contractual amount of dividends that must be paid for the current period. 




The remaining earnings (&#147;undistributed earnings&#148;) are allocated to Common Stock and Class B Common Stock to the extent that each security may share in
earnings as if all of the earnings for the period had been distributed. The total earnings allocated to each security is determined by adding together the amount allocated for dividends and the amount allocated for a participation feature.





The total earnings allocated to each security is then divided by the number of outstanding shares of the security to which the earnings are allocated to determine the
earnings per share for the security. 





In applying the two-class method
 the Company determined that undistributed earnings should be allocated equally on a per share basis
between the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock due to the aggregate participation rights of the Class B Common Stock (i.e.
 the voting and conversion rights) and the Company&#146;s history of paying dividends equally on a per share basis on the
Under the Company&#146;s certificate of incorporation
 the Board of Directors may
declare dividends on Common Stock without declaring equal or any dividends on the Class B Common Stock. Notwithstanding this provision
 Class B Common Stock has voting and conversion rights that allow the Class B Common Stock to participate equally
The Class B Common Stock is entitled to 20 votes per share and the Common Stock is
entitled to one vote per share with respect to each matter to be voted upon by the stockholders of the Company. Except as otherwise required by law
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock and Common Stock vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to the Company&#146;s stockholders
 including the election of the Board of Directors. As a result
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock control approximately 86% of the total voting power of the stockholders of the Company and
control the election of the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors has declared and the Company has paid dividends on the Class B Common Stock and Common Stock and each class of common stock has participated equally in all dividends declared by
The Class B Common Stock conversion rights allow the Class B Common
Stock to participate in dividends equally with the Common Stock. The Class B Common Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one per share basis at any time at the option of the holder. Accordingly
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock
As a result of
the Class B Common Stock&#146;s aggregated participation rights
 the Company has determined that undistributed earnings should be allocated equally on a per share basis to the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock under the two-class method.

 



 

Basic EPS excludes potential common shares that were dilutive and is computed by
dividing net income available for common stockholders by the weighted average number of Common and Class B Common shares outstanding. Diluted EPS for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock gives effect to all securities representing potential common
shares that were dilutive and outstanding during the period. 
In July 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued new guidance on the financial statement presentation of
an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The provisions of the new guidance were effective for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2013. The requirements
Recently
In April 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the criteria for determining which
disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2014. The impact on the Company of adopting the new
guidance will depend on the nature
In May 2014
 the
FASB issued new guidance on accounting for revenue from contracts with customers. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new
In February 2015
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes
the analysis that a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should consolidate certain types of legal entities. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15
 2015. The Company is in the
process of evaluating the impact of the new guidance on the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements. 
 
On July&nbsp;2
 1993
 the Company and The Coca-Cola Company formed Piedmont to distribute and market nonalcoholic
beverages primarily in portions of North Carolina and South Carolina. The Company provides a portion of the nonalcoholic beverage products to Piedmont at cost and receives a fee for managing the operations of Piedmont pursuant to a management
Noncontrolling interest as
of December&nbsp;28
 2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;29
 2013 and December&nbsp;30
 2012 primarily represents the portion of Piedmont which is owned by The Coca-Cola Company. The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s interest in Piedmont was 22.7% in all periods
The Company currently provides financing to Piedmont under an agreement that expires on December&nbsp;31
 2015.
Piedmont pays the Company interest on its borrowings at the Company&#146;s average cost of funds plus 0.50%. There were no amounts outstanding under this agreement at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013. 
 
In April 2013
 the Company announced that it had signed a non-binding letter of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to
expand the Company&#146;s franchise territory to include distribution rights in parts of Tennessee
 Kentucky and Indiana served by Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc. (&#147;CCR&#148;)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. 
 



 

Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee Territory Acquisitions 
On May&nbsp;7
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset purchase agreement (the &#147;May Asset Purchase Agreement&#148;) relating
to the territory served by CCR through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee (the &#147;May Expansion Territory&#148;). The closing of this transaction occurred on May&nbsp;23
 2014 for a cash purchase
price of $12.2 million
 which will remain subject to adjustment until July&nbsp;2
 2015


information is obtained
 but any adjustments are not expected to be material. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets and acquisition related contingent consideration are final. 
























1
361








Property
 plant and equipment


8
495

















13
800











25
290











1
005











11
995











13
081
































13
200





























13
800















The goodwill of $0.8 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the May Expansion Territory.
Knoxville
 Tennessee Territory Acquisition
On August&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset purchase agreement (the &#147;August Asset Purchase
Agreement&#148;) related to the territory served by CCR through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Knoxville
 Tennessee (the &#147;October Expansion Territory&#148;). The closing of this transaction occurred on October&nbsp;24
 2014
 for
a cash purchase price of $29.5 million
 which will remain subject to adjustment until December&nbsp;3
 2015


additional information is obtained
 but any adjustments are not expected to be material. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets and acquisition related contingent consideration are final. 
 



 

The fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the acquisition date
are summarized as follows: 






















2
084





1
796


Property
 plant and equipment


17
152





1
106





3
389





40
400











66
035











2
426











3
060





30
774











36
502
































39
400









1
000



















40
400















The goodwill of $3.4 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the October Expansion Territory.
The financial results of both Expansion Territories
have been included in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements from their acquisition date. These territories contributed $45.1 million in net sales and $3.4 million in operating income during 2014. 
At closing of both the May and the October Asset Purchase Agreements
 the Company signed a Comprehensive Beverage Agreement
(&#147;CBA&#148;) which has a term of ten years and is renewable by the Company indefinitely for successive additional terms of ten years each unless the CBAs are earlier terminated as provided therein. Under the CBAs
 the Company will make a
quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell specified covered beverages and related products
 as defined in the agreement
 in the acquired territories. The
quarterly sub-bottling payment
 which is accounted for as contingent consideration
 will be based on sales of certain beverages and beverage products that are sold under the same trademarks that identify a covered beverage
 related product or
certain cross-licensed brands (as defined in the CBAs). The CBA imposes certain obligations on the Company with respect to serving the Expansion Territory that failure to meet could result in termination of the CBA if the Company fails to take
The anticipated range of undiscounted amounts the Company could pay
annually under the contingent consideration arrangements are between $3.1 million and $5.2 million. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company has recorded a liability of $46.9 million to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent
consideration related to the future sub-bottling payments. The contingent consideration was valued using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model based on internal forecasts and the weighted average cost of capital derived from

 



 

 
market data. The contingent consideration will be reassessed and adjusted to fair value each quarter through other income or expense. During 2014
 the Company recorded a fair value adjustment to
the contingent consideration liability of $1.1 million
 primarily due to a change in discount rates subsequent to the acquisitions. During 2014
 the Company made sub-bottling payments of $0.2 million to CCR related to the CBAs for the May and
See Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for territory acquisitions completed with
CCR and a signed agreement for an additional territory expansion with CCR which occurred subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014. Also see Note 26 for terms of an asset exchange agreement with CCR which is expected to close in the first half of 2015.

 
 














Dec. 28



Dec. 29






42
526



35
360





10
133



9
127


Plastic shells
 plastic pallets and other inventories


18
081



17
500















70
740



61
987












5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Property
 Plant and Equipment 
The principal categories and estimated useful lives of property
 plant and equipment were as follows: 



















Dec. 28



Dec. 29









14
762



12
307









120
533



113
864









154
897



144
662









190
216



164
403









45
623



42
605









345
391



317
143









75
104



73
742









91
156



81
718









6
528



7
204




















Total property
 plant and equipment
 at cost


1
044
210



957
648









685
978



654
650




















Property
 plant and equipment
 net


358
232



302
998



















Depreciation and amortization expense was $60.4 million
 $58.3 million and $61.2 million in 2014
 2013
and 2012
In 2013
 the
Company changed the useful lives of certain cold drink dispensing equipment to reflect the estimated remaining useful lives. The change in useful lives reduced depreciation expense in 2013 by $1.7 million ($0.11 per basic and diluted Common Stock
During 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company performed periodic reviews of
property
 plant and equipment and determined no material impairment existed. 
 



 

 
 


















Dec. 28



Dec. 29









94
793



94
889









51
822



45
908




















Leased property under capital leases
 net


42
971



48
981



















As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 real estate represented $42.5 million of the leased property under capital
leases
 net and $28.0 million of this real estate is leased from related parties as described in Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. The Company&#146;s outstanding lease obligations for capital leases were $59.0 million and $65.0
million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013. 
 
 














Dec. 28



Dec. 29






520
672



520
672





106
220



102
049















626
892



622
721











The Company&#146;s goodwill resides entirely within the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. The Company
performed its annual impairment test of franchise rights and goodwill as of the first day of the fourth quarter of 2014
 2013 and 2012 and determined there was no impairment of the carrying value of these assets. There has been no impairment of
During 2014
 the Company acquired $4.2 million of goodwill related to
territory acquisitions. There was no activity for franchise rights or goodwill in 2013 or 2012. 
 
 


















Dec. 28



Dec. 29









54
909



2
309









7
438



6
238




















Total other identifiable intangible assets
 at cost


62
347



8
547









5
199



4
866




















Other identifiable intangible assets
 net


57
148



3
681



















During 2014
 the Company acquired $52.6 million of distribution agreement intangible assets and $1.6
Other identifiable
intangible assets are amortized on a straight line basis. Amortization expense related to other identifiable intangible assets was $0.7 million
 $0.3 million and $0.4 million for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Assuming no impairment of these
other identifiable intangible assets
 amortization expense in future years based upon recorded amounts as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 will be $1.8 million each year for 2015 through 2019. 
 



 

 
 














Dec. 28



Dec. 29






16
141



13
613





21
055



21
132





2
430



1
207





12
517



17
643





2
324



11
237









2
515





14
308



10
275















68
775



77
622












 
 





























Dec. 28



Dec. 29














71
000



5
000

















20
000













100
000



100
000













164
757



164
757













110
000



110
000

















(1
191































444
759



398
566

















20
000































444
759



378
566



















The principal maturities of debt outstanding on December&nbsp;28
 2014 were as follows: 

















100
000





164
757

















180
002

















444
759







The Company has obtained the majority of its long-term debt financing
 other than capital leases
 from the
public markets. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company&#146;s total outstanding balance of debt and capital lease obligations was $503.8 million of which $373.8 million was financed through publicly offered debt. The Company had capital lease
obligations of $59.0 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. The Company mitigates its financing risk by using multiple financial institutions and enters into credit arrangements only with institutions with investment grade credit ratings. The Company
On October&nbsp;16
 2014
 the Company entered into a $350 million
five-year unsecured revolving credit facility (&#147;$350 million facility&#148;) which amended and restated the Company&#146;s existing $200 million five-year unsecured revolving credit agreement dated as of September&nbsp;21
 2011 (&#147;$200
million facility&#148;). The $350 million facility has a scheduled maturity date of October&nbsp;16
 2019 and up to $50 million is available for the issuance of letters of 
 



 

 
credit. Subject to obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other conditions specified in the credit agreement
 the Company may increase the aggregate availability under the facility
to $450 million. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a floating base rate or a floating Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin
 dependent on the Company&#146;s credit rating at the time of borrowing. At the Company&#146;s current
credit ratings
 the Company must pay an annual facility fee of .15% of the lenders&#146; aggregate commitments under the facility. The $350 million facility includes two financial covenants: a cash flow/fixed charges ratio (&#147;fixed charges
coverage ratio&#148;) and a funded indebtedness/cash flow ratio (&#147;operating cash flow ratio&#148;)
 each as defined in the credit agreement. The Company was in compliance with these covenants under the $350 million facility at December&nbsp;28
2014. These covenants do not currently
 and the Company does not anticipate they will


 2014
 the Company had $71.0 million of outstanding borrowings on the $350 million facility and had $279.0 million available to meet its cash requirements. On December&nbsp;29
 2013
The Company has $100 million of senior
notes which mature in April 2015. The Company currently expects to use borrowings under the $350 million facility to repay the notes when due and
 accordingly
 has classified the $100 million Senior Notes due April 2015 as long-term. 
On December&nbsp;29
 2013
 the Company had $20.0 million outstanding on an uncommitted line of credit at a weighted average interest rate
of .88%. On October&nbsp;31
 2014
 the Company terminated this uncommitted line of credit and refinanced the outstanding balance with additional borrowings under the $350 million facility. 
As of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 the Company had a weighted average interest rate of 5.8% and 6.2%
 respectively
for its outstanding debt and capital lease obligations. The Company&#146;s overall weighted average interest rate on its debt and capital lease obligations was 5.7%
 5.8% and 6.1% for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014


All of the outstanding long-term debt has been
issued by the Company with none being issued by any of the Company&#146;s subsidiaries. There are no guarantees of the Company&#146;s debt. 
 
The Company is subject to the risk of increased costs arising from adverse changes in certain commodity prices. In the
normal course of business
 the Company manages these risks through a variety of strategies
 including the use of derivative instruments. The Company does not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. All derivative instruments
are recorded at fair value as either assets or liabilities in the Company&#146;s consolidated balance sheets. These derivative instruments are not designated as hedging instruments under GAAP and are used as &#147;economic hedges&#148; to manage
certain commodity price risk. Derivative instruments held are marked to market on a monthly basis and recognized in earnings consistent with the expense classification of the underlying hedged item. Settlements of derivative agreements are included
The Company uses several
different financial institutions for commodity derivative instruments to minimize the concentration of credit risk. While the Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by these counterparties
 the Company does not anticipate
nonperformance by these parties. 
 



 

The following summarizes 2014
 2013 and 2012 pre-tax changes in the fair value of the
Company&#146;s commodity derivative financial instruments and the classification of such changes in the consolidated statements of operations. 





































































































Subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company entered into agreements to hedge certain commodity costs
for 2015. The notional amount of these agreements was $22.3 million. 
 
The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the fair values of its financial
instruments: 










Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable

The fair values of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate carrying values due to the short maturity of these items.




















The fair values of deferred compensation plan assets and liabilities
 which are held in mutual funds
 are based upon the quoted market value of the securities held within the
mutual funds.






The fair values of acquisition related contingent consideration are based on internal forecasts and the weighted average cost of capital derived from market
data.
The carrying amounts and fair values of the Company&#146;s debt
 deferred compensation plan assets and
liabilities and acquisition related contingent consideration were as follows: 






















Dec. 28
 2014


Dec. 29
 2013



















(373
759



(404
400



(373
566



(409
434





(71
000



(71
000



(25
000



(25
000





18
580



18
580



17
098



17
098





(18
580



(18
580



(17
098



(17
098





(46
850



(46
850









GAAP requires that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and disclosed in one of the
following categories: 


 



 

The following table summarizes
 by assets and liabilities
 the valuation of the
Company&#146;s deferred compensation plan and acquisition related contingent consideration: 


























Dec. 28
 2014


Dec. 29
 2013













































18
580









17
098

































18
580









17
098

















46
850











The fair value estimates of the Company&#146;s debt are classified as Level 2. Public debt securities are
The Company maintains a non-qualified
deferred compensation plan for certain executives and other highly compensated employees. The investment assets are held in mutual funds. The fair value of the mutual funds is based on the quoted market value of the securities held within the funds
As part of the 2014
territory acquisitions
 the Company will make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell the Covered Beverages and Related Products in the Territories. This
contingent consideration is valued using a probability weighted discounted cash flow model based on internal forecasts and the weighted average cost of capital derived from market data
 which are considered Level 3 inputs. Significant changes in any

























13
000





33
200

















1
077











46
850







The fair value adjustment of the acquisition related contingent consideration is recorded in other income
There were no transfers of assets or liabilities
between Levels for 2014
 2013 or 2012. 
 
 














Dec. 28



Dec. 29






117
965



109
386





43
850









15
435



16
405















177
250



125
791












 



 

The accruals for executive benefit plans relate to certain benefit programs for eligible
executives of the Company. These benefit programs are primarily the Supplemental Savings Incentive Plan (&#147;Supplemental Savings Plan&#148;)
 the Officer Retention Plan (&#147;Retention Plan&#148;) and a Long-Term Performance Plan
Pursuant to the Supplemental Savings Plan
 as amended
 eligible participants may elect to
defer a portion of their annual salary and bonus. Participants are immediately vested in all deferred contributions they make and become fully vested in Company contributions upon completion of five years of service
 termination of employment due to
death
 retirement or a change in control. Participant deferrals and Company contributions made in years prior to 2006 are deemed invested in either a fixed benefit option or certain investment funds specified by the Company. Beginning in 2010
 the
Company may elect at its discretion to match up to 50% of the first 6% of salary (excluding bonuses) deferred by the participant. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company matched up to 50% of the first 6% of salary (excluding bonus) deferred by the
participant. The Company may also make discretionary contributions to participants&#146; accounts. The long-term liability under this plan was $68.7 million and $65.1 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively. The
current liability under this plan was $5.5 million and $5.7 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013


 as amended effective January&nbsp;1
 2007
 eligible participants may elect to receive an annuity payable in equal monthly installments over a 10
 15 or 20-year period commencing
at retirement or
 in certain instances
 upon termination of employment. The benefits under the Retention Plan increase with each year of participation as set forth in an agreement between the participant and the Company. Benefits under the Retention
Plan are 50% vested until age 50. After age 50
 the vesting percentage increases by an additional 5% each year until the benefits are fully vested at age 60. The long-term liability under this plan was $43.9 million and $40.0 million as of
December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively. The current liability under this plan was $1.7 million as of both December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013. 
Under the Performance Plan
 adopted as of January&nbsp;1
 2007
 the Compensation Committee of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
establishes dollar amounts to which a participant shall be entitled upon attainment of the applicable performance measures. Bonus awards under the Performance Plan are made based on the relative achievement of performance measures in terms of the
Company-sponsored objectives or objectives related to the performance of the individual participants or of the subsidiary
 division
 department
 region or function in which the participant is employed. The long-term liability under this plan was
$4.5 million and $3.4 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively. The current liability under this plan was $3.9 million and $3.3 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively.

 
Rental expense incurred for noncancellable operating leases was $7.6 million
 $7.1 million and $5.9 million during
2014
 2013 and 2012


 machinery and other equipment under noncancellable operating lease agreements which expire at various dates through 2030. These leases generally contain
scheduled rent increases or escalation clauses
 renewal options
 or in some cases
 purchase options. The Company leases certain warehouse space and other equipment under capital lease agreements which expire at various dates through 2026. These
leases contain scheduled rent increases or escalation clauses. Amortization of assets recorded under capital leases is included in depreciation expense. 
 



 

The following is a summary of future minimum lease payments for all capital leases and
noncancellable operating leases as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. 






























10
783



5
665



16
448





10
323



5
919



16
242





10
292



5
047



15
339





10
138



4
374



14
512





9
860



4
209



14
069





24
847



28
485



53
332



















76
243



53
699



129
942



















17
193



























59
050













6
446



























52
604























Future minimum lease payments for noncancellable operating leases in the preceding table include renewal
The Company is a member of South Atlantic Canners
 Inc.
(&#147;SAC&#148;)
 a manufacturing cooperative from which it is obligated to purchase 17.5&nbsp;million cases of finished product on an annual basis through June 2024. The Company is also a member of Southeastern Container
(&#147;Southeastern&#148;)
 a plastic bottle manufacturing cooperative
 from which it is obligated to purchase at least 80% of its requirements of plastic bottles for certain designated territories. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial
The Company guarantees a portion of SAC&#146;s and
Southeastern&#146;s debt. The amounts guaranteed were $30.9 million and $29.3 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively. The Company holds no assets as collateral against these guarantees
 the fair value of which
was immaterial. The guarantees relate to debt of SAC and Southeastern
 which resulted primarily from the purchase of production equipment and facilities. These guarantees expire at various times through 2023. The members of both cooperatives consist
solely of Coca-Cola bottlers. The Company does not anticipate either of these cooperatives will fail to fulfill their commitments. The Company further believes each of these cooperatives has sufficient assets
 including production equipment
facilities and working capital
 and the ability to adjust selling prices of its products to adequately mitigate the risk of material loss from the Company&#146;s guarantees. In the event either of these cooperatives fail to fulfill their commitments
under the related debt
 the Company would be responsible for payments to the lenders up to the level of the guarantees. If these cooperatives had borrowed up to their aggregate borrowing capacity
 the Company&#146;s maximum exposure under these
guarantees on December&nbsp;28
 2014 would have been $23.9 million for SAC and $25.3 million for Southeastern and the Company&#146;s maximum total exposure
 including its equity investment
 would have been $28.1 million for SAC and $43.7 million for
The Company has been purchasing plastic bottles from Southeastern and finished products from SAC for more than
The Company has an equity ownership in each of the entities in
addition to the guarantees of certain indebtedness and records its investment in each under the equity method. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 SAC had total assets of approximately $40 million and total debt of approximately $21 million. SAC had total
revenues for 2014 of approximately $181 million. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 Southeastern had total assets of approximately $308 million and total debt of approximately $123 million. Southeastern had total revenue for 2014 of approximately $665
million. 
 



 

The Company has standby letters of credit
 primarily related to its property and
casualty insurance programs. On December&nbsp;28
 2014
The Company
participates in long-term marketing contractual arrangements with certain prestige properties
 athletic venues and other locations. The future payments related to these contractual arrangements as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 amounted to $41.4 million
The Company is involved in various claims and legal proceedings which have arisen in
the ordinary course of its business. Although it is difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of these claims and legal proceedings
 management believes the ultimate disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition
 cash flows or results of operations of the Company. No material amount of loss in excess of recorded amounts is believed to be reasonably possible as a result of these claims and legal proceedings. 
The Company is subject to audit by tax authorities in jurisdictions where it conducts business. These audits may result in assessments
that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. Management believes the Company has adequately provided for any assessments that are likely to result from these audits; however
 final assessments
 if any
 could
be different than the amounts recorded in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
The current income tax provision represents the estimated amount of income taxes paid or payable for the year
 as well
as changes in estimates from prior years. The deferred income tax provision represents the change in deferred tax liabilities and assets. The following table presents the significant components of the provision for income taxes for 2014
 2013 and
2012. 

















































13
153



18
938



12
871





2
163



3
221



1
880



















15
316



22
159



14
751

































3
638



(7
701



5
667









(2
316



1
471



















4
220



(10
017



7
138



















19
536



12
142



21
889
















 



 

The Company&#146;s effective income tax rate
 as calculated by dividing income tax
expense by income before income taxes
 for 2014
 2013 and 2012 was 35.1%
 27.4% and 41.0%
 respectively. The Company&#146;s effective tax rate
 as calculated by dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes less net income attributable
to noncontrolling interest
 for 2014
 2013 and 2012 was 38.4%
 30.5% and 44.6%
 respectively. The following table provides a reconciliation of income tax expense at the statutory federal rate to actual income tax expense. 




































19
474



15
485



18
672


State income taxes
 net of federal benefit


2
133



1
811



2
191





(1
835



(1
674



(1
694























(2
261









1
203







1
767



















(1
470



(1
995



(1
330





1
204



1
127



1
184


Other
 net






























19
536



12
142



21
889















As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company had $2.9 million of uncertain tax positions
 including accrued
interest
 all of which would affect the Company&#146;s effective tax rate if recognized. As of December&nbsp;29
 2013
 the Company had $2.8 million of uncertain tax positions
 including accrued interest
 all of which would affect the Company&#146;s
effective rate if recognized. While it is expected that the amount of uncertain tax positions may change in the next 12 months
 the Company does not expect such change would have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements.
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the total amounts of uncertain tax positions (excluding accrued
interest) is as follows: 



































2
630



4
950



4
281



















































(2
920























2
620



2
630



4
950















The Company records liabilities for uncertain tax positions related to certain income tax positions. These
liabilities reflect the Company&#146;s best estimate of the ultimate income tax liability based on currently known facts and information. Material changes in facts or information as well as the expiration of statute and/or settlements with
The Company recognizes
potential interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions recognized in income tax expense were not material. In addition
 the
amount of interest and penalties accrued at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013 were not material. 
 



 

In the third quarter of 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company reduced its liability for
uncertain tax positions by $0.6 million
 $3.4 million and $0.2 million
 respectively. The net effect of the adjustments was a decrease to income tax expense in 2014
 2013 and 2012 of $0.6 million
 $0.9 million and $0.2 million
 respectively. The


 2013. The Act approved a retroactive extension of certain favorable business and energy tax provisions that had
expired at the end of 2011 that are applicable to the Company. The Company recorded a reduction to income tax expense totaling $0.4 million related to the Act in 2013
 which is included in the other
 net line of the reconciliation of income tax
During 2013
 state tax legislation was enacted that
reduced the corporate tax rate in that state from 6.9% to 6.0% effective January&nbsp;1
 2014. A further reduction to the corporate tax rate from 6.0% to 5.0% will become effective January&nbsp;1
 2015. This reduction in the corporate tax rate


 and various tax years beginning in year 1997 remain open to examination by certain state tax jurisdictions to
As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company had $3.3 million and $71.3
million of federal net operating losses and state net operating losses
 respectively
 available to reduce future income taxes. The federal net operating losses would expire in varying amounts through 2032. The state net operating losses would expire
The Company&#146;s income tax assets and liabilities are subject to adjustment in future
periods based on the Company&#146;s ongoing evaluations of such assets and liabilities and new information that becomes available to the Company. 
 



 

Deferred income taxes are recorded based upon temporary differences between the
financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and available net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Temporary differences and carryforwards that comprised deferred income tax assets and liabilities were as follows: 















Dec.&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2014


Dec.&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2013





139
744



122
608





77
311



69
905





42
271



42
071





10
777



10
082





4
237



4
357





4
361



4
046









1
085

























279
496



254
600















(42
990



(40
152





(26
783



(25
892





(25
951



(9
919





(18
084









(16
049



(13
451





(6
265



(6
201





(4
075



(5
372





(3
584



(1
157





(3
472



(3
606

























(147
307



(105
752















3
640



3
553















(4
171



(1
007















140
000



153
408
















Valuation allowances are recognized on deferred tax assets if the Company believes that it is more likely than not that some or all of the
deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company believes the majority of the deferred tax assets will be realized due to the reversal of certain significant temporary differences and anticipated future taxable income from operations.
The valuation allowance of $3.6 million
 of which $0.2 million was included with the net current deferred income tax asset
 as
of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and $3.5 million
 of which $0.2 million was included with the net current income tax asset
 as of December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively
 was established primarily for certain loss carryforwards which expire in varying
amounts through 2033. 
 



 

 
Accumulated other comprehensive loss is comprised of adjustments relative to the Company&#146;s pension and
postretirement medical benefit plans and foreign currency translation adjustments required for a subsidiary of the Company that performs data analysis and provides consulting services outside the United States. 



































During the
Period


to
Income







Dec. 29















Dec. 28
































(43
028



(53
597



20
688



1
743







(74
867

























































(18
441



(9
324



3
598



2
293







(22
759





3
410



8
682



(3
351



(1
513







7
812

























































(58
176



(54
248



20
939



2
559







(89
914





























































During the
Period


to
Income







Dec. 30















Dec. 29
































(76
407



39
337



(15
183




15






(5
816



(43
028

























































(22
425



3
560



(1
374



2
943



(1
145



(18
441





4
334











(1
513







3
410

























































(94
526



42
725



(16
491



16
499



(6
383



(58
176


































































During the
Period


to
Income







Jan. 1















Dec. 30
































(64
789



(21
979



8
651



2
822



(1
112



(76
407

























































(21
244



(4
287



1
687



2
339







(22
425





5
251











(1
513







4
334

























































(80
820



(26
267



10
338



3
665



(1
442



(94
526




























 



 

 



















Net&nbsp;
Pension


Benefits
Activity

































S
D&amp;A expenses


1
423







2
102



















1
779







2
559

































1
092







1
571

































1
356







1
528


S
D&amp;A expenses


13
713



1
258



14
971



















15
069



1
430



16
499





5
827







6
383



















9
242







10
116












































S
D&amp;A expenses


2
527







3
254



















2
839







3
665





1
118







1
442



















1
721







2
223
















 
The Company has two classes of common stock outstanding
 Common Stock and Class B Common Stock.


No cash dividend or dividend of property or stock
other than stock of the Company
 as specifically described in the Company&#146;s certificate of incorporation
 may be declared and paid on the Class B Common Stock unless an equal or greater dividend is declared and paid on the Common Stock. During
2014
 2013 and 2012
 dividends of $1.00 per share were declared and paid on both Common Stock and Class B Common Stock. Total cash dividends paid in 2014
 2013 and 2012 were $9.3 million
 $9.2 million
 and $9.2 million
 respectively. 
Each share of Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share and each share of Class B Common Stock is entitled to 20 votes per share at
all meetings of shareholders. Except as otherwise required by law
 holders of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters brought before the Company&#146;s stockholders. In the event of liquidation
 there
Compensation expense for the Performance Unit Award Agreement
recognized in 2014 was $3.5 million which was based upon a share price of $88.55 on December&nbsp;26
 2014 (the last trading date prior to December&nbsp;28
 2014). Compensation expense for the Performance Unit Award Agreement recognized in 2013 was
$2.9 million 
 



 

 
which was based upon a share price of $72.98 on December&nbsp;27
 2013. Compensation expense for the Performance Unit Award Agreement recognized in 2012 was $2.6 million
 which was based upon a
share price of $65.58 on December&nbsp;28
On March&nbsp;3
 2015
&nbsp;March&nbsp;4
 2014 and March&nbsp;5
 2013
 the
Compensation Committee determined that 40
000 shares of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock should be issued in each year pursuant to a Performance Unit Award Agreement to J. Frank Harrison
 III
 in connection with his services in 2014
 2013 and
2012
 respectively
 as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. As permitted under the terms of the Performance Unit Award Agreement
 19
080
 19
100 and 19
880 of such shares were settled in cash in 2015
 2014
and 2013
 respectively
The
increase in the number of shares outstanding in 2014
 2013 and 2012 was due to the issuance of 20
900
 20
120 and 22
320 shares of Class B Common Stock related to the Performance Unit Award Agreement in each year
 respectively. 
 


 2006 and no benefits have accrued to participants after this date. The Company also sponsors a pension plan
for certain employees under collective bargaining agreements. Benefits under the pension plan for collectively bargained employees are determined in accordance with negotiated formulas for the respective participants. Contributions to the plans are
During
2014
 the Company updated its mortality assumptions used in the calculation of its pension liability as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. The Society of Actuaries released new mortality tables in 2014
 which reflect the increase in longevity in the U.S.
In the third quarter of 2013
 the Company offered a limited Lump Sum Window distribution of present valued pension benefits to
terminated plan participants meeting certain criteria. Benefit distributions were made during the fourth quarter of 2013. Based upon the number of plan participants electing to take the lump-sum distribution and the total amount of such
distributions
 the Company incurred a noncash charge of $12.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 when the distributions were made in accordance with the relevant accounting standards. The reduction in the number of plan participants and the
The following tables set forth pertinent
information for the two Company-sponsored pension plans: 





























226
265



280
099















11
603



12
014





49
500



(29
862





(7
808



(43
499









7
221

























279
669



226
265












 



 

The Company recognized an actuarial loss of $51.9 million in 2014 primarily due to a
change in the discount rate from 5.21% in 2013 to 4.32% in 2014. The actuarial loss
 net of tax
 was also recorded in other comprehensive loss. The Company recognized an actuarial gain of $54.4 million in 2013 primarily due to a change in the
discount rate from 4.47% in 2012 to 5.21% in 2013. The actuarial gain
 net of tax
 was recorded in other comprehensive loss. 
The projected benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations for both of the Company&#146;s pension plans were in excess of plan
assets at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013. The accumulated benefit obligation was $279.7 million and $226.3 million at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 respectively. 
























200
824



206
555





9
676



30
493





10
000



7
275





(7
808



(43
499















212
692



200
824


























Dec. 28



Dec. 29






(279
669



(226
265





212
692



200
824















(66
977



(25
441



























Dec. 28



Dec. 29
















(66
977



(25
441















(66
977



(25
441






























































11
603



12
014



12
451





(13
775



(13
797



(12
462









12
014























1
743



3
027



2
822























13
407



2
933
















 



 




















































































































































8
763





9
219





9
749





10
425





11
033





65
333

Anticipated contributions for the two Company-sponsored pension plans will be in the range of $7 million


 actual asset allocation at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013 and the expected weighted average long-term rate of return
by asset category were as follows: 


























Assets
at


Long-Term










































































































































All of the assets in the Company&#146;s pension plans include investments in institutional investment
funds managed by professional investment advisors which hold U.S. equities
 international equities and debt securities. The objective of the Company&#146;s investment philosophy is to earn the plans&#146; targeted rate of return over longer periods
without assuming excess investment risk. The general guidelines for plan investments include 30% - 50% in large capitalization equity securities
 0% - 20% in U.S. small and mid-capitalization equity securities

 



 

U.S. large capitalization equity securities include domestic based companies that are
generally included in common market indices such as the S&amp;P 500&#153; and the Russell 1000&#153;. U.S. small and mid-capitalization equity securities include small domestic equities as represented by the Russell 2000&#153; index. International
equity securities include companies from developed markets outside of the United States. Debt securities at December&nbsp;28
 2014 are comprised of investments in two institutional bond funds with a weighted average duration of approximately three
The weighted average expected long-term rate of return of plan assets of 7% was used in determining net periodic
pension cost in both 2014 and 2013. This rate reflects an estimate of long-term future returns for the pension plan assets. This estimate is primarily a function of the asset classes (equities versus fixed income) in which the pension plan assets
are invested and the analysis of past performance of these asset classes over a long period of time. This analysis includes expected long-term inflation and the risk premiums associated with equity investments and fixed income investments.
The following table summarizes the Company&#146;s pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (at least
annually) at December&nbsp;28
 2014: 


















(Level
1)





























127
311



127
311





































84
739



84
739























212
073



212
692



















The underlying investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that are valued at the net
The following table
summarizes the Company&#146;s pension plan assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) at December&nbsp;29
 2013: 


















(Level
1)

























































120
044



120
044





































79
960



79
960























200
200



200
824




















 



 




The underlying investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that are valued at the net
The Company does not
have any unobservable inputs (Level 3) pension plan assets. 
The Company provides a 401(k) Savings Plan for substantially all of its employees who are not part of collective bargaining agreements.
During the first quarter of 2012
 the Company changed the Company&#146;s matching contribution from fixed to discretionary
maintaining the option to make matching contributions for eligible participants of up to 5% based on the Company&#146;s financial results for 2012 and future years. The 5% matching contribution was accrued during 2013 and 2012. Based on the
Company&#146;s financial results
 the Company decided to make matching contributions of 5% of participants&#146; contributions for the years of 2013 and 2012. The Company made these contribution payments for 2013 and 2012 in the first quarter of
2014 and 2013
 respectively. During 2014
 the Company matched the first 3.5% of participants&#146; contributions
 or $6.7 million
 while maintaining the option to increase the matching contributions an additional 1.5%
 for a total of 5%
 for the
Company&#146;s employees based on the financial results for 2014. Based on the Company&#146;s financial results
 the Company decided to make the additional matching contribution of 1.5%. The Company made this contribution payment in the first
quarter of 2015. The total expense for this benefit was $8.8 million
 $8.3 million and $8.2 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012


portion of its current employees. The Company recognizes the cost of postretirement benefits
 which consist principally of medical benefits
 during employees&#146; periods of active service. The Company does not pre-fund these benefits and has the
right to modify or terminate certain of these benefits in the future. 
 



 

The following tables set forth a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of
the benefit obligation
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets and funded status of the Company&#146;s postretirement benefit plan: 





























67
840



69
828





1
445



1
626





3
255



2
877





(8
681



















9
323



(3
560





(3
685



(3
611

























70
121



67
840





























3
061



2
931















(3
685



(3
611
















































Dec. 28



Dec. 29






(2
998



(2
682





(67
123



(65
158















(70
121



(67
840
















































1
445



1
626



1
256





3
255



2
877



2
981





2
293



2
943



2
339





(1
513



(1
513



(1
513



















5
480



5
933



5
063



































































































 



 

The weighted average health care cost trend used in measuring the postretirement benefit
expense in 2014 for pre-Medicare was 8.0% graded down to an ultimate rate of 5.0% in 2021
 and for post-Medicare was 7.5% graded down to an ultimate rate of 5.0% in 2021. The weighted average health care cost trend used in measuring the
postretirement benefit expense in 2013 was 8.0% graded down to an ultimate rate of 5.0% by 2019. The weighted average health care cost trend used in measuring the postretirement benefit expense in 2012 was 8.5% graded down to an ultimate rate of
A 1% increase or decrease in this annual health care cost trend would have impacted the postretirement benefit
obligation and service cost and interest cost of the Company&#146;s postretirement benefit plan as follows: 






























Postretirement benefit obligation at December&nbsp;28
 2014


8
036



(7
495

























Anticipated future postretirement benefit payments reflecting expected future service for the fiscal
years:





2
998





3
193





3
440





3
802





4
096





22
522

Anticipated future postretirement benefit payments are shown net of Medicare Part D subsidy
reimbursements
The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that have not yet been recognized
as components of net periodic benefit cost at December&nbsp;29
 2013
 the activity during 2014
 and the balances at December&nbsp;28
 2014 are as follows: 






















Dec.&nbsp;29









Dec.&nbsp;28
























(71
787



(53
597



1
743



(123
641









































(31
268



(9
324



2
293



(38
299





5
674



8
682



(1
513



12
843























(97
580



(54
239



2
559



(149
260




















 



 

The amounts in accumulated other comprehensive loss that are expected to be recognized
as components of net periodic cost during 2015 are as follows: 






























3
182



2
870



6
052









(3
360



(3
325



















3
217







2
727

















participating in this multi-employer plan are different from single-employer plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If a participating employer stops
contributing to the plan
 the unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining participating employers. If the Company chooses to stop participating in the multi-employer plan
 the Company could be required to pay the plan a withdrawal


 the Employers-Teamsters Local Union Nos. 175 and 505 Pension Fund (&#147;the Plan&#148;)
 to which the Company makes monthly
contributions on behalf of such employees. The Plan was certified by the Plan&#146;s actuary as being in &#147;critical&#148; status for the plan year beginning January&nbsp;1
 2013. As a result
 the Plan adopted a &#147;Rehabilitation Plan&#148;
effective January&nbsp;1
 2015. The Company agreed and incorporated such agreement in the renewal of the collective bargaining agreement with the union
 effective April&nbsp;28
 2014
 to participate in the Rehabilitation Plan. The Company will


The
Company&#146;s participation in the plan is outlined in the table below. The most recent Pension Protection Act (&#147;PPA&#148;) zone status available in 2014 and 2013 is for the plan&#146;s years ending at December&nbsp;31
 2013 and 2012
respectively. The plan is in the red zone which represents below 80% funded and does require a financial improvement plan (&#147;FIP&#148;) or a rehabilitation plan (&#147;RP&#148;). 































































































































For the plan year ended December&nbsp;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 the Company was not listed in
Employer-Teamsters Local Nos. 175&nbsp;&amp; 505 Pension Trust Fund Forms 5500 as providing more than 5% of the total contributions for the plan. At the date these financial statements were issued
 Forms 5500 were not available for the plan year
ending December&nbsp;31
The collective bargaining agreements covering the Employer-Teamsters Local Nos. 175&nbsp;&amp;
505 Pension Trust Fund will expire on April&nbsp;29
 2017 and July&nbsp;26
 2015. 
 



 

The Company currently has a liability to a multi-employer pension plan related to the
Company&#146;s exit from the plan in 2008. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company had a liability of $8.9 million recorded. The Company is required to make payments of approximately $1 million each year through 2028 to this multi-employer pension
The Company also made contributions of $0.5 million
 $0.4 million and $0.3 million to multi-employer defined
contribution plans in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. 
 
The Company&#146;s business consists primarily of the production
 marketing and distribution of nonalcoholic beverages
of The Coca-Cola Company
 which is the sole owner of the secret formulas under which the primary components (either concentrate or syrup) of its soft drink products are manufactured. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 The Coca-Cola Company had a 34.8%
interest in the Company&#146;s outstanding Common Stock
 representing 5.0% of the total voting power of the Company&#146;s Common Stock and Class B Common Stock voting together as a single class. As long as The Coca-Cola Company holds the number of
shares of Common Stock that it currently owns
 it has the right to have its designee proposed by the Company for the nomination to the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
 and J. Frank Harrison
 III
 the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company
 and trustees of certain trusts established for the benefit of certain relatives of J. Frank Harrison
 Jr.
 have agreed to vote their share of the Company&#146;s Class B Common Stock which they control in favor of such
The following table summarizes
the significant transactions between the Company and The Coca-Cola Company: 
































Payments by the Company for concentrate
 syrup
 sweetener and other purchases















































































































Payments to the Company to facilitate the distribution of certain brands and packages&nbsp;to other Coca-Cola
bottlers












The Company has a production arrangement with Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc. (&#147;CCR&#148;) to buy
and sell finished products at cost. CCR is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. Sales to CCR under this arrangement were $53.5 million
 $60.2 million and $64.6 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Purchases from CCR under
this arrangement were $68.8 million
 $46.7 million and $31.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 CCR distributes one of the Company&#146;s own brands (Tum-E Yummies). Total sales to CCR for this brand were $22.0 million
 $23.8
million and $22.8 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 the Company transports product for CCR to the Company&#146;s and other Coca-Cola bottlers&#146; locations. Total sales to CCR for transporting CCR&#146;s product were $2.9
million
 $0.9 million
 and $0.9 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
On May&nbsp;7
 2014
 the Company and CCR
entered into the May Asset Purchase Agreement relating to the territory served by CCR through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee. The closing of the transaction contemplated by the May Asset
Purchase Agreement occurred on 
 



 

 
May&nbsp;23
 2014. On August&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into the August Asset Purchase Agreement relating to the territory served by CCR through CCR&#146;s facilities and
equipment located in Knoxville
 Tennessee. The closing of the transaction contemplated by the August Asset Purchase Agreement occurred on October&nbsp;24
 2014. As part of the asset purchase agreements
 the Company signed CBAs which have terms of
ten years and are renewable by the Company indefinitely for successive additional terms of ten years each unless the CBAs are earlier terminated as provided therein. Under the CBAs
 the Company will make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a
continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell the authorized brands of The Coca-Cola Company and related products in the Expansion Territories. The quarterly sub-bottling payment will be based on sales of
certain beverages and beverage products that are sold under the same trademarks that identify a Covered Beverage
 Related Product or certain cross-licensed brands. As of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 the Company has recorded a liability of $46.9 million
to reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration related to the future sub-bottling payments. Total payments to CCR under the CBAs for the May and October Expansion Territories were $0.2 million during 2014. 
See Note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for territory acquisitions completed with CCR and a signed agreement for an
additional territory expansion with CCR which occurred subsequent to December&nbsp;28
 2014. Also see Note 26 for terms of an asset exchange agreement with CCR which is expected to close in the first half of 2015. 
Along with all the other Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States
 the Company is a member in Coca-Cola Bottlers&#146; Sales and Services
Company
 LLC (&#147;CCBSS&#148;)
 which was formed in 2003 for the purposes of facilitating various procurement functions and distributing certain specified beverage products of The Coca-Cola Company with the intention of enhancing the efficiency
and competitiveness of the Coca-Cola bottling system in the United States. CCBSS negotiates the procurement for the majority of the Company&#146;s raw materials (excluding concentrate). The Company pays an administrative fee to CCBSS for its
services. Administrative fees to CCBSS for its services were $0.5 million in each year 2014
 2013 and 2012. Amounts due from CCBSS for rebates on raw material purchases were $4.5 million and $5.1 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and
December&nbsp;29
 2013
The Company is a member of SAC
 a manufacturing
cooperative. SAC sells finished products to the Company and Piedmont at cost. Purchases from SAC by the Company and Piedmont for finished products were $132 million
 $137 million and $141 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
the Company transports product for SAC to the Company&#146;s and other Coca-Cola bottlers&#146; locations. Total sales to SAC for transporting SAC&#146;s product were $7.7 million
 $7.6 million
 and $7.6 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
respectively. The Company also manages the operations of SAC pursuant to a management agreement. Management fees earned from SAC were $1.8 million
 $1.6 million and $1.5 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The Company has also guaranteed a
portion of debt for SAC. Such guarantee amounted to $20.8 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. The Company&#146;s equity investment in SAC was $4.1 million as of both December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013. 
The Company is a shareholder in two entities from which it purchases substantially all of its requirements for plastic bottles. Net
purchases from these entities were $78.4 million
 $79.1 million and $82.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In conjunction with the Company&#146;s participation in one of these entities
 Southeastern
 the Company has guaranteed a portion
of the entity&#146;s debt. Such guarantee amounted to $10.1 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014. The Company&#146;s equity investment in Southeastern was $18.4 million and $17.6 million as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
respectively
The Company holds no assets
as collateral against the SAC or Southeastern guarantees
 the fair value of which is immaterial. 
 



 

The Company monitors its investments in SAC and Southeastern and would be required to
write down its investment if an impairment is identified and the Company determined it to be other than temporary. No impairment of the Company&#146;s investments in SAC or Southeastern has been identified as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 nor was there
any impairment in 2014
The Company leases from Harrison Limited Partnership One (&#147;HLP&#148;) the Snyder
Production Center (&#147;SPC&#148;) and an adjacent sales facility
 which are located in Charlotte
 North Carolina. HLP is directly and indirectly owned by trusts of which J. Frank Harrison
 III
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company
 and Deborah H. Everhart
 a director of the Company
 are trustees and beneficiaries. Morgan H. Everett
 a director of the Company
 is a permissible
 discretionary beneficiary of the trusts that directly or indirectly
own HLP. The lease expires on December&nbsp;31
 2020. The annual base rent the Company is obligated to pay under the lease is subject to an adjustment for an inflation factor. The principal balance outstanding under this capital lease as of
December&nbsp;28
 2014 was $20.0 million. Rental payments related to this lease were $3.7 million
 $3.6 million and $3.5 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012


 2021.
Beacon&#146;s majority shareholder is J. Frank Harrison
 III
 and Morgan H. Everett
 his daughter and a member of the Company&#146;s Board of Directors
 is a minority shareholder. The principal balance outstanding under this capital lease as of
December&nbsp;28
 2014 was $20.6 million. The annual base rent the Company is obligated to pay under the lease is subject to adjustment for increases in the Consumer Price Index. 







































































































The contingent rentals in 2014
 2013 and 2012 are a result of changes in the Consumer Price Index.
Increases or decreases in lease payments that result from changes in the Consumer Price Index were recorded as adjustments to interest expense. 
 
 


















































1
124
802



1
063
154



1
073
071





279
138



247
561



233
895



















1
403
940



1
310
715



1
306
966

































162
346



166
476



152
401





180
083



164
140



155
066



















342
429



330
616



307
467



















1
746
369



1
641
331



1
614
433
















100




 

Sparkling beverages are carbonated beverages
 including energy products
 while still
beverages are noncarbonated beverages. 
 
The following table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share and diluted net income per share under the
two-class method. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information related to net income per share. 

















































31
354



27
675



27
217



















7
141



7
141



7
141





2
125



2
104



2
083



















22
088



18
430



17
993



















17
021



14
234



13
927





5
067



4
196



4
066



















22
088



18
430



17
993



















16
948



14
173



13
867





5
140



4
257



4
126



















22
088



18
430



17
993

































7
141



7
141



7
141





17
021



14
234



13
927



















24
162



21
375



21
068

































2
125



2
104



2
083





5
067



4
196



4
066



















7
192



6
300



6
149

































7
141



7
141



7
141





2
125



2
104



2
083





22
088



18
430



17
993



















31
354



27
675



27
217
















101




 


















































2
125



2
104



2
083





5
140



4
257



4
126



















7
265



6
361



6
209

































7
141



7
141



7
141










2
126



2
105



2
085





















Common Stock weighted average shares outstanding &#151; diluted (assumes conversion of Class B Common Stock to Common
Stock)


9
307



9
286



9
266










2
166



2
145



2
125






















































































































































For purposes of the diluted net income per share computation for Common Stock
 shares of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be converted; therefore
 100% of
undistributed earnings is allocated to Common Stock. 



For purposes of the diluted net income per share computation for Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be outstanding for
the entire period and not converted. 



Denominator for diluted net income per share for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock includes the diluted effect of shares relative to the Performance Unit Award.

 
Approximately 88% of the Company&#146;s 2014 bottle/can volume to retail customers consists of products of The
Coca-Cola Company
 which is the sole supplier of these products or of the concentrates or syrups required to manufacture these products. The remaining 12% of the Company&#146;s 2014 bottle/can volume to retail customers consists of products of other
beverage companies or those owned by the Company. The Company has beverage agreements with The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies under which it has various requirements to meet. Failure to meet the requirements of these beverage
The Company&#146;s products are sold
and distributed directly by its employees to retail stores and other outlets. During 2014
 approximately 68% of the Company&#146;s bottle/can volume to retail customers was sold for future consumption
 while the remaining bottle/can volume to retail
customers of approximately 32% was sold for immediate consumption. The Company&#146;s largest customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and Food Lion
 LLC
 accounted for approximately 22% and 9%
 respectively
 of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume to
retail 
102




 

 
customers during 2014; accounted for approximately 21% and 8%
 respectively
 of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2013; and accounted for approximately 22% and
8%
 respectively
 of the Company&#146;s total bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2012. Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 15% of the Company&#146;s total net sales during each year 2014
 2013 and 2012. No other customer
The Company obtains all of its
aluminum cans from two domestic suppliers. The Company currently obtains all of its plastic bottles from two domestic entities. See Note 14 and Note 19 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
The Company is exposed to price risk on such commodities as aluminum
 corn and resin which affects the cost of raw materials used in the
production of finished products. The Company both produces and procures these finished products. Examples of the raw materials affected are aluminum cans and plastic bottles used for packaging and high fructose corn syrup used as a product
ingredient. Further
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risk on crude oil which impacts the Company&#146;s cost of fuel used in the movement and delivery of the Company&#146;s products. The Company participates in commodity hedging and risk
mitigation programs administered both by CCBSS and by the Company. In addition
 there is no limit on the price The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies can charge for concentrate. 
Certain liabilities of the Company are subject to risk of changes in both long-term and short-term interest rates. These liabilities
include floating rate debt
The Company&#146;s
contingent consideration liability resulting from the acquisition of the May and October Expansion Territories is subject to risk due to changes in the Company&#146;s probability weighted discounted cash flow model that is based on internal
forecasts and changes in the Company&#146;s weighted average cost of capital
Approximately
6% of the Company&#146;s labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. Two collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 5% of the Company&#146;s employees expired during 2014 and the Company entered into new agreements in
2014. One collective bargaining agreement covering approximately .3% of the Company&#146;s employees will expire during 2015. 
 
 

































Accounts receivable
 trade
 net


(20
116



(2
086



1
991





(4
892



(2
328



(6
221


Accounts receivable
 other






(2
260



2
998





(5
287



3
937









(15
155



6
148



(1
785


Accounts payable
 trade


13
051







1
259





25
116



(1
961



(6
320





(14
399



2
509



6
936





5
145



(2
296



2
008













(1
388



















(16
331
























103




 

 
Additions to property
 plant and equipment of $9.2 million
 $7.2 million and $14.4 million have been accrued but not paid and are recorded
in accounts payable
 trade as of December&nbsp;28
 2014
&nbsp;December&nbsp;29
 2013 and December&nbsp;30
 2012
 respectively. 





































28
021



28
209



35
149





31
009



15
906



14
119


 
The Company evaluates segment reporting in accordance with ASC 280
 Segment Reporting each reporting period
 including
evaluating the reporting package reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#147;CODM&#148;). The Company has concluded the Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer
 as a group
 represent the CODM. The
Company believes five operating segments exist. Two operating segments
 Franchised Nonalcoholic Beverages and Internally-Developed Nonalcoholic Beverages
 have been aggregated due to their similar economic characteristics as well as the similarity
of products
 production processes
 types of customers
 methods of distribution
 and nature of the regulatory environment. This combined segment
 Nonalcoholic Beverages
 represents the vast majority of the Company&#146;s consolidated revenues
operating income
 and assets. The remaining three operating segments do not meet the quantitative thresholds for separate reporting
 either individually or in the aggregate. As a result
 these three operating segments have been combined into an
During 2014
 the Company acquired distribution businesses and exclusive distribution
rights in new territories in eastern Tennessee. With the expansion into these territories as well as the prospects for future territory expansion to occur in 2015
 the Company changed the manner in which it manages its business and allocates
resources in the fourth quarter of 2014
 specifically with regard to potential opportunities to provide transportation services to both related and unrelated third parties in these new geographic areas. As a result
 the Company determined its
transportation services constituted a separate operating segment and is included in the &#147;All Other&#148; segment. 
104




 

 


















































1
710
040



1
613
309



1
592
289





123
194



108
224



99
516





(86
865



(80
202



(77
372



















1
746
369



1
641
331



1
614
433

































82
297



66
084



81
333





3
670



7
563



7
353



















85
967



73
647



88
686

































58
103



56
266



58
797





3
027



2
405



2
787



















61
130



58
671



61
584

































69
635



47
241



57
421





16
739



6
923



4
049



















86
374



54
164



61
470

































1
399
057



1
252
286









44
629



36
671









(10
610



(12
801























1
433
076



1
276
156























NOTE - The entire net sales elimination for each year presented represent net sales from the All Other segment to the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. Sales between
these segments are either recognized at fair market value or cost depending on the nature of the transaction. 
105




 

 
Set forth below are unaudited quarterly financial data for the fiscal years ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 and
December&nbsp;29
 2013. Net sales in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 include the sales in the May and October Expansion Territories. 























 2014





















388
582



459
473



457
676



440
638





156
333



185
520



184
942



178
444





2
449



13
783



12
132



2
990




































































































































 2013




















383
551



428
979



434
464



394
337





153
699



170
315



176
112



158
514





4
862



11
229



16
169



(4
585













































































































The unvested performance units granted to Mr.&nbsp;Harrison in 2013 were excluded from the computation of
diluted net earnings per share from the fourth quarter 2013 calculation
 because their effect would have been anti-dilutive. 





Net income in the first quarter of 2014 included $2.0 million ($1.2 million
 net of tax
 or $.13 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the second quarter of 2014 included $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or $.20 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net sales for the second
 third
 and fourth quarters of 2014 included $4.3 million
 $11.8 million and $29.0 million
 respectively
 of sales related to the Expansion
Territories. 
106




 




Net income in the third quarter of 2014 included $2.6 million ($1.6 million
 net of tax
 or $.17 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the fourth quarter of 2014 included $5.2 million ($3.2 million
 net of tax
 or $.34 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the fourth quarter of 2014 included $1.1 million ($0.7 million
 net of tax
 or $0.07 per basic common share) expense related to the fair value adjustment
for the acquisition related contingent consideration. 



Net income in the second quarter of 2013 included $1.1 million ($0.6 million
 net of tax
 or $.07 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the third quarter of 2013 included $1.6 million ($1.0 million
 net of tax
 or $.11 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the third quarter of 2013 included a $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or $0.20 per basic common share) credit related to a refund of 2012
cooperative trade marketing funds paid by the Company to The Coca-Cola Company that were not spent in 2012. 



Net income in the third quarter of 2013 included a $2.3 million reduction to income tax expense ($0.24 per basic common share) related to state tax legislation enacted
during 2013. 



Net income in the fourth quarter of 2013 included $1.7 million
 ($1.1 million net of tax
 or $.12 per basic common share) expenses related to the Company&#146;s
franchise territory expansion. 



Net income in the fourth quarter of 2013 included a $12.0 million ($7.3 million
 net of tax
 or $0.79 per basic common share) noncash settlement charge related to a
voluntary lump-sum pension distribution. 
 
 
On December&nbsp;5
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset purchase agreement (the &#147;December Asset Purchase Agreement&#148;)
related to the territory served by CCR through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Cleveland and Cookeville
 Tennessee (the &#147;January 2015 Acquisition Territory&#148;). The closing of this transaction occurred on January&nbsp;30
2015
 for a cash purchase price of $13.8 million
 which will remain subject to adjustment until March&nbsp;13
 2016


 but
any adjustments are not expected to be material. 
107




 

The fair values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the acquisition date
are summarized as follows: 






















1
237





1
001


Property
 plant and equipment


6
717











1
145





17
750











28
342

















13
729











14
573







The fair value of the preliminary purchase price allocation to the identifiable intangible assets is as
follows: 























17
200





























17
750















The goodwill of $1.1 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the acquired business. None of
The preliminary purchase price allocation and the
financial results of the acquisition territory have not been included in the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 because the acquisition occurred in the first quarter of 2015. 
On December&nbsp;18
 2014
 the Company signed an asset purchase agreement with CCR relating to the territory currently served by CCR
through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Louisville
 Kentucky and Evansville
 Indiana (the &#147;Louisville and Evansville Expansion Territory&#148;).&nbsp;The asset purchase agreement
 together with the CBA the Company entered into
with CCR at the closing of this transaction
 which occurred on February&nbsp;27
 2015
 grant the Company certain exclusive rights in the Louisville and Evansville Expansion Territory and obligate the Company to make a quarterly sub-bottling payment
to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of such rights are described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&nbsp;18
 2014. The aggregate purchase price paid by the Company in
cash at the closing for the transferred assets
 after deducting the value of certain retained assets and retained liabilities
 was approximately $19.8 million.&nbsp;The amount paid remains subject to adjustment post-closing. The Company has not
completed the preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the individual acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805. 


 Monster Energy Corporation and The Coca-Cola Company announced that they had entered into definitive agreements providing for a long-term strategic partnership in the global energy drink
category. As 
108




 

 
part of their agreements to form a long-term strategic partnership
 Monster Energy Corporation
 through its operating subsidiary Monster Energy Company (&#147;MEC&#148;)
 and The Coca-Cola
Company have agreed that
 upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by such agreements
 they will enter into an Amended and Restated Distribution Coordination Agreement (as such agreement may become final and definitive
 the
&#147;Coordination Agreement&#148;) that would provide for expanded distribution of certain MEC products (the &#147;MEC Products&#148;) by licensed bottlers of The Coca-Cola Company&#146;s products in the territories in which these bottlers
distribute products of The Coca-Cola Company upon execution of mutually agreed upon distribution agreements between MEC and these licensed bottlers. On December&nbsp;17
 2014
 the Company entered into an agreement (the &#147;MEC Products Consent
Agreement&#148;) with The Coca-Cola Company (acting through its Coca-Cola North America Division) whereby The Coca-Cola Company has consented to the Company distributing MEC Products in that portion of the territories the Company serves where the
Company does not currently distribute MEC Products pursuant to a distribution agreement the Company and MEC are currently negotiating. In exchange for giving its consent to the Company&#146;s proposed MEC Distribution Agreement
 the Company has
agreed to pay The Coca-Cola Company an amount based on the number of standard physical cases of MEC Products sold by the current distributor of such products in the Additional MEC Products Territory during the twelve-month period immediately
preceding the date that the Company begins distributing MEC Products in the Additional MEC Products Territory. The Company would make the payment
 which is expected to be between $25 million and $30 million
 when the Company begins distributing MEC
Products pursuant to the MEC Distribution Agreement. The details of the MEC Products Consent Agreement are described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December&nbsp;19
 2014. The MEC
Distribution Agreement has not been executed yet
 and
 consequently
 the payment required to be made to The Coca-Cola Company under the MEC Products Consent Agreement has not been made as of the date the Company is filing this Form 10-K. 

On February&nbsp;13
 2015
 the Company signed an asset purchase agreement with CCR relating to the territory currently served by CCR
through CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Paducah and Pikeville
 Kentucky (the &#147;Paducah and Pikeville Expansion Territory&#148;).&nbsp;The asset purchase agreement
 together with the CBA the Company expects to enter into at the
closing of this transaction with CCR
 would grant the Company certain exclusive rights in the Paducah and Pikeville Expansion Territory and obligate the Company to make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of
such rights
 are described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&nbsp;18
 2015. The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination under FASB Accounting Standards
Asset Exchange Agreement
On October&nbsp;17
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an agreement (the &#147;Asset Exchange Agreement&#148;)
pursuant to which CCR has agreed to exchange certain assets of CCR relating to the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the territory currently served by CCR&#146;s facilities and equipment located
in Lexington
 Kentucky (the &#147;Lexington Expansion Territory&#148;)
 including the rights to produce such beverages in the Lexington Expansion Territory in exchange for certain assets of the Company relating to the marketing
 promotion
distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and other beverage products in the territory currently served by the Company&#146;s facilities and equipment located in Jackson
 Tennessee
 including the rights to produce such beverages in that territory. The
Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#147;SEC&#148;) on October&nbsp;20
 2014
 which includes a summary description of the Asset Exchange Agreement. The Company anticipates the closing of the
transactions for the Lexington Expansion Territory will occur in the first half of 2015. 
109




 
Management of Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated (the &#147;Company&#148;) is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company&#146;s chief
executive and chief financial officers to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company&#146;s consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with the U.S.


 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets of the Company; 
(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and the directors of the Company; and 
(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or
Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
due to changes in conditions
Our evaluation
did not include the internal controls over financial reporting of the Expansion Territories acquired during 2014. Total assets and total net sales for the territories acquired during 2014 represent approximately 7.4% and 2.6%
 respectively
 of the
related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;28
As of
December&nbsp;28
 2014
&nbsp;issued by the
Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment
 management determined that the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;28
 2014 was effective. 
The effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;28
 2014
 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
March&nbsp;13
2015 
110




 

In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item&nbsp;15(a)(1) present fairly
 in all
material respects
 the financial position of Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated and its subsidiaries at December&nbsp;28
 2014 and December&nbsp;29
 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the
period ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In addition
 in our opinion
 the financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item&nbsp;15(a)(2)
presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set forth therein when read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December&nbsp;28
 2014
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).
The Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over
financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements
 on the financial statement schedule
 and on the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the
financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating
the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies
or procedures may deteriorate. 
111




As described in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control Over Financing Reporting
management has excluded the Expansion Territories from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 28
 2014 because they were acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2014. We have also
excluded the Expansion Territories from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. The Expansion Territories&#146; total assets and total sales represent approximately 7.4% and 2.6%
 respectively
 of the related consolidated financial
statement amounts as of and for the year ended December 28
 2014 

Charlotte


 2015 
112




The financial statement schedule required by Regulation S-X is set forth in response to
The supplementary data required by Item&nbsp;302 of Regulation S-K is set forth in Note 25 to the
consolidated financial statements. 










 the Company carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#146;s management
 including the Company&#146;s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#146;s &#147;disclosure controls and procedures&#148; (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the
&#147;Exchange Act&#148;)) pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) of the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation
 the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of
December&nbsp;28
Management&#146;s report on internal control over financial reporting required by Section&nbsp;404 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 on the financial statements
 and its opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting as of December&nbsp;28
There has been no change in the
Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December&nbsp;28
 2014 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting.






113




 




Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
For information with respect to the executive officers of the Company
 see &#147;Executive Officers of the Company&#148; included as a
separate item at the end of Part I of this Report. For information with respect to the Directors of the Company
 see the &#147;Proposal 1: Election of Directors&#148; section of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which
is incorporated herein by reference. For information with respect to Section&nbsp;16 reports
 see the &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; section of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
which is incorporated herein by reference. For information with respect to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
 see the &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Committees&#148; section of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders
The Company has adopted a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial
Officers
 which is intended to qualify as a &#147;code of ethics&#148; within the meaning of Item&nbsp;406 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act (the &#147;Code of Ethics&#148;). The Code of Ethics applies to the Company&#146;s Chief Executive
Officer; Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer; Chief Accounting Officer; Vice President and Treasurer and any other person performing similar functions. The Code of Ethics is available on the Company&#146;s website at
. The Company intends to disclose any substantive amendments to
 or waivers from
 its Code of Ethics on its website or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 






 see the &#147;Executive Compensation Tables
&#148; &#147;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
&#148;
&#147;Compensation Committee Report
&#148; &#147;Director Compensation&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; The Board&#146;s Role in Risk Oversight&#148; sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which are
incorporated herein by reference. 




For information with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management
 see the &#147;Principal Stockholders&#148;
and &#147;Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers&#148; sections of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which are incorporated herein by reference. For information with respect to securities authorized for
issuance under equity compensation plans
 see the &#147;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#148; section of the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is incorporated herein by reference. 




Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
For information with respect to certain relationships and related transactions
 see the &#147;Related Person Transactions&#148; section of
the Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is incorporated herein by reference. For certain information with respect to director independence
 see the disclosures in the &#147;Corporate Governance&#148; section of the
Proxy Statement for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders regarding director independence
 which are incorporated herein by reference. 





 see &#147;Proposal 3: Ratification of the Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#148; of the Proxy Statement
for the 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 which is incorporated herein by reference. 
114




 




































































All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been omitted because the required information is included in the consolidated financial statements or the
notes thereto
 or is not applicable or required. 




The
agreements included in the following exhibits to this report are included to provide information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the
agreements. Some of the agreements contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreements. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable
agreements and: 





should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact
 but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those
statements prove to be inaccurate; 





may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement
 which
disclosures are not necessarily reflected in the agreement; 





may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from what may be viewed as material to you or other investors; and






were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement and are subject to more
Accordingly
 these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of
affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. 
115




 


















Asset Exchange Agreement for Lexington
 Kentucky Territory Expansion dated October 17
 2014 by and between Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc.
 the Company and certain of the
Company&#146;s wholly-owned subsidiaries identified on the signature pages thereto.

Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20
 2014 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Asset Purchase Agreement for Paducah and Pikeville
 Kentucky Territory Expansion dated February&nbsp;13
 2015
 by and between 
Refreshments USA
 Inc. and the Company.

Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February&nbsp;18
 2015 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29
 2003 (File No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10
 2007 (File No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-1 as filed on May 31
 1985 (File No. 2-97822).



Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of March 3
 1995
 between the Company and Citibank
 N.A. (as successor to NationsBank of Georgia
 National Association
 the initial
trustee).

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




Officers&#146; Certificate pursuant to Sections 102 and 301 of the Indenture
 dated as of July 20
 1994
 as supplemented and restated by the Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of
March 3
 1995
 between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company
 N.A.
 as successor trustee
 relating to the establishment of the Company&#146;s $110
000
000 aggregate principal amount of 7.00% Senior Notes due 2019.

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



Resolutions adopted by Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company related to the establishment of the Company&#146;s $110
000
000 aggregate principal amount of
7.00% Senior Notes due 2019.

Exhibit 4.3 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27
 2003 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 2
 2005 (File No. 0-9286).





Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7
 2009 (File&nbsp;No.&nbsp;0-9286).
116





















Third Amended and Restated Promissory Note
 dated as of June 16
 2010
 by and between the Company and Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership.

Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



The registrant
 by signing this report
 agrees to furnish the Securities and Exchange Commission
 upon its request
 a copy of any instrument which defines the rights of holders of
long-term debt of the registrant and its consolidated subsidiaries which authorizes a total amount of securities not in excess of 10 percent of the total assets of the registrant and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.





Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated October 16
 2014
 by and among the Company
 the lenders named therein
 JP Morgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as issuing lender and administrative
agent
 Citibank
 N.A. and Wells Fargo Bank
 National Association
 as co-syndication agents
 and Branch Banking and Trust Company
 as documentation agent.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 22
 2014 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement
 effective as of July 15
 1993
 made by the Company and each of the other guarantor parties thereto in favor of Trust Company Bank and
Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America.

Exhibit 10.10 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




Amended and Restated Guaranty Agreement
 dated as of May 18
 2000
 made by the Company in favor of Wachovia Bank
 N.A.

Exhibit 10.17 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2001




Guaranty Agreement
 dated as of December 1
 2001
 made by the Company in favor of Wachovia
 Bank
 N.A.

Exhibit 10.18 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30
 2001




Amended and Restated Stock Rights and Restrictions Agreement
 dated February 19
 2009
 by and among the Company
 The Coca-Cola Company
 Carolina Coca-Cola Bottling Investments
 Inc.
and J. Frank Harrison
 III.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19
 2009 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Termination of Irrevocable Proxy and Voting Agreement
 dated February 19
 2009
 by and between The Coca-Cola Company and J. Frank Harrison
 III.

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 19
 2009 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Form of Master Bottle Contract (&#147;Cola Beverage Agreement&#148;)
 made and entered into
 effective January 27
 1989
 between The Coca-Cola Company and the Company
 together with
Form of Home Market Amendment to Master Bottle Contract
 effective as of October 29
 1999.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



Form of Allied Bottle Contract (&#147;Allied Beverage Agreement&#148;)
 made and entered into
 effective January 11
 1990
 between The Coca-Cola Company and the Company (as
successor to Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Anderson
 S.C.).

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3
 2010 (File No.
0-9286).
117





















Letter Agreement
 dated January 27
 1989
 between The Coca-Cola Company and the Company
 modifying the Cola Beverage Agreements and Allied Beverage Agreements.

Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



Form of Marketing and Distribution Agreement (&#147;Still Beverage Agreement&#148;)
 made and entered into effective October 1
 2000
 between The Coca-Cola Company and the Company
(as successor to Metrolina Bottling Company)
 with respect to Dasani.

Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



Form of Letter Agreement
 dated December 10
 2001
 between The Coca-Cola Company and the Company
 together with Letter Agreement
 dated December 14
 1994
 modifying the Still
Beverage Agreements.

Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 3
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



2014 Incidence Pricing Letter Agreement
 dated December 20
 2013
 between the Company and The Coca-Cola Company
 by and through its Coca-Cola North America division.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 26
 2013 (File No. 0-9286).



Letter Agreement
 dated as of March 10
 2008
 by and between the Company and The Coca-Cola Company.**

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
 2008 (File No. 0-9286).



Lease
 dated as of January 1
 1999
 by and between the Company and Ragland Corporation.

Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2000




First Amendment to Lease and First Amendment to Memorandum of Lease
 dated as of August 30
 2002
 between the Company and Ragland Corporation.

Exhibit 10.33 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




Lease Agreement
 dated as of March 23
 2009
 between the Company and Harrison Limited Partnership One.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 26
 2009 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Lease Agreement
 dated as of December 18
 2006
 between CCBCC Operations
 LLC and Beacon Investment Corporation.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21
 2006 (File No. 0-9286).



Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of Coca-Cola Bottlers&#146; Sales &amp; Services Company LLC
 made as of January 1
 2003
 by and between Coca-Cola Bottlers&#146; Sales
&amp; Services Company LLC and Consolidated Beverage Co.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company.

Exhibit 10.35 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




Partnership Agreement of Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership (formerly known as Carolina Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership)
 dated as of July 2
 1993
 by and among Carolina
Coca-Cola Bottling Investments
 Inc.
 Coca-Cola Ventures
 Inc.
 Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Affiliated
 Inc.
 Fayetteville Coca-Cola Bottling Company and Palmetto Bottling Company.

Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002

118





















Master Amendment to Partnership Agreement
 Management Agreement and Definition and Adjustment Agreement
 dated as of January 2
 2002
 by and among Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling
Partnership
 CCBC of Wilmington
 Inc.
 The Coca-Cola Company
 Piedmont Partnership Holding Company
 Coca-Cola Ventures
 Inc. and the Company.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 14
 2002 (File&nbsp;No. 0-9286).



Fourth Amendment to Partnership Agreement
 dated as of March 28
 2003
 by and among Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership
 Piedmont Partnership Holding Company and Coca-Cola
Ventures
 Inc.

Exhibit 4.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
 2003 (File No. 0-9286).



Management Agreement
 dated as of July 2
 1993
 by and among the Company
 Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership (formerly known as Carolina Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership)
 CCBC
of Wilmington
 Inc.
 Carolina Coca-Cola Bottling Investments
 Inc.
 Coca-Cola Ventures
 Inc. and Palmetto Bottling Company.

Exhibit 10.8 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




First Amendment to Management Agreement (relating to the Management Agreement designated as Exhibit 10.22 of this Exhibit Index) effective as of January 1
 2001.

Exhibit 10.14 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2000




Management Agreement
 dated as of March 12
 2014
 by and among CCBCC Operations
 LLC
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and South Atlantic Canners
 Inc.

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
 2014 (File No. 0-9286).



Agreement
 dated as of March 1
 1994
 between the Company and South Atlantic Canners
 Inc.

Exhibit 10.12 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29
 2002




Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Amended and Restated Annual Bonus Plan
 effective January 1
 2012.*





Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Amended and Restated Long-Term Performance Plan
 effective January 1
 2012.*







Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 4
 2010 (File No. 0-9286).



Performance Unit Award Agreement
 dated February 27
 2008.*





Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Supplemental Savings Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated effective November 1
 2011.*

Exhibit 10.31 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January&nbsp;1
 2012

119





















Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Director Deferral Plan
 effective January 1
 2005.*

Exhibit 10.17 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1
 2006




Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Officer Retention Plan
 as amended and restated effective January 1
 2007.*

Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1
 2007 (File No. 0-9286).



Amendment No. 1 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Officer Retention Plan
 as amended and restated effective January 1
 2009. *

Exhibit 10.32 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2008




Life Insurance Benefit Agreement
 effective as of December 28
 2003
 by and between the Company and Jan M. Harrison
 Trustee under the J. Frank Harrison
 III 2003 Irrevocable Trust
John R. Morgan
 Trustee under the Harrison Family 2003 Irrevocable Trust
 and J. Frank Harrison
 III.*

Exhibit 10.37 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 28
 2003




Form of Amended and Restated Split-Dollar and Deferred Compensation Replacement Benefit Agreement
 effective as of November 1
 2005
 between the Company and eligible employees of
the Company.*

Exhibit 10.24 to the Company&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 1
 2006




Form of Split-Dollar and Deferred Compensation Replacement Benefit Agreement Election Form and Agreement Amendment
 effective as of June 20
 2005
 between the Company and certain
executive officers of the Company.*

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 24
 2005 (File&nbsp;No.&nbsp;0-9286).



Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated Long Term Retention Plan
 adopted effective as of March 5
 2014.

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
 2014 (File No. 0-9286).



Comprehensive Beverage Agreement for the Johnson City/Morristown territory
 dated as of May 23
 2014
 by and among the Company
 The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola Refreshments
USA
 Inc.**

Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29
 2014 (File No. 0-9286).



Finished Goods Supply Agreement for the Johnson City/Morristown territory
 dated as of May 23
 2014
 by and among the Company
 The Coca-Cola Company and Coca-Cola Refreshments
 USA
Inc.**

Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29
 2014 (File No. 0-9286).



Ancillary Business Letter
 dated as of May&nbsp;23
 2014 by and between the Company and The Coca-Cola Company.

Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29
 2014 (File No. 0-9286).



Monster Energy Corporation Products Consent Agreement dated December 17
 2014
 by The Coca-Cola Company
 acting by and through its Coca-Cola North America Division
 and the
Company.**














120





















 and
Form S-8 (Registration 

















Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.





Financial statement from the annual report on Form 10-K of Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated for the fiscal year ended December&nbsp;28
 2014
 filed on March 13
 2015
 formatted
in XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (v) the
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements.






Management contracts and compensatory plans and arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this form pursuant to Item&nbsp;15(c) of this report.




Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Confidential treatment has been requested for such
portions of the exhibit. 



See Item&nbsp;15(a)3






121


























Dec.&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2014


Dec.&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2013


Dec.&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2012





1
401



1
490



1
521















































1
330



1
401



1
490



































Dec.&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2014


Dec.&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2013


Dec.&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2012





3
553



3
231



1
464





1
203







1
513

































1
123



























3
640



3
553



3
231
















122




 
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this
report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 














.
C






Date: March&nbsp;13
 2015





/s/&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;J. Frank Harrison
 III







J. Frank Harrison
 III









Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 


























H
J. Frank Harrison
 III

Chairman of the Board of Directors



March 13
 2015









B



March 13
 2015








 B.
C
Alexander B. Cummings
 Jr.



March 13
 2015








 A.
D



March 13
 2015








 B.
E




March 13
 2015








 H.
E




March 13
 2015








 H.
E



March 13
 2015








 W.
F

President
 Chief Operating Officer


March 13
 2015








 H.
J



March 13
 2015








 H.
M



March 13
 2015









John W. Murrey
 III



March 13
 2015








 A.
W



March 13
 2015








 E.
H

Senior Vice President
 Shared Services and


March 13
 2015








 J.
B

Vice President
 Chief Accounting Officer

March 13
 2015

123














 

 MARKED BY BRACKETED ASTERISKS HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO RULE&nbsp;424b-2 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED. 
The Coca-Cola Company
 

Coca-Cola Bottling
As part of
their agreements to form a long-term strategic partnership
 Monster Energy Corporation
 through its operating subsidiary Monster Energy Company (&#147;MEC&#148;)
 and The Coca-Cola Company (&#147;KO&#148;) agreed that
 upon the closing of the
transactions contemplated by such agreements
 they will enter into an Amended and Restated Distribution Coordination Agreement (the &#147;Coordination Agreement&#148;) that provides for expanded distribution of certain MEC products (the &#147;MEC
Products&#148;) by licensed bottlers of KO&#146;s products upon execution of mutually agreed distribution agreements between MEC and such licensed bottlers. The Coordination Agreement provides
 among other things
 that KO will facilitate the
issuance of new distribution agreements by MEC to certain bottlers of KO products in bottlers&#146; KO territories
 including by consenting to such distribution to the extent necessary. CCBCC has entered into and in the future may enter into various
In consideration for KO
providing this consent for Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated and its bottling affiliates (collectively
 &#147;Bottler&#148;) to enter into a distribution agreement with MEC
 each of Bottler and KO agrees to the following: 
This agreement entered into
 day of December
 2014
 by The Coca-Cola Company
 acting by and through its Coca-Cola North America Division (&#147;Company&#148;)
 and Bottler (this &#147;Agreement&#148;)
 covers
Bottler&#146;s payments to Company for consent to distribute Products as the term &#147;Products&#148; is defined in the Distribution Agreement currently proposed between MEC and Bottler (such agreement
 as it may become final and definitive
 the
&#147;Distribution Agreement&#148;). This Agreement covers that portion of Bottler&#146;s KO territory where Bottler does not currently distribute Products under Bottler&#146;s October&nbsp;27
 2008 Monster Energy Distribution Agreement
 such
territory being generally depicted on Schedule 1 to this Agreement (&#147;Additional Territory&#148;). In the event MEC appoints Bottler as Distributor within the Additional Territory
 this Agreement will govern the relationship between KO and the
Bottler as to the Products sold by Bottler in this Additional Territory. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the definitions ascribed in the Distribution Agreement. 
Bottler shall commence
distribution of Products in the Territory as set forth in the Distribution Agreement. 



 Bottler shall make the
A. After receiving from Company appropriate credit for SPCs of MEC products
 if any
 sold by Bottler in the Additional
Territory (i)&nbsp;prior to the time of Bottler&#146;s appointment by MEC as Distributor in the Additional Territory (ii)&nbsp;to Accounts authorized by MEC in Bottler&#146;s October&nbsp;27
 2008 Monster Energy Distribution Agreement and to
accounts authorized by MEC under the Monster Energy Sales Agreement letter dated June&nbsp;3
 2014
 Bottler shall
 upon the Commencement Date
 make payment in the amount of [***] per SPC for the number of SPCs sold in the Additional Territory for
the twelve (12)&nbsp;months immediately preceding the Commencement Date of distribution of Products in the Additional Territory; and 
[***] &#150; THIS
CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION HAS BEEN OMITTED AND FILED SEPARATELY WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. 



 Bottler shall make payment to Company in the amount of [***] per SPC for Products
sold in the Additional Territory during the Payment Term
 to be paid on a semi-annual basis to Company. For the avoidance of doubt
 this consent payment is in addition to the Facilitation Fee provided for in the Distribution Agreement. 
Company and Bottler may
subsequently enter into agreement(s) with other provisions that modify or replace the arrangements described in this Agreement
 and to that extent
 such subsequent agreements will govern the parties; provided
 however
 no subsequent agreement will
modify the payment obligations under this Agreement. 

 and the parties agree not to share the contents hereof
with any party without the express written consent of the other party; provided
 however
 such terms and conditions may be disclosed as required by applicable law or an order by a governmental authority or any requirements of stock market or
exchange or other regulatory body having competent jurisdiction; provided
 that
 except where prohibited by law
 the recipient will give the disclosing party reasonable advance notice of such required disclosure
 and will reasonably cooperate with
the disclosing party
 in order to allow the disclosing party an opportunity to oppose or limit the disclosure of such commercial information or otherwise secure confidential treatment of such commercial information required to be disclosed;
provided
 further
 that if disclosure is ultimately required
 the recipient will furnish only that portion of such commercial information which
 based upon advice of legal counsel
 the recipient is required to disclose in compliance with any such
requirement. 

 and neither this Agreement nor the parties&#146; performance hereunder will waive or modify
 any rights under applicable
bottling or distribution agreements or any other agreement
 including
 without limitation
 if applicable
 the Comprehensive Beverage Agreement or Bottler&#146;s Bottle Contract
 as amended
 except that Bottler specifically waives any provisions of
any agreements between Company or Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc. and Bottler
 including
 but not limited to
 if applicable
 the Comprehensive Beverage Agreement and Bottler&#146;s Bottle Contract that provide for favorable treatment (Most Favored
Nations) of Bottler as such provision may apply to this Agreement. 














The Coca-Cola company
 by and through











































 Planning &amp; Administration


EXCHANGE COMMISSION PURSUANT TO A REQUEST FOR CONFIDENTIAL TREATMENT. 


 

Schedule 1 &#150; Agreement between TCCC

<FONT
<FONT
<FONT

















(In
Thousands
 Except Ratios) 

















































55
618



44
244



53
348



















27
337



27
474



33
104





1
938



1
933



2
242





2
523



2
380



1
975



















87
416



76
031



90
669

































27
337



27
474



33
104



















1
938



1
933



2
242





2
523



2
380



1
975



















31
971



31
964



37
432



























































2014 



















CCBCC
 Inc.




















CCBCC Operations
 LLC




















Chesapeake Treatment Company
 LLC




















Coca-Cola Ventures
 Inc.









































Consolidated Real Estate Group
 LLC




















BYB Brands
 Inc.




















Data Ventures
 Inc.




















Heath Oil Co.
 Inc.




















TXN
 Inc.






























































CCBC of Wilmington
 Inc.




















Swift Water Logistics
 Inc.









































Equipment Reutilization Solutions
 LLC




















Red Classic Services
 LLC


















 2014 



















Red Classic Equipment
 LLC




















Red Classic Transportation Services
 LLC




















Red Classic Transit
 LLC




















Red Classic Contractor
 LLC






























 and Form S-8 (No. 333-181345) of Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated of our report dated March 13
 2015 relating to
the financial statements
 financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting


 North Carolina 
March 13
 2015 















 J. Frank Harrison
 III
 certify that: 









Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 








/s/ J. Frank Harrison
 III

Date: March&nbsp;13
 2015

J. Frank Harrison
 III
























 James E. Harris
 certify that: 









Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 










Date: March&nbsp;13
 2015





Senior Vice President
 Shared Services




















 


Bottling Co. Consolidated (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December&nbsp;28
 2014
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 we
 J. Frank Harrison
 III
 Chairman of the
Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and James E. Harris
 Senior Vice President
 Shared Services and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &#167; 1350 as adopted pursuant to &#167; 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly represents
 in all material
respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 




/s/ J. Frank Harrison
 III

J. Frank Harrison
 III





March&nbsp;13
 2015







Senior Vice President
 Shared Services and



March&nbsp;13
 2015




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;10.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Debt&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maturity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;br /&gt;
 Rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest
 Paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revolving credit
 facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Variable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Varies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Variable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Varies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unamortized discount on
 Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;398
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Current portion of
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;378
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The principal
 maturities of debt outstanding on December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has obtained the majority of its long-term debt financing
 other
 than capital leases
 from the public markets. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s total outstanding
 balance of debt and capital lease obligations was $503.8 million of
 which $373.8 million was financed through publicly offered debt.
 The Company had capital lease obligations of $59.0 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. The Company mitigates its financing risk by
 using multiple financial institutions and enters into credit
 arrangements only with institutions with investment grade credit
 ratings. The Company monitors counterparty credit ratings on an
 ongoing basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 October&amp;#xA0;16
 2014
 the Company entered into a $350 million
 five-year unsecured revolving credit facility (&amp;#x201C;$350 million
 facility&amp;#x201D;) which amended and restated the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 existing $200 million five-year unsecured revolving credit
 agreement dated as of September&amp;#xA0;21
 2011 (&amp;#x201C;$200 million
 facility&amp;#x201D;). The $350 million facility has a scheduled
 maturity date of October&amp;#xA0;16
 2019 and up to $50 million is
 available for the issuance of letters of credit. Subject to
 obtaining commitments from the lenders and satisfying other
 conditions specified in the credit agreement
 the Company may
 increase the aggregate availability under the facility to $450
 million. Borrowings under the agreement bear interest at a floating
 base rate or a floating Eurodollar rate plus an applicable margin
 dependent on the Company&amp;#x2019;s credit rating at the time of
 borrowing. At the Company&amp;#x2019;s current credit ratings
 the
 Company must pay an annual facility fee of .15% of the
 lenders&amp;#x2019; aggregate commitments under the facility. The $350
 million facility includes two financial covenants: a cash
 flow/fixed charges ratio (&amp;#x201C;fixed charges coverage
 ratio&amp;#x201D;) and a funded indebtedness/cash flow ratio
 (&amp;#x201C;operating cash flow ratio&amp;#x201D;)
 each as defined in the
 credit agreement. The Company was in compliance with these
 covenants under the $350 million facility at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. These covenants do not currently
 and the Company does not
 anticipate they will
 restrict its liquidity or capital
 resources.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company had $71.0 million of
 outstanding borrowings on the $350 million facility and had $279.0
 million available to meet its cash requirements. On
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the Company had $5.0 million of outstanding
 borrowings on the $200 million facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has $100 million of senior notes which mature in April 2015. The
 Company currently expects to use borrowings under the $350 million
 facility to repay the notes when due and
 accordingly
 has
 classified the $100 million Senior Notes due April 2015 as
 long-term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the Company had $20.0 million outstanding
 on an uncommitted line of credit at a weighted average interest
 rate of .88%. On October&amp;#xA0;31
 2014
 the Company terminated this
 uncommitted line of credit and refinanced the outstanding balance
 with additional borrowings under the $350 million
 facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the Company had
 a weighted average interest rate of 5.8% and 6.2%
 respectively
 for its outstanding debt and capital lease obligations. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s overall weighted average interest rate on its debt
 and capital lease obligations was 5.7%
 5.8% and 6.1% for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 $71.0
 million of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt and capital lease obligations
 of $503.8 million were subject to changes in short-term interest
 rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 indentures under which the Company&amp;#x2019;s public debt was issued
 do not include financial covenants but do limit the incurrence of
 certain liens and encumbrances as well as the incurrence of
 indebtedness by the Company&amp;#x2019;s subsidiaries in excess of
 certain amounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All of the
 outstanding long-term debt has been issued by the Company with none
 being issued by any of the Company&amp;#x2019;s subsidiaries. There are
 no guarantees of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net
 Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 applies the two-class method for calculating and presenting net
 income per share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation
 formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common
 stock according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and
 participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this
 method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations (&amp;#x201C;net income&amp;#x201D;) is reduced by the amount of
 dividends declared in the current period for each class of stock
 and by the contractual amount of dividends that must be paid for
 the current period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The remaining earnings
 (&amp;#x201C;undistributed earnings&amp;#x201D;) are allocated to Common
 Stock and Class B Common Stock to the extent that each security may
 share in earnings as if all of the earnings for the period had been
 distributed. The total earnings allocated to each security is
 determined by adding together the amount allocated for dividends
 and the amount allocated for a participation feature.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The total earnings
 allocated to each security is then divided by the number of
 outstanding shares of the security to which the earnings are
 allocated to determine the earnings per share for the
 security.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic and diluted
 earnings per share (&amp;#x201C;EPS&amp;#x201D;) data are presented for each
 class of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In applying
 the two-class method
 the Company determined that undistributed
 earnings should be allocated equally on a per share basis between
 the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock due to the aggregate
 participation rights of the Class B Common Stock (i.e.
 the voting
 and conversion rights) and the Company&amp;#x2019;s history of paying
 dividends equally on a per share basis on the Common Stock and
 Class B Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s certificate of incorporation
 the Board of
 Directors may declare dividends on Common Stock without declaring
 equal or any dividends on the Class B Common Stock. Notwithstanding
 this provision
 Class B Common Stock has voting and conversion
 rights that allow the Class B Common Stock to participate equally
 on a per share basis with the Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Class B
 Common Stock is entitled to 20 votes per share and the Common Stock
 is entitled to one vote per share with respect to each matter to be
 voted upon by the stockholders of the Company. Except as otherwise
 required by law
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock and Common
 Stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders
 including the election of the
 Board of Directors. As a result
 the holders of the Class B Common
 Stock control approximately 86% of the total voting power of the
 stockholders of the Company and control the election of the Board
 of Directors. The Board of Directors has declared and the Company
 has paid dividends on the Class B Common Stock and Common Stock and
 each class of common stock has participated equally in all
 dividends declared by the Board of Directors and paid by the
 Company since 1994.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Class B
 Common Stock conversion rights allow the Class B Common Stock to
 participate in dividends equally with the Common Stock. The Class B
 Common Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one per
 share basis at any time at the option of the holder. Accordingly
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock can participate equally in
 any dividends declared on the Common Stock by exercising their
 conversion rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As a result
 of the Class B Common Stock&amp;#x2019;s aggregated participation
 rights
 the Company has determined that undistributed earnings
 should be allocated equally on a per share basis to the Common
 Stock and Class B Common Stock under the two-class
 method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic EPS
 excludes potential common shares that were dilutive and is computed
 by dividing net income available for common stockholders by the
 weighted average number of Common and Class B Common shares
 outstanding. Diluted EPS for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 gives effect to all securities representing potential common shares
 that were dilutive and outstanding during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;21.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Net Income Per
 Share&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share and
 diluted net income per share under the two-class method. See Note 1
 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 related to net income per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 132pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic and
 diluted net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less
 dividends:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock assumed converted to Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 132pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for basic net
 income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for diluted
 net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted (assumes conversion of
 Class B Common Stock to Common Stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;NOTES TO
 TABLE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Common Stock
 shares
 of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be converted; therefore
 100% of undistributed earnings is allocated to Common
 Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be
 outstanding for the entire period and not converted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for diluted
 net income per share for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 includes the diluted effect of shares relative to the Performance
 Unit Award.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
 determined on the first-in
 first-out method for finished products
 and manufacturing materials and on the average cost method for
 plastic shells
 plastic pallets and other inventories.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table provides a reconciliation of income tax expense at the
 statutory federal rate to actual income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Statutory
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net
 of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncontrolling interest
 &amp;#x2014; Piedmont&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Adjustment for uncertain
 tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Adjustment for state tax
 legislation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance
 change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital loss
 carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Manufacturing deduction
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Meals and
 entertainment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes
 by assets and liabilities
 the valuation of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred compensation plan and acquisition related
 contingent consideration:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=8 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=8 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Franchise
 rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;106
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;102
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total franchise rights
 and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;626
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;622
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;

 other comprehensive loss that have not yet been recognized as
 components of net periodic benefit cost at December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the activity during 2014
 and the balances at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial&lt;br /&gt;
 Gain&lt;br /&gt;
 (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Pension Plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(71
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(53
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(123
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service (cost)
 credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Postretirement
 Medical:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Actuarial (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(31
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(9
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(38
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;Prior service (cost)
 credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;5
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;8
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;12
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(97
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(54
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;(149
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;22.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Risks and
 Uncertainties&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Approximately
 88% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2014 bottle/can volume to retail
 customers consists of products of The Coca-Cola Company
 which is
 the sole supplier of these products or of the concentrates or
 syrups required to manufacture these products. The remaining 12% of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s 2014 bottle/can volume to retail customers
 consists of products of other beverage companies or those owned by
 the Company. The Company has beverage agreements with The Coca-Cola
 Company and other beverage companies under which it has various
 requirements to meet. Failure to meet the requirements of these
 beverage agreements could result in the loss of distribution rights
 for the respective products.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s products are sold and distributed directly by its
 employees to retail stores and other outlets. During 2014
 approximately 68% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s bottle/can volume to
 retail customers was sold for future consumption
 while the
 remaining bottle/can volume to retail customers of approximately
 32% was sold for immediate consumption. The Company&amp;#x2019;s largest
 customers
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and Food Lion
 LLC
 accounted for
 approximately 22% and 9%
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 total bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2014; accounted
 for approximately 21% and 8%
 respectively
 of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 total bottle/can volume to retail customers during 2013; and
 accounted for approximately 22% and 8%
 respectively
 of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s total bottle/can volume to retail customers during
 2012. Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 15% of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s total net sales during each year 2014
 2013 and
 2012. No other customer represented greater than 10% of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s total net sales for any years presented.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 obtains all of its aluminum cans from two domestic suppliers. The
 Company currently obtains all of its plastic bottles from two
 domestic entities. See Note 14 and Note 19 of the consolidated
 financial statements for additional information.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is exposed to price risk on such commodities as aluminum
 corn and
 resin which affects the cost of raw materials used in the
 production of finished products. The Company both produces and
 procures these finished products. Examples of the raw materials
 affected are aluminum cans and plastic bottles used for packaging
 and high fructose corn syrup used as a product ingredient. Further
 the Company is exposed to commodity price risk on crude oil which
 impacts the Company&amp;#x2019;s cost of fuel used in the movement and
 delivery of the Company&amp;#x2019;s products. The Company participates
 in commodity hedging and risk mitigation programs administered both
 by CCBSS and by the Company. In addition
 there is no limit on the
 price The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies can charge
 for concentrate.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Certain
 liabilities of the Company are subject to risk of changes in both
 long-term and short-term interest rates. These liabilities include
 floating rate debt
 retirement benefit obligations and the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s pension liability.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s contingent consideration liability resulting from
 the acquisition of the May and October Expansion Territories is
 subject to risk due to changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s probability
 weighted discounted cash flow model that is based on internal
 forecasts and changes in the Company&amp;#x2019;s weighted average cost
 of capital
 which is derived from market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Approximately
 6% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s labor force is covered by collective
 bargaining agreements. Two collective bargaining agreements
 covering approximately 5% of the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees expired
 during 2014 and the Company entered into new agreements in 2014.
 One collective bargaining agreement covering approximately .3% of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees will expire during 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted&amp;#xA0;Prices&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 Active&amp;#xA0;Market&amp;#xA0;for&lt;br /&gt;
 Identical&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Observable&amp;#xA0;Input&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The underlying
 investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively
 managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that
 are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the
 number of shares held as of the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) at
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted&amp;#xA0;Prices&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 Active&amp;#xA0;Market&amp;#xA0;for&lt;br /&gt;
 Identical&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Observable&amp;#xA0;Input&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash
 equivalents(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash equivalents are
 valued at their net asset value which approximates fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The underlying
 investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively
 managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that
 are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the
 number of shares held as of the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability
 method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the
 future tax consequences attributable to operating loss and tax
 credit carryforwards as well as differences between the financial
 statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
 their respective tax bases. The effect on deferred tax assets and
 liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
 period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A valuation allowance will be provided against deferred tax assets
 if the Company determines it is more likely than not such assets
 will not ultimately be realized.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company does not recognize a tax benefit unless it concludes
 that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained
 on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical
 merits of the associated tax position. If the recognition threshold
 is met
 the Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the
 largest amount of the tax benefit that
 in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 judgment
 is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized. The
 Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
 positions in income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leased property under
 capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;94
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;94
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-20&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leased property under
 capital leases
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished
 products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Manufacturing
 materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plastic shells
 plastic
 pallets and other inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net
 Periodic Pension Cost (Benefit)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Loss on voluntary pension
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Recognized net actuarial
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic pension cost
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;24.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Segments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 evaluates segment reporting in accordance with ASC 280
 Segment
 Reporting each reporting period
 including evaluating the reporting
 package reviewed by the Chief Operating Decision Maker
 (&amp;#x201C;CODM&amp;#x201D;). The Company has concluded the Chief Executive
 Officer
 Chief Operating Officer
 and Chief Financial Officer
 as a
 group
 represent the CODM. The Company believes five operating
 segments exist. Two operating segments
 Franchised Nonalcoholic
 Beverages and Internally-Developed Nonalcoholic Beverages
 have
 been aggregated due to their similar economic characteristics as
 well as the similarity of products
 production processes
 types of
 customers
 methods of distribution
 and nature of the regulatory
 environment. This combined segment
 Nonalcoholic Beverages
 represents the vast majority of the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
 revenues
 operating income
 and assets. The remaining three
 operating segments do not meet the quantitative thresholds for
 separate reporting
 either individually or in the aggregate. As a
 result
 these three operating segments have been combined into an
 &amp;#x201C;All Other&amp;#x201D; reportable segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2014
 the Company acquired distribution businesses and exclusive
 distribution rights in new territories in eastern Tennessee. With
 the expansion into these territories as well as the prospects for
 future territory expansion to occur in 2015
 the Company changed
 the manner in which it manages its business and allocates resources
 in the fourth quarter of 2014
 specifically with regard to
 potential opportunities to provide transportation services to both
 related and unrelated third parties in these new geographic areas.
 As a result
 the Company determined its transportation services
 constituted a separate operating segment and is included in the
 &amp;#x201C;All Other&amp;#x201D; segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s segment results are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
710
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
613
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
592
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;108
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Eliminations*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(77
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
746
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
641
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
614
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating
 Income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;82
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;85
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;88
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation and
 Amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital
 Expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;86
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
399
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
252
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
433
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
276
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;NOTE - The entire net
 sales elimination for each year presented represent net sales from
 the All Other segment to the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. Sales
 between these segments are either recognized at fair market value
 or cost depending on the nature of the transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;17.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Capital
 Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); PADDING-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has two classes of common stock outstanding
 Common Stock and Class
 B Common Stock. The Common Stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global

 symbol COKE. There is no established public trading market for the
 Class B Common Stock. Shares of the Class B Common Stock are
 convertible on a share-for-share basis into shares of Common Stock
 at any time at the option of the holders of Class B Common
 Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;No cash
 dividend or dividend of property or stock other than stock of the
 Company
 as specifically described in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 certificate of incorporation
 may be declared and paid on the Class
 B Common Stock unless an equal or greater dividend is declared and
 paid on the Common Stock. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 dividends of
 $1.00 per share were declared and paid on both Common Stock and
 Class B Common Stock. Total cash dividends paid in 2014
 2013 and
 2012 were $9.3 million
 $9.2 million
 and $9.2 million
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Each share of
 Common Stock is entitled to one vote per share and each share of
 Class B Common Stock is entitled to 20 votes per share at all
 meetings of shareholders. Except as otherwise required by law
 holders of the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock vote together
 as a single class on all matters brought before the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 stockholders. In the event of liquidation
 there is no preference
 between the two classes of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Compensation
 expense for the Performance Unit Award Agreement recognized in 2014
 was $3.5 million which was based upon a share price of $88.55 on
 December&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 (the last trading date prior to
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014). Compensation expense for the Performance
 Unit Award Agreement recognized in 2013 was $2.9 million which was
 based upon a share price of $72.98 on December&amp;#xA0;27
 2013.
 Compensation expense for the Performance Unit Award Agreement
 recognized in 2012 was $2.6 million
 which was based upon a share
 price of $65.58 on December&amp;#xA0;28
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 March&amp;#xA0;3
 2015
&amp;#xA0;March&amp;#xA0;4
 2014 and March&amp;#xA0;5
 2013
 the Compensation Committee determined that 40
000 shares of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common Stock should be issued in each year
 pursuant to a Performance Unit Award Agreement to J. Frank
 Harrison
 III
 in connection with his services in 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively
 as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company. As permitted under the terms of
 the Performance Unit Award Agreement
 19
080
 19
100 and 19
880 of
 such shares were settled in cash in 2015
 2014 and 2013
 respectively
 to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection
 with the vesting of the performance units.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The increase
 in the number of shares outstanding in 2014
 2013 and 2012 was due
 to the issuance of 20
900
 20
120 and 22
320 shares of Class B
 Common Stock related to the Performance Unit Award Agreement in
 each year
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;23.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Supplemental Disclosures of Cash
 Flow Information&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 current assets and current liabilities affecting cash were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 trade
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(20
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable from
 The Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable
 trade&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable to The
 Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued interest
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(Increase) decrease in
 current assets less current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Noncash
 activity&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions to
 property
 plant and equipment of $9.2 million
 $7.2 million and
 $14.4 million have been accrued but not paid and are recorded in
 accounts payable
 trade as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash payments
 for interest and income taxes were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cost of Sales&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Cost of sales includes the following: raw material costs
 manufacturing labor
 manufacturing overhead including depreciation
 expense
 manufacturing warehousing costs and shipping and handling
 costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing
 locations to sales distribution centers.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Internal Use Software&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 capitalizes costs incurred in the development or acquisition of
 internal use software. The Company expenses costs incurred in the
 preliminary project planning stage. Costs
 such as maintenance and
 training
 are also expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are
 amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
 method. Amortization expense
 which is included in depreciation
 expense
 for internal-use software was $7.6 million
 $7.5 million
 and $7.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;4.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Inventories&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Finished
 products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Manufacturing
 materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plastic shells
 plastic
 pallets and other inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total
 inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
987&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accruals for executive
 benefit plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;117
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;177
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;125
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;19.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Related Party
 Transactions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s business consists primarily of the production
 marketing and distribution of nonalcoholic beverages of The
 Coca-Cola Company
 which is the sole owner of the secret formulas
 under which the primary components (either concentrate or syrup) of
 its soft drink products are manufactured. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 The Coca-Cola Company had a 34.8% interest in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding Common Stock
 representing 5.0% of the
 total voting power of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Common Stock and Class B
 Common Stock voting together as a single class. As long as The
 Coca-Cola Company holds the number of shares of Common Stock that
 it currently owns
 it has the right to have its designee proposed
 by the Company for the nomination to the Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of
 Directors
 and J. Frank Harrison
 III
 the Chairman of the Board
 and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 and trustees of
 certain trusts established for the benefit of certain relatives of
 J. Frank Harrison
 Jr.
 have agreed to vote their share of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common Stock which they control in favor of
 such designee. The Coca-Cola Company does not own any shares of
 Class B Common Stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the significant transactions between the Company
 and The Coca-Cola Company:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Millions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for concentrate
 syrup
 sweetener and other purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;424.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;410.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;406.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Marketing funding support
 payments to the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 net of marketing funding support&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;377.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;363.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for customer marketing programs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for cold drink equipment parts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fountain delivery and
 equipment repair fees paid to the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Presence marketing
 support provided by The Coca-Cola Company on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s&amp;#xA0;behalf&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments to the Company
 to facilitate the distribution of certain brands and
 packages&amp;#xA0;to other Coca-Cola bottlers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has a production arrangement with Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc.
 (&amp;#x201C;CCR&amp;#x201D;) to buy and sell finished products at cost. CCR
 is a wholly-owned subsidiary of The Coca-Cola Company. Sales to CCR
 under this arrangement were $53.5 million
 $60.2 million and $64.6
 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Purchases from CCR
 under this arrangement were $68.8 million
 $46.7 million and $31.3
 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In addition
 CCR
 distributes one of the Company&amp;#x2019;s own brands (Tum-E Yummies).
 Total sales to CCR for this brand were $22.0 million
 $23.8 million
 and $22.8 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In
 addition
 the Company transports product for CCR to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s and other Coca-Cola bottlers&amp;#x2019; locations.
 Total sales to CCR for transporting CCR&amp;#x2019;s product were $2.9
 million
 $0.9 million
 and $0.9 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 May&amp;#xA0;7
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into the May Asset
 Purchase Agreement relating to the territory served by CCR through
 CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Johnson City and
 Morristown
 Tennessee. The closing of the transaction contemplated
 by the May Asset Purchase Agreement occurred on May&amp;#xA0;23
 2014.
 On August&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into the
 August Asset Purchase Agreement relating to the territory served by
 CCR through CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in
 Knoxville
 Tennessee. The closing of the transaction contemplated
 by the August Asset Purchase Agreement occurred on October&amp;#xA0;24
 2014. As part of the asset purchase agreements
 the Company signed
 CBAs which have terms of ten years and are renewable by the Company
 indefinitely for successive additional terms of ten years each
 unless the CBAs are earlier terminated as provided therein. Under
 the CBAs
 the Company will make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to
 CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to
 distribute
 promote
 market and sell the authorized brands of The
 Coca-Cola Company and related products in the Expansion
 Territories. The quarterly sub-bottling payment will be based on
 sales of certain beverages and beverage products that are sold
 under the same trademarks that identify a Covered Beverage
 Related
 Product or certain cross-licensed brands. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company has recorded a liability of $46.9 million to
 reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration
 related to the future sub-bottling payments. Total payments to CCR
 under the CBAs for the May and October Expansion Territories were
 $0.2 million during 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;See Note 26
 to the consolidated financial statements for territory acquisitions
 completed with CCR and a signed agreement for an additional
 territory expansion with CCR which occurred subsequent to
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. Also see Note 26 for terms of an asset
 exchange agreement with CCR which is expected to close in the first
 half of 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Along with
 all the other Coca-Cola bottlers in the United States
 the Company
 is a member in Coca-Cola Bottlers&amp;#x2019; Sales and Services
 Company
 LLC (&amp;#x201C;CCBSS&amp;#x201D;)
 which was formed in 2003 for
 the purposes of facilitating various procurement functions and
 distributing certain specified beverage products of The Coca-Cola
 Company with the intention of enhancing the efficiency and
 competitiveness of the Coca-Cola bottling system in the United
 States. CCBSS negotiates the procurement for the majority of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s raw materials (excluding concentrate). The Company
 pays an administrative fee to CCBSS for its services.
 Administrative fees to CCBSS for its services were $0.5 million in
 each year 2014
 2013 and 2012. Amounts due from CCBSS for rebates
 on raw material purchases were $4.5 million and $5.1 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively.
 CCR is also a member of CCBSS.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is a member of SAC
 a manufacturing cooperative. SAC sells finished
 products to the Company and Piedmont at cost. Purchases from SAC by
 the Company and Piedmont for finished products were $132 million
 $137 million and $141 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.
 In addition
 the Company transports product for SAC to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s and other Coca-Cola bottlers&amp;#x2019; locations.
 Total sales to SAC for transporting SAC&amp;#x2019;s product were $7.7
 million
 $7.6 million
 and $7.6 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. The Company also manages the operations of SAC
 pursuant to a management agreement. Management fees earned from SAC
 were $1.8 million
 $1.6 million and $1.5 million in 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively. The Company has also guaranteed a portion of
 debt for SAC. Such guarantee amounted to $20.8 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. The Company&amp;#x2019;s equity investment in
 SAC was $4.1 million as of both December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is a shareholder in two entities from which it purchases
 substantially all of its requirements for plastic bottles. Net
 purchases from these entities were $78.4 million
 $79.1 million and
 $82.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. In conjunction
 with the Company&amp;#x2019;s participation in one of these entities
 Southeastern
 the Company has guaranteed a portion of the
 entity&amp;#x2019;s debt. Such guarantee amounted to $10.1 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. The Company&amp;#x2019;s equity investment in
 Southeastern was $18.4 million and $17.6 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively
 and was recorded in other assets on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 holds no assets as collateral against the SAC or Southeastern
 guarantees
 the fair value of which is immaterial.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 monitors its investments in SAC and Southeastern and would be
 required to write down its investment if an impairment is
 identified and the Company determined it to be other than
 temporary. No impairment of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investments in SAC
 or Southeastern has been identified as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 nor was there any impairment in 2014
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 leases from Harrison Limited Partnership One (&amp;#x201C;HLP&amp;#x201D;)
 the Snyder Production Center (&amp;#x201C;SPC&amp;#x201D;) and an adjacent
 sales facility
 which are located in Charlotte
 North Carolina. HLP
 is directly and indirectly owned by trusts of which J. Frank
 Harrison
 III
 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
 Executive Officer of the Company
 and Deborah H. Everhart
 a
 director of the Company
 are trustees and beneficiaries. Morgan H.
 Everett
 a director of the Company
 is a permissible
 discretionary
 beneficiary of the trusts that directly or indirectly own HLP. The
 lease expires on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2020. The annual base rent the
 Company is obligated to pay under the lease is subject to an
 adjustment for an inflation factor. The principal balance
 outstanding under this capital lease as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 was $20.0 million. Rental payments related to this lease were $3.7
 million
 $3.6 million and $3.5 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 leases from Beacon Investment Corporation (&amp;#x201C;Beacon&amp;#x201D;)
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s headquarters office facility and an adjacent
 office facility. The lease expires on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2021.
 Beacon&amp;#x2019;s majority shareholder is J. Frank Harrison
 III
 and
 Morgan H. Everett
 his daughter and a member of the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 Board of Directors
 is a minority shareholder. The principal
 balance outstanding under this capital lease as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 was $20.6 million. The annual base rent the
 Company is obligated to pay under the lease is subject to
 adjustment for increases in the Consumer Price Index.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The minimum
 rentals and contingent rental payments that relate to this lease
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Millions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Minimum
 rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Contingent
 rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total rental
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 contingent rentals in 2014
 2013 and 2012 are a result of changes
 in the Consumer Price Index. Increases or decreases in lease
 payments that result from changes in the Consumer Price Index were
 recorded as adjustments to interest expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revenues are
 recognized when finished products are delivered to customers and
 both title and the risks and benefits of ownership are transferred
 price is fixed and determinable
 collection is reasonably assured
 and
 in the case of full service vending
 when cash is collected
 from the vending machines. Appropriate provision is made for
 uncollectible accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the
 delivery of fountain syrup products to The Coca-Cola
 Company&amp;#x2019;s fountain customers. In addition
 the Company
 receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the
 repair of fountain equipment owned by The Coca-Cola Company. The
 fees received from The Coca-Cola Company for the delivery of
 fountain syrup products to their customers and the repair of their
 fountain equipment are recognized as revenue when the respective
 services are completed. Service revenue represents approximately 1%
 of net sales
 and is presented within the Nonalcoholic Beverages
 segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 performs freight hauling and brokerage for third parties in
 addition to delivering its own products. The freight charges are
 recognized as revenues when the delivery is complete. Freight
 revenue from third parties represents approximately 2% of net
 sales
 and is presented within the All Other segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revenues do
 not include sales or other taxes collected from
 customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 10px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Funded
 Status&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(279
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan assets at fair
 value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net funded
 status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;9.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Other Accrued
 Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=84%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued marketing
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued insurance
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued taxes (other than
 income taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employee benefit plan
 accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Checks and transfers yet
 to be presented for payment from zero balance cash
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All other accrued
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;77
622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;13.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Other Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accruals for executive
 benefit plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;117
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109
386&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;177
250&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;125
791&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The accruals
 for executive benefit plans relate to certain benefit programs for
 eligible executives of the Company. These benefit programs are
 primarily the Supplemental Savings Incentive Plan
 (&amp;#x201C;Supplemental Savings Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 the Officer Retention
 Plan (&amp;#x201C;Retention Plan&amp;#x201D;) and a Long-Term Performance
 Plan (&amp;#x201C;Performance Plan&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pursuant to
 the Supplemental Savings Plan
 as amended
 eligible participants
 may elect to defer a portion of their annual salary and bonus.
 Participants are immediately vested in all deferred contributions
 they make and become fully vested in Company contributions upon
 completion of five years of service
 termination of employment due
 to death
 retirement or a change in control. Participant deferrals
 and Company contributions made in years prior to 2006 are deemed
 invested in either a fixed benefit option or certain investment
 funds specified by the Company. Beginning in 2010
 the Company may
 elect at its discretion to match up to 50% of the first 6% of
 salary (excluding bonuses) deferred by the participant. During
 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company matched up to 50% of the first 6%
 of salary (excluding bonus) deferred by the participant. The
 Company may also make discretionary contributions to
 participants&amp;#x2019; accounts. The long-term liability under this
 plan was $68.7 million and $65.1 million as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively. The current
 liability under this plan was $5.5 million and $5.7 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 Retention Plan
 as amended effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2007
 eligible
 participants may elect to receive an annuity payable in equal
 monthly installments over a 10
 15 or 20-year period commencing at
 retirement or
 in certain instances
 upon termination of
 employment. The benefits under the Retention Plan increase with
 each year of participation as set forth in an agreement between the
 participant and the Company. Benefits under the Retention Plan are
 50% vested until age 50. After age 50
 the vesting percentage
 increases by an additional 5% each year until the benefits are
 fully vested at age 60. The long-term liability under this plan was
 $43.9 million and $40.0 million as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively. The current liability under
 this plan was $1.7 million as of both December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 Performance Plan
 adopted as of January&amp;#xA0;1
 2007
 the
 Compensation Committee of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Board of Directors
 establishes dollar amounts to which a participant shall be entitled
 upon attainment of the applicable performance measures. Bonus
 awards under the Performance Plan are made based on the relative
 achievement of performance measures in terms of the
 Company-sponsored objectives or objectives related to the
 performance of the individual participants or of the subsidiary
 division
 department
 region or function in which the participant
 is employed. The long-term liability under this plan was $4.5
 million and $3.4 million as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively. The current liability under
 this plan was $3.9 million and $3.3 million as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to
 movements in interest rates and certain commodity prices. The use
 of these financial instruments modifies the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 exposure to these risks with the intent of reducing risk over time.
 The Company does not use financial instruments for trading
 purposes
 nor does it use leveraged financial instruments. Credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments is managed by
 requiring high credit standards for its counterparties and periodic
 settlements. The Company records all derivative instruments in the
 financial statements at fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Commodity
 Hedges&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 may use derivative instruments to hedge some or all of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s projected diesel fuel and unleaded gasoline
 purchases (used in the Company&amp;#x2019;s delivery fleet and other
 vehicles) and aluminum purchases. The Company generally pays a fee
 for these instruments which is amortized over the corresponding
 period of the instrument. The Company accounts for its commodity
 hedges on a mark-to-market basis with any expense or income
 reflected as an adjustment of related costs which are included in
 either cost of sales or S
D&amp;amp;A expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued marketing
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
613&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued insurance
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
055&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued taxes (other than
 income taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
207&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employee benefit plan
 accruals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
643&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Checks and transfers yet
 to be presented for payment from zero balance cash
 accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued income
 taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All other accrued
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
308&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;68
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;77
622&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table presents the significant components of the provision for
 income taxes for 2014
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred provision
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists and other
 identifiable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other identifiable
 intangible assets
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the significant transactions between the Company
 and The Coca-Cola Company:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Millions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for concentrate
 syrup
 sweetener and other purchases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;424.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;410.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;406.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Marketing funding support
 payments to the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;43.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 net of marketing funding support&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;377.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;367.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;363.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for customer marketing programs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments by the Company
 for cold drink equipment parts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fountain delivery and
 equipment repair fees paid to the Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Presence marketing
 support provided by The Coca-Cola Company on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s&amp;#xA0;behalf&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments to the Company
 to facilitate the distribution of certain brands and
 packages&amp;#xA0;to other Coca-Cola bottlers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s segment results are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net Sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
710
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
613
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
592
289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;123
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;108
224&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99
516&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Eliminations*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(86
865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(77
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
746
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
641
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
614
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Operating
 Income:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;82
297&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
670&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;85
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73
647&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;88
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation and
 Amortization:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
103&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;56
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;58
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital
 Expenditures:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
635&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;47
241&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;86
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
164&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;61
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Nonalcoholic
 Beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
399
057&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
252
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;44
629&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
671&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Eliminations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
610&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
801&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
433
076&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
276
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;*&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;NOTE - The entire net
 sales elimination for each year presented represent net sales from
 the All Other segment to the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. Sales
 between these segments are either recognized at fair market value
 or cost depending on the nature of the transaction.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;





 RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
521&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions charged to
 costs and expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;151&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;621&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal&amp;#xA0;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 Dec.&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at beginning of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions charged to
 costs and expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;398&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Additions charged to
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deductions credited to
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deductions not credited
 to expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Balance at end of
 year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
231&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Shipping and
 handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from
 manufacturing locations to sales distribution centers are included
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs related to the
 movement of finished goods from sales distribution centers to
 customer locations are included in S
D&amp;amp;A expenses and were
 $211.6 million
 $201.0 million and $200.0 million in 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recorded delivery fees in net sales of $6.2 million
 $6.3 million
 and $7.0 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and are
 presented within the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. These fees are
 used to offset a portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s delivery and
 handling costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;6.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Leased Property Under Capital
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leased property under
 capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;94
793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;94
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-20&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;51
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leased property under
 capital leases
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;48
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 real estate represented $42.5 million of
 the leased property under capital leases
 net and $28.0 million of
 this real estate is leased from related parties as described in
 Note 19 to the consolidated financial statements. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s outstanding lease obligations for capital leases
 were $59.0 million and $65.0 million as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand
 cash in banks and
 cash equivalents
 which are highly liquid debt instruments with
 maturities of less than 90 days. The Company maintains cash
 deposits with major banks which from time to time may exceed
 federally insured limits. The Company periodically assesses the
 financial condition of the institutions and believes that the risk
 of any loss is minimal.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;11.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Derivative Financial
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is subject to the risk of increased costs arising from adverse
 changes in certain commodity prices. In the normal course of
 business
 the Company manages these risks through a variety of
 strategies
 including the use of derivative instruments. The
 Company does not use derivative instruments for trading or
 speculative purposes. All derivative instruments are recorded at
 fair value as either assets or liabilities in the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated balance sheets. These derivative instruments are not
 designated as hedging instruments under GAAP and are used as
 &amp;#x201C;economic hedges&amp;#x201D; to manage certain commodity price
 risk. Derivative instruments held are marked to market on a monthly
 basis and recognized in earnings consistent with the expense
 classification of the underlying hedged item. Settlements of
 derivative agreements are included in cash flows from operating
 activities on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements of cash
 flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses several different financial institutions for commodity
 derivative instruments to minimize the concentration of credit
 risk. While the Company is exposed to credit loss in the event of
 nonperformance by these counterparties
 the Company does not
 anticipate nonperformance by these parties.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 summarizes 2014
 2013 and 2012 pre-tax changes in the fair value of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s commodity derivative financial instruments and
 the classification of such changes in the consolidated statements
 of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 96pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Commodity
 hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subsequent to
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company entered into agreements to
 hedge certain commodity costs for 2015. The notional amount of
 these agreements was $22.3 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Other Identifiable Intangible Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Other identifiable intangible assets primarily represent customer
 relationships and distribution rights and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;2.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Piedmont Coca-Cola Bottling
 Partnership&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 July&amp;#xA0;2
 1993
 the Company and The Coca-Cola Company formed
 Piedmont to distribute and market nonalcoholic beverages primarily
 in portions of North Carolina and South Carolina. The Company
 provides a portion of the nonalcoholic beverage products to
 Piedmont at cost and receives a fee for managing the operations of
 Piedmont pursuant to a management agreement. These intercompany
 transactions are eliminated in the consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncontrolling interest as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 primarily represents the portion of Piedmont which is owned by The
 Coca-Cola Company. The Coca-Cola Company&amp;#x2019;s interest in
 Piedmont was 22.7% in all periods reported.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 currently provides financing to Piedmont under an agreement that
 expires on December&amp;#xA0;31
 2015. Piedmont pays the Company
 interest on its borrowings at the Company&amp;#x2019;s average cost of
 funds plus 0.50%. There were no amounts outstanding under this
 agreement at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated
 using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of
 the assets. Leasehold improvements on operating leases are
 depreciated over the shorter of the estimated useful lives or the
 term of the lease
 including renewal options the Company determines
 are reasonably assured. Additions and major replacements or
 betterments are added to the assets at cost. Maintenance and repair
 costs and minor replacements are charged to expense when incurred.
 When assets are replaced or otherwise disposed
 the cost and
 accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and the
 gains or losses
 if any
 are reflected in the statement of
 operations. Gains or losses on the disposal of manufacturing
 equipment and manufacturing facilities are included in cost of
 sales. Gains or losses on the disposal of all other property
 plant
 and equipment are included in selling
 delivery and administrative
 (&amp;#x201C;S
D&amp;amp;A&amp;#x201D;) expenses.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company evaluates the recoverability of the carrying amount of
 its property
 plant and equipment when events or circumstances
 indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may
 not be recoverable. These evaluations are performed at a level
 where independent cash flows may be attributed to either an asset
 or an asset group. If the Company determines that the carrying
 amount of an asset or asset group is not recoverable based upon the
 expected undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset
 group
 an impairment loss is recorded equal to the excess of the
 carrying amounts over the estimated fair value of the long-lived
 assets.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;25.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Quarterly Financial Data
 (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Set forth
 below are unaudited quarterly financial data for the fiscal years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013. Net sales
 in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 include the sales in the May and October
 Expansion Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In Thousands (except
 per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;3&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)(4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;4&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)(5)(6)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;388
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;459
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;457
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;440
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;156
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;185
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;178
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In Thousands (except
 per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(7)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;3&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(8)(9)(10)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;4&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(11)(12)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;383
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;428
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;434
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;394
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;170
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;176
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;158
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The unvested
 performance units granted to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison in 2013 were
 excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings per share
 from the fourth quarter 2013 calculation
 because their effect
 would have been anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales are
 seasonal with the highest sales volume occurring in the second and
 third quarters.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the first
 quarter of 2014 included $2.0 million ($1.2 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.13 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the second
 quarter of 2014 included $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.20 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales for the second
 third
 and fourth quarters of 2014 included $4.3 million
 $11.8
 million and $29.0 million
 respectively
 of sales related to the
 Expansion Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2014 included $2.6 million ($1.6 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.17 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2014 included $5.2 million ($3.2 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.34 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2014 included $1.1 million ($0.7 million
 net of tax
 or
 $0.07 per basic common share) expense related to the fair value
 adjustment for the acquisition related contingent
 consideration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the second
 quarter of 2013 included $1.1 million ($0.6 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.07 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included $1.6 million ($1.0 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.11 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included a $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or $0.20 per basic common share) credit related to a refund of 2012
 cooperative trade marketing funds paid by the Company to The
 Coca-Cola Company that were not spent in 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included a $2.3 million reduction to income tax
 expense ($0.24 per basic common share) related to state tax
 legislation enacted during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2013 included $1.7 million
 ($1.1 million net of tax
 or
 $.12 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2013 included a $12.0 million ($7.3 million
 net of tax
 or $0.79 per basic common share) noncash settlement charge related
 to a voluntary lump-sum pension distribution.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 accumulated other comprehensive loss is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(53
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(74
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(54
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(89
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(94
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Includes the $12.0
 million noncash charge for voluntary lump-sum pension
 settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Jan.
 1
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(64
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80
820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(94
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plans target asset allocation for 2015
 actual asset allocation at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and the expected weighted average long-term
 rate of return by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 of Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets
 at&lt;br /&gt;
 Fiscal Year-&lt;br /&gt;
 End&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Long-Term&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Rate&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Return&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S. large capitalization
 equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S.
 small/mid-capitalization equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Debt
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 the impact on the income statement line items is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;
 Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits
 Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=53%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maturity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px align=center&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;br /&gt;
 Rate&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest
 Paid&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revolving credit
 facility&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Variable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Varies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Line of credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Variable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Varies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.30%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Semi-annually&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;110
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Unamortized discount on
 Senior Notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;398
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Current portion of
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-term debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;378
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s participation in the plan is outlined in the table
 below. The most recent Pension Protection Act (&amp;#x201C;PPA&amp;#x201D;)
 zone status available in 2014 and 2013 is for the plan&amp;#x2019;s
 years ending at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The
 plan is in the red zone which represents below 80% funded and does
 require a financial improvement plan (&amp;#x201C;FIP&amp;#x201D;) or a
 rehabilitation plan (&amp;#x201C;RP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 6px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&amp;#xA0;Zone&amp;#xA0;Status&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;FIP/RP&amp;#xA0;Status&lt;br /&gt;
 Pending/&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Implemented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contribution&lt;br /&gt;
 (In&amp;#xA0;Thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Surcharge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Imposed&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer-Teamsters Local
 Nos. 175&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 505 Pension Trust Fund (EIN/Pension Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 No. 55-6021850)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;3.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In April
 2013
 the Company announced that it had signed a non-binding letter
 of intent with The Coca-Cola Company to expand the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 franchise territory to include distribution rights in parts of
 Tennessee
 Kentucky and Indiana served by Coca-Cola Refreshments
 USA
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;CCR&amp;#x201D;)
 a wholly owned subsidiary of The
 Coca-Cola Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Johnson
 City and Morristown
 Tennessee Territory
 Acquisitions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 May&amp;#xA0;7
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset
 purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201C;May Asset Purchase Agreement&amp;#x201D;)
 relating to the territory served by CCR through CCR&amp;#x2019;s
 facilities and equipment located in Johnson City and Morristown
 Tennessee (the &amp;#x201C;May Expansion Territory&amp;#x201D;). The closing
 of this transaction occurred on May&amp;#xA0;23
 2014 for a cash
 purchase price of $12.2 million
 which will remain subject to
 adjustment until July&amp;#xA0;2
 2015
 at the latest as specified in
 the May Asset Purchase Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has preliminarily allocated the purchase price for the May
 Expansion Territory to the individual acquired assets and assumed
 liabilities. The valuations are subject to adjustment as additional
 information is obtained
 but any adjustments are not expected to be
 material. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets and
 acquisition related contingent consideration are final.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of acquired identifiable intangible assets is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The goodwill
 of $0.8 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the May
 Expansion Territory. Goodwill of $0.1 million is expected to be
 deductible for tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Knoxville
 Tennessee Territory Acquisition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 August&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset
 purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201C;August Asset Purchase
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;) related to the territory served by CCR through
 CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Knoxville
 Tennessee (the &amp;#x201C;October Expansion Territory&amp;#x201D;). The
 closing of this transaction occurred on October&amp;#xA0;24
 2014
 for
 a cash purchase price of $29.5 million
 which will remain subject
 to adjustment until December&amp;#xA0;3
 2015
 at the latest as
 specified in the August Asset Purchase Agreement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has preliminarily allocated the purchase price of the October
 Expansion Territory to the individual acquired assets and assumed
 liabilities. The valuations are subject to adjustment as additional
 information is obtained
 but any adjustments are not expected to be
 material. The fair values of identifiable intangible assets and
 acquisition related contingent consideration are final.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable to The
 Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (including deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of acquired identifiable intangible assets is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The goodwill
 of $3.4 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the
 October Expansion Territory. Goodwill of $2.8 million is expected
 to be deductible for tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The financial
 results of both Expansion Territories have been included in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements from their
 acquisition date. These territories contributed $45.1 million in
 net sales and $3.4 million in operating income during
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At closing of
 both the May and the October Asset Purchase Agreements
 the Company
 signed a Comprehensive Beverage Agreement (&amp;#x201C;CBA&amp;#x201D;) which
 has a term of ten years and is renewable by the Company
 indefinitely for successive additional terms of ten years each
 unless the CBAs are earlier terminated as provided therein. Under
 the CBAs
 the Company will make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to
 CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of exclusive rights to
 distribute
 promote
 market and sell specified covered beverages
 and related products
 as defined in the agreement
 in the acquired
 territories. The quarterly sub-bottling payment
 which is accounted
 for as contingent consideration
 will be based on sales of certain
 beverages and beverage products that are sold under the same
 trademarks that identify a covered beverage
 related product or
 certain cross-licensed brands (as defined in the CBAs). The CBA
 imposes certain obligations on the Company with respect to serving
 the Expansion Territory that failure to meet could result in
 termination of the CBA if the Company fails to take corrective
 measures within a specified time frame.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 anticipated range of undiscounted amounts the Company could pay
 annually under the contingent consideration arrangements are
 between $3.1 million and $5.2 million. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company has recorded a liability of $46.9 million to
 reflect the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration
 related to the future sub-bottling payments. The contingent
 consideration was valued using a probability weighted discounted
 cash flow model based on internal forecasts and the weighted
 average cost of capital derived from market data. The contingent
 consideration will be reassessed and adjusted to fair value each
 quarter through other income or expense. During 2014
 the Company
 recorded a fair value adjustment to the contingent consideration
 liability of $1.1 million
 primarily due to a change in discount
 rates subsequent to the acquisitions. During 2014
 the Company made
 sub-bottling payments of $0.2 million to CCR related to the CBAs
 for the May and October Expansion Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;See Note 26
 to the consolidated financial statements for territory acquisitions
 completed with CCR and a signed agreement for an additional
 territory expansion with CCR which occurred subsequent to
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014. Also see Note 26 for terms of an asset
 exchange agreement with CCR which is expected to close in the first
 half of 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;14.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Commitments and
 Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Rental
 expense incurred for noncancellable operating leases was $7.6
 million
 $7.1 million and $5.9 million during 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. See Note 6 and Note 19 to the consolidated financial
 statements for additional information regarding leased property
 under capital leases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 leases office and warehouse space
 machinery and other equipment
 under noncancellable operating lease agreements which expire at
 various dates through 2030. These leases generally contain
 scheduled rent increases or escalation clauses
 renewal options
 or
 in some cases
 purchase options. The Company leases certain
 warehouse space and other equipment under capital lease agreements
 which expire at various dates through 2026. These leases contain
 scheduled rent increases or escalation clauses. Amortization of
 assets recorded under capital leases is included in depreciation
 expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a summary of future minimum lease payments for all capital
 leases and noncancellable operating leases as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;76
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;129
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Amounts
 representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Present value of minimum
 lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Current portion of
 obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-term portion of
 obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Future
 minimum lease payments for noncancellable operating leases in the
 preceding table include renewal options the Company has determined
 to be reasonably assured.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is a member of South Atlantic Canners
 Inc. (&amp;#x201C;SAC&amp;#x201D;)
 a
 manufacturing cooperative from which it is obligated to purchase
 17.5&amp;#xA0;million cases of finished product on an annual basis
 through June 2024. The Company is also a member of Southeastern
 Container (&amp;#x201C;Southeastern&amp;#x201D;)
 a plastic bottle
 manufacturing cooperative
 from which it is obligated to purchase
 at least 80% of its requirements of plastic bottles for certain
 designated territories. See Note 19 to the consolidated financial
 statements for additional information concerning SAC and
 Southeastern.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 guarantees a portion of SAC&amp;#x2019;s and Southeastern&amp;#x2019;s debt.
 The amounts guaranteed were $30.9 million and $29.3 million as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively.
 The Company holds no assets as collateral against these guarantees
 the fair value of which was immaterial. The guarantees relate to
 debt of SAC and Southeastern
 which resulted primarily from the
 purchase of production equipment and facilities. These guarantees
 expire at various times through 2023. The members of both
 cooperatives consist solely of Coca-Cola bottlers. The Company does
 not anticipate either of these cooperatives will fail to fulfill
 their commitments. The Company further believes each of these
 cooperatives has sufficient assets
 including production equipment
 facilities and working capital
 and the ability to adjust selling
 prices of its products to adequately mitigate the risk of material
 loss from the Company&amp;#x2019;s guarantees. In the event either of
 these cooperatives fail to fulfill their commitments under the
 related debt
 the Company would be responsible for payments to the
 lenders up to the level of the guarantees. If these cooperatives
 had borrowed up to their aggregate borrowing capacity
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s maximum exposure under these guarantees on
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 would have been $23.9 million for SAC and
 $25.3 million for Southeastern and the Company&amp;#x2019;s maximum
 total exposure
 including its equity investment
 would have been
 $28.1 million for SAC and $43.7 million for
 Southeastern.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has been purchasing plastic bottles from Southeastern and finished
 products from SAC for more than ten years and has never had to pay
 against these guarantees.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has an equity ownership in each of the entities in addition to the
 guarantees of certain indebtedness and records its investment in
 each under the equity method. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 SAC had
 total assets of approximately $40 million and total debt of
 approximately $21 million. SAC had total revenues for 2014 of
 approximately $181 million. As of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 Southeastern had total assets of approximately $308 million and
 total debt of approximately $123 million. Southeastern had total
 revenue for 2014 of approximately $665 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has standby letters of credit
 primarily related to its property
 and casualty insurance programs. On December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 these
 letters of credit totaled $23.4 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 participates in long-term marketing contractual arrangements with
 certain prestige properties
 athletic venues and other locations.
 The future payments related to these contractual arrangements as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 amounted to $41.4 million and expire at
 various dates through 2023.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is involved in various claims and legal proceedings which have
 arisen in the ordinary course of its business. Although it is
 difficult to predict the ultimate outcome of these claims and legal
 proceedings
 management believes the ultimate disposition of these
 matters will not have a material adverse effect on the financial
 condition
 cash flows or results of operations of the Company. No
 material amount of loss in excess of recorded amounts is believed
 to be reasonably possible as a result of these claims and legal
 proceedings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 is subject to audit by tax authorities in jurisdictions where it
 conducts business. These audits may result in assessments that are
 subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through
 the courts. Management believes the Company has adequately provided
 for any assessments that are likely to result from these audits;
 however
 final assessments
 if any
 could be different than the
 amounts recorded in the consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;15.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Income Taxes&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The current
 income tax provision represents the estimated amount of income
 taxes paid or payable for the year
 as well as changes in estimates
 from prior years. The deferred income tax provision represents the
 change in deferred tax liabilities and assets. The following table
 presents the significant components of the provision for income
 taxes for 2014
 2013 and 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
153&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total current
 provision&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
316&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total deferred provision
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s effective income tax rate
 as calculated by
 dividing income tax expense by income before income taxes
 for
 2014
 2013 and 2012 was 35.1%
 27.4% and 41.0%
 respectively. The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate
 as calculated by dividing
 income tax expense by income before income taxes less net income
 attributable to noncontrolling interest
 for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 was 38.4%
 30.5% and 44.6%
 respectively. The following table
 provides a reconciliation of income tax expense at the statutory
 federal rate to actual income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Statutory
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
474&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;State income taxes
 net
 of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncontrolling interest
 &amp;#x2014; Piedmont&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
694&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Adjustment for uncertain
 tax positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(167&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Adjustment for state tax
 legislation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
261&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance
 change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
203&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
767&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital loss
 carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Manufacturing deduction
 benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
330&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Meals and
 entertainment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
127&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(505&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;19
536&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company had $2.9 million of uncertain
 tax positions
 including accrued interest
 all of which would
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s effective tax rate if recognized. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the Company had $2.8 million of uncertain
 tax positions
 including accrued interest
 all of which would
 affect the Company&amp;#x2019;s effective rate if recognized. While it
 is expected that the amount of uncertain tax positions may change
 in the next 12 months
 the Company does not expect such change
 would have a significant impact on the consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the total
 amounts of uncertain tax positions (excluding accrued interest) is
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross uncertain tax
 positions at the beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase as a result of
 tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Decrease as a result of
 tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase as a result of
 tax positions taken in the current period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Reduction as a result of
 the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross uncertain tax
 positions at the end of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 records liabilities for uncertain tax positions related to certain
 income tax positions. These liabilities reflect the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 best estimate of the ultimate income tax liability based on
 currently known facts and information. Material changes in facts or
 information as well as the expiration of statute and/or settlements
 with individual tax jurisdictions may result in material
 adjustments to these estimates in the future.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recognizes potential interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions in income tax expense. During 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions
 recognized in income tax expense were not material. In addition
 the amount of interest and penalties accrued at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 were not material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the third
 quarter of 2014
 2013 and 2012
 the Company reduced its liability
 for uncertain tax positions by $0.6 million
 $3.4 million and $0.2
 million
 respectively. The net effect of the adjustments was a
 decrease to income tax expense in 2014
 2013 and 2012 of $0.6
 million
 $0.9 million and $0.2 million
 respectively. The reduction
 of the liability for uncertain tax positions during these years was
 primarily due to the expiration of the applicable statute of
 limitations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The American
 Taxpayer Relief Act (&amp;#x201C;Act&amp;#x201D;) was signed into law on
 January&amp;#xA0;2
 2013. The Act approved a retroactive extension of
 certain favorable business and energy tax provisions that had
 expired at the end of 2011 that are applicable to the Company. The
 Company recorded a reduction to income tax expense totaling $0.4
 million related to the Act in 2013
 which is included in the other
 net line of the reconciliation of income tax expense at the
 statutory federal rate to actual income tax expense
 table.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2013
 state tax legislation was enacted that reduced the corporate tax
 rate in that state from 6.9% to 6.0% effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2014. A further reduction to the corporate tax rate from 6.0% to
 5.0% will become effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015. This reduction in
 the corporate tax rate decreased the Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax
 expense by approximately $2.3 million in 2013 due to the impact on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s net deferred tax liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior tax
 years beginning in 2011 remain open to examination by the Internal
 Revenue Service
 and various tax years beginning in year 1997
 remain open to examination by certain state tax jurisdictions to
 which the Company is subject due to loss carryforwards.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company had $3.3 million and $71.3
 million of federal net operating losses and state net operating
 losses
 respectively
 available to reduce future income taxes. The
 federal net operating losses would expire in varying amounts
 through 2032. The state net operating losses would expire in
 varying amounts through 2033.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s income tax assets and liabilities are subject to
 adjustment in future periods based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s ongoing
 evaluations of such assets and liabilities and new information that
 becomes available to the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred
 income taxes are recorded based upon temporary differences between
 the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and
 available net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards.
 Temporary differences and carryforwards that comprised deferred
 income tax assets and liabilities were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;139
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;122
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;77
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Investment in
 Piedmont&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Patronage
 dividend&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Debt exchange
 premium&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;254
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(42
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(40
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Postretirement
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension
 (nonunion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sub-bottling
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital lease
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net operating loss
 carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transactional
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension
 (union)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(147
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(105
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net current deferred
 income tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net noncurrent deferred
 income tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=6% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Note:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net current income tax
 asset from the table is included in prepaid expenses and other
 current assets on the consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation
 allowances are recognized on deferred tax assets if the Company
 believes that it is more likely than not that some or all of the
 deferred tax assets will not be realized. The Company believes the
 majority of the deferred tax assets will be realized due to the
 reversal of certain significant temporary differences and
 anticipated future taxable income from operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The valuation
 allowance of $3.6 million
 of which $0.2 million was included with
 the net current deferred income tax asset
 as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and $3.5 million
 of which $0.2 million was included with the
 net current income tax asset
 as of December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively
 was established primarily for certain loss
 carryforwards which expire in varying amounts through
 2033.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The amounts
 in accumulated other comprehensive loss that are expected to be
 recognized as components of net periodic cost during 2015 are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Medical&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 (credit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables set forth pertinent information for the two
 Company-sponsored pension plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Changes in
 Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;280
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Voluntary pension
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Temporary
 differences and carryforwards that comprised deferred income tax
 assets and liabilities were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&amp;#xA0;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Intangible
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;139
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;122
608&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;77
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
905&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Investment in
 Piedmont&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
271&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
777&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Patronage
 dividend&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Debt exchange
 premium&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;634&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;161&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;254
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(42
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(40
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Postretirement
 benefits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension
 (nonunion)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sub-bottling
 liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Capital lease
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net operating loss
 carryforwards&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
075&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transactional
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
157&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension
 (union)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
472&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(54&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred income tax
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(147
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(105
752&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Valuation allowance for
 deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net current deferred
 income tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
007&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net noncurrent deferred
 income tax liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;140
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
408&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share and
 diluted net income per share under the two-class method. See Note 1
 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 related to net income per share.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 132pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic and
 diluted net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less
 dividends:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
948&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
173&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total undistributed
 earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
927&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
162&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
375&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;21
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
192&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock assumed converted to Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
993&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 4em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;27
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 132pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
257&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for basic net
 income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
141&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
126&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
085&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for diluted
 net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted (assumes conversion of
 Class B Common Stock to Common Stock)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
286&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
266&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
166&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.95&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2.92&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;NOTES TO
 TABLE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Common Stock
 shares
 of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be converted; therefore
 100% of undistributed earnings is allocated to Common
 Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be
 outstanding for the entire period and not converted.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=3% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Denominator for diluted
 net income per share for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 includes the diluted effect of shares relative to the Performance
 Unit Award.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A 1% increase
 or decrease in this annual health care cost trend would have
 impacted the postretirement benefit obligation and service cost and
 interest cost of the Company&amp;#x2019;s postretirement benefit plan as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1%&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1%&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase (decrease)
 in:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Postretirement benefit
 obligation at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost and interest
 cost in 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The principal
 maturities of debt outstanding on December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
757&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
002&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;444
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Set forth
 below are unaudited quarterly financial data for the fiscal years
 ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013. Net sales
 in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 include the sales in the May and October
 Expansion Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In Thousands (except
 per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(1)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(2)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;3&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)(4)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;4&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(3)(5)(6)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;388
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;459
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;457
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;440
638&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;156
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;185
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;184
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;178
444&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
449&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
132&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
990&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.49&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.48&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2 nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In Thousands (except
 per share data)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 1px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=14 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(7)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;3&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(8)(9)(10)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;4&lt;sup style=VERTICAL-ALIGN: baseline; POSITION: relative; BOTTOM: 0.8ex&gt;(11)(12)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;383
551&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;428
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;434
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;394
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross margin&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;153
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;170
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;176
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;158
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
585&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.53&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Diluted net income per
 share based on net income attributable to Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Consolidated:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Class B Common
 Stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;.52&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.74&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The unvested
 performance units granted to Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison in 2013 were
 excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings per share
 from the fourth quarter 2013 calculation
 because their effect
 would have been anti-dilutive.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales are
 seasonal with the highest sales volume occurring in the second and
 third quarters.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the first
 quarter of 2014 included $2.0 million ($1.2 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.13 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the second
 quarter of 2014 included $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.20 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales for the second
 third
 and fourth quarters of 2014 included $4.3 million
 $11.8
 million and $29.0 million
 respectively
 of sales related to the
 Expansion Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2014 included $2.6 million ($1.6 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.17 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2014 included $5.2 million ($3.2 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.34 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2014 included $1.1 million ($0.7 million
 net of tax
 or
 $0.07 per basic common share) expense related to the fair value
 adjustment for the acquisition related contingent
 consideration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the second
 quarter of 2013 included $1.1 million ($0.6 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.07 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included $1.6 million ($1.0 million
 net of tax
 or
 $.11 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included a $3.1 million ($1.9 million
 net of tax
 or $0.20 per basic common share) credit related to a refund of 2012
 cooperative trade marketing funds paid by the Company to The
 Coca-Cola Company that were not spent in 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(10)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the third
 quarter of 2013 included a $2.3 million reduction to income tax
 expense ($0.24 per basic common share) related to state tax
 legislation enacted during 2013.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2013 included $1.7 million
 ($1.1 million net of tax
 or
 $.12 per basic common share) expenses related to the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s franchise territory expansion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net income in the fourth
 quarter of 2013 included a $12.0 million ($7.3 million
 net of tax
 or $0.79 per basic common share) noncash settlement charge related
 to a voluntary lump-sum pension distribution.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;1.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Significant Accounting
 Policies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coca-Cola
 Bottling Co. Consolidated (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) produces
 markets and distributes nonalcoholic beverages
 primarily products
 of The Coca-Cola Company. The Company operates principally in the
 southeastern region of the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
 Company and its majority owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany accounts and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
 United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fiscal
 years presented are the 52-week periods ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 (&amp;#x201C;2014&amp;#x201D;)
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 (&amp;#x201C;2013&amp;#x201D;) and December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 (&amp;#x201C;2012&amp;#x201D;). The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year ends on the
 Sunday closest to December&amp;#xA0;31 of each year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Piedmont
 Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership (&amp;#x201C;Piedmont&amp;#x201D;) is the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s only subsidiary that has a significant
 noncontrolling interest. Noncontrolling interest income of $4.7
 million in 2014
 $4.4 million in 2013 and $4.2 million in 2012 are
 included in net income on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
 statements of operations. In addition
 the amount of consolidated
 net income attributable to both the Company and noncontrolling
 interest are shown on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements
 of operations. Noncontrolling interest primarily related to
 Piedmont totaled $73.3 million
 $68.6 million and $64.2 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 respectively. These amounts are shown as
 noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Certain prior
 year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current
 classifications.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 and Cash Equivalents&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash and cash
 equivalents include cash on hand
 cash in banks and cash
 equivalents
 which are highly liquid debt instruments with
 maturities of less than 90 days. The Company maintains cash
 deposits with major banks which from time to time may exceed
 federally insured limits. The Company periodically assesses the
 financial condition of the institutions and believes that the risk
 of any loss is minimal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Credit
 Risk of Trade Accounts Receivable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 sells its products to supermarkets
 convenience stores and other
 customers and extends credit
 generally without requiring
 collateral
 based on an ongoing evaluation of the customer&amp;#x2019;s
 business prospects and financial condition. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 trade accounts receivable are typically collected within
 approximately 30 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors
 its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and maintains
 an allowance for potential losses or adjustments. Past due trade
 accounts receivable balances are written off when the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in
 collecting the amount due.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 evaluates the collectibility of its trade accounts receivable based
 on a number of factors. In circumstances where the Company becomes
 aware of a customer&amp;#x2019;s inability to meet its financial
 obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad debts is
 estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized receivable to
 the estimated amount the Company believes will ultimately be
 collected. In addition to specific customer identification of
 potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are recorded based on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s recent past loss history and an overall assessment
 of past due trade accounts receivable outstanding.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s review of potential bad debts considers the
 specific industry in which a particular customer operates
 such as
 supermarket retailers
 convenience stores and mass merchandise
 retailers
 and the general economic conditions that currently exist
 in that specific industry. The Company then considers the effects
 of concentration of credit risk in a specific industry and for
 specific customers within that industry.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Inventories&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories
 are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined on
 the first-in
 first-out method for finished products and
 manufacturing materials and on the average cost method for plastic
 shells
 plastic pallets and other inventories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the
 straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
 Leasehold improvements on operating leases are depreciated over the
 shorter of the estimated useful lives or the term of the lease
 including renewal options the Company determines are reasonably
 assured. Additions and major replacements or betterments are added
 to the assets at cost. Maintenance and repair costs and minor
 replacements are charged to expense when incurred. When assets are
 replaced or otherwise disposed
 the cost and accumulated
 depreciation are removed from the accounts and the gains or losses
 if any
 are reflected in the statement of operations. Gains or
 losses on the disposal of manufacturing equipment and manufacturing
 facilities are included in cost of sales. Gains or losses on the
 disposal of all other property
 plant and equipment are included in
 selling
 delivery and administrative (&amp;#x201C;S
D&amp;amp;A&amp;#x201D;)
 expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 evaluates the recoverability of the carrying amount of its
 property
 plant and equipment when events or circumstances indicate
 that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be
 recoverable. These evaluations are performed at a level where
 independent cash flows may be attributed to either an asset or an
 asset group. If the Company determines that the carrying amount of
 an asset or asset group is not recoverable based upon the expected
 undiscounted future cash flows of the asset or asset group
 an
 impairment loss is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying
 amounts over the estimated fair value of the long-lived
 assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Leased
 Property Under Capital Leases&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leased
 property under capital leases is depreciated using the
 straight-line method over the lease term.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Internal Use Software&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 capitalizes costs incurred in the development or acquisition of
 internal use software. The Company expenses costs incurred in the
 preliminary project planning stage. Costs
 such as maintenance and
 training
 are also expensed as incurred. Capitalized costs are
 amortized over their estimated useful lives using the straight-line
 method. Amortization expense
 which is included in depreciation
 expense
 for internal-use software was $7.6 million
 $7.5 million
 and $7.3 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Franchise Rights and Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 provisions of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 all
 business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
 method and goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful
 lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment
 annually
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate
 such assets may be impaired. The only intangible assets the Company
 classifies as indefinite lived are franchise rights and goodwill.
 The Company performs its annual impairment test as of the first day
 of the fourth quarter of each year. For both franchise rights and
 goodwill
 when appropriate
 the Company performs a qualitative
 assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the
 fair value of the franchise rights or goodwill is below its
 carrying value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;When a
 quantitative analysis is considered necessary for the annual
 impairment analysis of franchise rights
 the Company utilizes the
 Greenfield Method to estimate the fair value. The Greenfield Method
 assumes the Company is starting new
 owning only franchise rights
 and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s current operations. The Company estimates the
 cash flows required to build a comparable operation and the
 available future cash flows from these operations. The cash flows
 are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The
 estimated fair value based upon the discounted cash flows is then
 compared to the carrying value on an aggregated basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has determined that it has one reporting unit for purposes of
 assessing goodwill for potential impairment. When a quantitative
 analysis is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis
 of goodwill
 the Company develops an estimated fair value for the
 reporting unit considering three different approaches:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;market value
 using the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price plus
 outstanding debt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;discounted cash flow analysis; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;multiple of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and
 amortization based upon relevant industry data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The estimated
 fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying
 amount including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds the
 carrying amount
 goodwill is considered not impaired
 and the
 second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the
 carrying amount including goodwill exceeds its estimated fair
 value
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to
 measure the amount of the impairment
 if any. In the second step
 a
 comparison is made between book value of goodwill to the implied
 fair value of goodwill. Implied fair value of goodwill is
 determined by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to the
 book value of its net identifiable assets excluding goodwill. If
 the implied fair value of goodwill is below the book value of
 goodwill
 an impairment loss would be recognized for the
 difference.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses its overall market capitalization as part of its estimate of
 fair value of the reporting unit and in assessing the
 reasonableness of the Company&amp;#x2019;s internal estimates of fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;To the extent
 that actual and projected cash flows decline in the future
 or if
 market conditions deteriorate significantly
 the Company may be
 required to perform an interim impairment analysis that could
 result in an impairment of franchise rights or goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Other
 Identifiable Intangible Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 identifiable intangible assets primarily represent customer
 relationships and distribution rights and are amortized on a
 straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition Related Contingent Consideration
 Liability&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 acquisition related contingent consideration liability consists of
 the estimated amounts due to The Coca-Cola Company under the
 Comprehensive Beverage Agreements (&amp;#x201C;CBAs&amp;#x201D;) over the
 remaining useful life of the related distribution rights intangible
 assets. Under the CBAs
 the Company is required to make quarterly
 sub-bottling payments on a continuing basis for the grant of
 exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell specified
 covered beverages and related products
 as defined in the
 agreement
 in certain acquired territories. The quarterly
 sub-bottling payment is based on sales of certain beverages and
 beverage products sold under the same trademarks that identify a
 covered beverage
 related product or certain cross-licensed brands
 (as defined in the CBAs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At each
 reporting period
 the Company evaluates future cash flows
 associated with its acquired territories and the associated
 discount rate to determine the fair value of the contingent
 consideration. These cash flows represent the Company&amp;#x2019;s best
 estimate of the amounts which will be paid to The Coca-Cola Company
 under the CBA over the remaining life of certain distribution
 rights intangible assets. The discount rate represents the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s weighted average cost of capital at the reporting
 date the fair value calculation is being performed. Changes in the
 fair value of the acquisition related contingent consideration is
 included in &amp;#x201C;Other income (expense)&amp;#x201D; on the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pension
 and Postretirement Benefit Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has a noncontributory pension plan covering certain nonunion
 employees and one noncontributory pension plan covering certain
 union employees. Costs of the plans are charged to current
 operations and consist of several components of net periodic
 pension cost based on various actuarial assumptions regarding
 future experience of the plans. In addition
 certain other union
 employees are covered by plans provided by their respective union
 organizations and the Company expenses amounts as paid in
 accordance with union agreements. The Company recognizes the cost
 of postretirement benefits
 which consist principally of medical
 benefits
 during employees&amp;#x2019; periods of active
 service.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amounts
 recorded for benefit plans reflect estimates related to interest
 rates
 investment returns
 employee turnover and health care costs.
 The discount rate assumptions used to determine the pension and
 postretirement benefit obligations are based on yield rates
 available on double-A bonds as of each plan&amp;#x2019;s measurement
 date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Income
 Taxes&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income taxes
 are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred
 tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
 consequences attributable to operating loss and tax credit
 carryforwards as well as differences between the financial
 statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and
 their respective tax bases. The effect on deferred tax assets and
 liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the
 period that includes the enactment date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A valuation
 allowance will be provided against deferred tax assets
 if the
 Company determines it is more likely than not such assets will not
 ultimately be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 does not recognize a tax benefit unless it concludes that it is
 more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by
 the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the
 associated tax position. If the recognition threshold is met
 the
 Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of
 the tax benefit that
 in the Company&amp;#x2019;s judgment
 is greater
 than 50 percent likely to be realized. The Company records interest
 and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax
 expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 Recognition&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revenues are
 recognized when finished products are delivered to customers and
 both title and the risks and benefits of ownership are transferred
 price is fixed and determinable
 collection is reasonably assured
 and
 in the case of full service vending
 when cash is collected
 from the vending machines. Appropriate provision is made for
 uncollectible accounts.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the
 delivery of fountain syrup products to The Coca-Cola
 Company&amp;#x2019;s fountain customers. In addition
 the Company
 receives service fees from The Coca-Cola Company related to the
 repair of fountain equipment owned by The Coca-Cola Company. The
 fees received from The Coca-Cola Company for the delivery of
 fountain syrup products to their customers and the repair of their
 fountain equipment are recognized as revenue when the respective
 services are completed. Service revenue represents approximately 1%
 of net sales
 and is presented within the Nonalcoholic Beverages
 segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 performs freight hauling and brokerage for third parties in
 addition to delivering its own products. The freight charges are
 recognized as revenues when the delivery is complete. Freight
 revenue from third parties represents approximately 2% of net
 sales
 and is presented within the All Other segment.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Revenues do
 not include sales or other taxes collected from
 customers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing Programs and Sales
 Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 participates in various marketing and sales programs with The
 Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies and arrangements
 with customers to increase the sale of its products by its
 customers. Among the programs negotiated with customers are
 arrangements under which allowances can be earned for attaining
 agreed-upon sales levels and/or for participating in specific
 marketing programs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coupon
 programs are also developed on a territory-specific basis. The cost
 of these various marketing programs and sales incentives with The
 Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies
 included as
 deductions to net sales
 totaled $61.7 million
 $57.1 million and
 $58.1 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing Funding Support&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 receives marketing funding support payments in cash from The
 Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies. Payments to the
 Company for marketing programs to promote the sale of bottle/can
 volume and fountain syrup volume are recognized in earnings
 primarily on a per unit basis over the year as product is sold.
 Payments for periodic programs are recognized in the periods for
 which they are earned.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under GAAP
 cash consideration received by a customer from a vendor is presumed
 to be a reduction of the prices of the vendor&amp;#x2019;s products or
 services and is
 therefore
 to be accounted for as a reduction of
 cost of sales in the statements of operations unless those payments
 are specific reimbursements of costs or payments for services.
 Payments the Company receives from The Coca-Cola Company and other
 beverage companies for marketing funding support are classified as
 reductions of cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Derivative Financial Instruments&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses derivative financial instruments to manage its exposure to
 movements in interest rates and certain commodity prices. The use
 of these financial instruments modifies the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 exposure to these risks with the intent of reducing risk over time.
 The Company does not use financial instruments for trading
 purposes
 nor does it use leveraged financial instruments. Credit
 risk related to the derivative financial instruments is managed by
 requiring high credit standards for its counterparties and periodic
 settlements. The Company records all derivative instruments in the
 financial statements at fair value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Commodity
 Hedges&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 may use derivative instruments to hedge some or all of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s projected diesel fuel and unleaded gasoline
 purchases (used in the Company&amp;#x2019;s delivery fleet and other
 vehicles) and aluminum purchases. The Company generally pays a fee
 for these instruments which is amortized over the corresponding
 period of the instrument. The Company accounts for its commodity
 hedges on a mark-to-market basis with any expense or income
 reflected as an adjustment of related costs which are included in
 either cost of sales or S
D&amp;amp;A expenses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Risk
 Management Programs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses various insurance structures to manage its workers&amp;#x2019;
 compensation
 auto liability
 medical and other insurable risks.
 These structures consist of retentions
 deductibles
 limits and a
 diverse group of insurers that serve to strategically transfer and
 mitigate the financial impact of losses. The Company uses
 commercial insurance for claims as a risk reduction strategy to
 minimize catastrophic losses. Losses are accrued using assumptions
 and procedures followed in the insurance industry
 adjusted for
 company-specific history and expectations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cost of
 Sales&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales
 includes the following: raw material costs
 manufacturing labor
 manufacturing overhead including depreciation expense
 manufacturing warehousing costs and shipping and handling costs
 related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing
 locations to sales distribution centers.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Selling
 Delivery and Administrative
 Expenses&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses include the following: sales management labor costs
 distribution costs from sales distribution centers to customer
 locations
 sales distribution center warehouse costs
 depreciation
 expense related to sales centers
 delivery vehicles and cold drink
 equipment
 point-of-sale expenses
 advertising expenses
 cold drink
 equipment repair costs
 amortization of intangibles and
 administrative support labor and operating costs such as treasury
 legal
 information services
 accounting
 internal control services
 human resources and executive management costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Shipping and
 handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from
 manufacturing locations to sales distribution centers are included
 in cost of sales. Shipping and handling costs related to the
 movement of finished goods from sales distribution centers to
 customer locations are included in S
D&amp;amp;A expenses and were
 $211.6 million
 $201.0 million and $200.0 million in 2014
 2013 and
 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recorded delivery fees in net sales of $6.2 million
 $6.3 million
 and $7.0 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively
 and are
 presented within the Nonalcoholic Beverages segment. These fees are
 used to offset a portion of the Company&amp;#x2019;s delivery and
 handling costs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock
 Compensation with Contingent Vesting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 April&amp;#xA0;29
 2008
 the stockholders of the Company approved a
 Performance Unit Award Agreement for J. Frank Harrison
 III
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
 Executive Officer
 consisting of 400
000 performance units
 (&amp;#x201C;Units&amp;#x201D;). Each Unit represents the right to receive
 one share of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common Stock
 subject to
 certain terms and conditions. The Units are subject to vesting in
 annual increments over a ten-year period starting in fiscal year
 2009. The number of Units that vest each year will equal the
 product of 40
000 multiplied by the overall goal achievement factor
 (not to exceed 100%) under the Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus
 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Each annual
 40
000 unit tranche has an independent performance requirement
 as
 it is not established until the Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus Plan
 targets are approved each year by the Compensation Committee of the
 Board of Directors. As a result
 each 40
000 unit tranche is
 considered to have its own service inception date
 grant-date and
 requisite service period. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus Plan
 targets
 which establish the performance requirements for the
 Performance Unit Award Agreement
 are approved by the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors in the first quarter of each
 year. The Performance Unit Award Agreement does not entitle
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison
 to participate in dividends or voting rights
 until each installment has vested and the shares are issued.
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison may satisfy tax withholding requirements in whole
 or in part by requiring the Company to settle in cash such number
 of units otherwise payable in Class B Common Stock to meet the
 maximum statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company
 recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period
 (one fiscal year) based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price at the
 end of each accounting period
 unless the achievement of the
 performance requirement for the fiscal year is considered
 unlikely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;See Note 17
 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 on Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison&amp;#x2019;s stock compensation program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net
 Income Per Share&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 applies the two-class method for calculating and presenting net
 income per share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation
 formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common
 stock according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and
 participation rights in undistributed earnings. Under this
 method:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income from continuing
 operations (&amp;#x201C;net income&amp;#x201D;) is reduced by the amount of
 dividends declared in the current period for each class of stock
 and by the contractual amount of dividends that must be paid for
 the current period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(b)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The remaining earnings
 (&amp;#x201C;undistributed earnings&amp;#x201D;) are allocated to Common
 Stock and Class B Common Stock to the extent that each security may
 share in earnings as if all of the earnings for the period had been
 distributed. The total earnings allocated to each security is
 determined by adding together the amount allocated for dividends
 and the amount allocated for a participation feature.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(c)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The total earnings
 allocated to each security is then divided by the number of
 outstanding shares of the security to which the earnings are
 allocated to determine the earnings per share for the
 security.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=8%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=5% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(d)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic and diluted
 earnings per share (&amp;#x201C;EPS&amp;#x201D;) data are presented for each
 class of common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In applying
 the two-class method
 the Company determined that undistributed
 earnings should be allocated equally on a per share basis between
 the Common Stock and Class B Common Stock due to the aggregate
 participation rights of the Class B Common Stock (i.e.
 the voting
 and conversion rights) and the Company&amp;#x2019;s history of paying
 dividends equally on a per share basis on the Common Stock and
 Class B Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s certificate of incorporation
 the Board of
 Directors may declare dividends on Common Stock without declaring
 equal or any dividends on the Class B Common Stock. Notwithstanding
 this provision
 Class B Common Stock has voting and conversion
 rights that allow the Class B Common Stock to participate equally
 on a per share basis with the Common Stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Class B
 Common Stock is entitled to 20 votes per share and the Common Stock
 is entitled to one vote per share with respect to each matter to be
 voted upon by the stockholders of the Company. Except as otherwise
 required by law
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock and Common
 Stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s stockholders
 including the election of the
 Board of Directors. As a result
 the holders of the Class B Common
 Stock control approximately 86% of the total voting power of the
 stockholders of the Company and control the election of the Board
 of Directors. The Board of Directors has declared and the Company
 has paid dividends on the Class B Common Stock and Common Stock and
 each class of common stock has participated equally in all
 dividends declared by the Board of Directors and paid by the
 Company since 1994.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Class B
 Common Stock conversion rights allow the Class B Common Stock to
 participate in dividends equally with the Common Stock. The Class B
 Common Stock is convertible into Common Stock on a one-for-one per
 share basis at any time at the option of the holder. Accordingly
 the holders of the Class B Common Stock can participate equally in
 any dividends declared on the Common Stock by exercising their
 conversion rights.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As a result
 of the Class B Common Stock&amp;#x2019;s aggregated participation
 rights
 the Company has determined that undistributed earnings
 should be allocated equally on a per share basis to the Common
 Stock and Class B Common Stock under the two-class
 method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Basic EPS
 excludes potential common shares that were dilutive and is computed
 by dividing net income available for common stockholders by the
 weighted average number of Common and Class B Common shares
 outstanding. Diluted EPS for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 gives effect to all securities representing potential common shares
 that were dilutive and outstanding during the period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recently Adopted Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In July 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;)
 issued new guidance on the financial statement presentation of an
 unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating loss carryforward
 a
 similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The
 provisions of the new guidance were effective for fiscal years
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. The requirements of this
 new guidance did not have a material impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 consolidated financial statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recently Issued Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In April
 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the criteria for
 determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued
 operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. The new
 guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. The impact on the Company of adopting
 the new guidance will depend on the nature
 terms and size of
 business disposals completed after the effective date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance on accounting for revenue from
 contracts with customers. The new guidance is effective for annual
 and interim periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The
 Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new
 guidance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2015
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the analysis that
 a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
 consolidate certain types of legal entities. The new guidance is
 effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
 15
 2015. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of
 the new guidance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;26.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Subsequent Events&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Completed
 Expansion Territory Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 December&amp;#xA0;5
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an asset
 purchase agreement (the &amp;#x201C;December Asset Purchase
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;) related to the territory served by CCR through
 CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Cleveland and
 Cookeville
 Tennessee (the &amp;#x201C;January 2015 Acquisition
 Territory&amp;#x201D;). The closing of this transaction occurred on
 January&amp;#xA0;30
 2015
 for a cash purchase price of $13.8 million
 which will remain subject to adjustment until March&amp;#xA0;13
 2016
 at the latest.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has preliminarily allocated the purchase price to the individual
 acquired assets and assumed liabilities. The valuations are subject
 to adjustment as additional information is obtained
 but any
 adjustments are not expected to be material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expense and other
 current assets (including deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of the preliminary purchase price allocation to the
 identifiable intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The goodwill
 of $1.1 million is primarily attributed to the workforce of the
 acquired business. None of the goodwill recorded is expected to be
 deductible for tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 preliminary purchase price allocation and the financial results of
 the acquisition territory have not been included in the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements as of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 because the acquisition occurred in the
 first quarter of 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 December&amp;#xA0;18
 2014
 the Company signed an asset purchase
 agreement with CCR relating to the territory currently served by
 CCR through CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in
 Louisville
 Kentucky and Evansville
 Indiana (the &amp;#x201C;Louisville
 and Evansville Expansion Territory&amp;#x201D;).&amp;#xA0;The asset purchase
 agreement
 together with the CBA the Company entered into with CCR
 at the closing of this transaction
 which occurred on
 February&amp;#xA0;27
 2015
 grant the Company certain exclusive rights
 in the Louisville and Evansville Expansion Territory and obligate
 the Company to make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to CCR on a
 continuing basis for the grant of such rights are described in a
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on December&amp;#xA0;18
 2014. The aggregate
 purchase price paid by the Company in cash at the closing for the
 transferred assets
 after deducting the value of certain retained
 assets and retained liabilities
 was approximately $19.8
 million.&amp;#xA0;The amount paid remains subject to adjustment
 post-closing. The Company has not completed the preliminary
 allocation of the purchase price to the individual acquired assets
 and assumed liabilities. The transaction will be accounted for as a
 business combination under FASB Accounting Standards Codification
 805.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Monster
 Energy Distribution Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In August
 2014
 Monster Energy Corporation and The Coca-Cola Company
 announced that they had entered into definitive agreements
 providing for a long-term strategic partnership in the global
 energy drink category. As part of their agreements to form a
 long-term strategic partnership
 Monster Energy Corporation
 through its operating subsidiary Monster Energy Company
 (&amp;#x201C;MEC&amp;#x201D;)
 and The Coca-Cola Company have agreed that
 upon the closing of the transactions contemplated by such
 agreements
 they will enter into an Amended and Restated
 Distribution Coordination Agreement (as such agreement may become
 final and definitive
 the &amp;#x201C;Coordination Agreement&amp;#x201D;)
 that would provide for expanded distribution of certain MEC
 products (the &amp;#x201C;MEC Products&amp;#x201D;) by licensed bottlers of
 The Coca-Cola Company&amp;#x2019;s products in the territories in which
 these bottlers distribute products of The Coca-Cola Company upon
 execution of mutually agreed upon distribution agreements between
 MEC and these licensed bottlers. On December&amp;#xA0;17
 2014
 the
 Company entered into an agreement (the &amp;#x201C;MEC Products Consent
 Agreement&amp;#x201D;) with The Coca-Cola Company (acting through its
 Coca-Cola North America Division) whereby The Coca-Cola Company has
 consented to the Company distributing MEC Products in that portion
 of the territories the Company serves where the Company does not
 currently distribute MEC Products pursuant to a distribution
 agreement the Company and MEC are currently negotiating. In
 exchange for giving its consent to the Company&amp;#x2019;s proposed MEC
 Distribution Agreement
 the Company has agreed to pay The Coca-Cola
 Company an amount based on the number of standard physical cases of
 MEC Products sold by the current distributor of such products in
 the Additional MEC Products Territory during the twelve-month
 period immediately preceding the date that the Company begins
 distributing MEC Products in the Additional MEC Products Territory.
 The Company would make the payment
 which is expected to be between
 $25 million and $30 million
 when the Company begins distributing
 MEC Products pursuant to the MEC Distribution Agreement. The
 details of the MEC Products Consent Agreement are described in a
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on December&amp;#xA0;19
 2014. The MEC
 Distribution Agreement has not been executed yet
 and
 consequently
 the payment required to be made to The Coca-Cola
 Company under the MEC Products Consent Agreement has not been made
 as of the date the Company is filing this Form 10-K.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Announced
 But Uncompleted Expansion Territory Transactions&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 February&amp;#xA0;13
 2015
 the Company signed an asset purchase
 agreement with CCR relating to the territory currently served by
 CCR through CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Paducah
 and Pikeville
 Kentucky (the &amp;#x201C;Paducah and Pikeville Expansion
 Territory&amp;#x201D;).&amp;#xA0;The asset purchase agreement
 together with
 the CBA the Company expects to enter into at the closing of this
 transaction with CCR
 would grant the Company certain exclusive
 rights in the Paducah and Pikeville Expansion Territory and
 obligate the Company to make a quarterly sub-bottling payment to
 CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of such rights
 are
 described in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with
 the Securities and Exchange Commission on February&amp;#xA0;18
 2015.
 The transaction will be accounted for as a business combination
 under FASB Accounting Standards Codification 805. The Company
 anticipates the closing will occur in the second quarter of
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Asset
 Exchange Agreement&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 October&amp;#xA0;17
 2014
 the Company and CCR entered into an
 agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Asset Exchange Agreement&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to
 which CCR has agreed to exchange certain assets of CCR relating to
 the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and
 other beverage products in the territory currently served by
 CCR&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Lexington
 Kentucky
 (the &amp;#x201C;Lexington Expansion Territory&amp;#x201D;)
 including the
 rights to produce such beverages in the Lexington Expansion
 Territory in exchange for certain assets of the Company relating to
 the marketing
 promotion
 distribution and sale of Coca-Cola and
 other beverage products in the territory currently served by the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s facilities and equipment located in Jackson
 Tennessee
 including the rights to produce such beverages in that
 territory. The Company filed a Current Report on Form 8-K with the
 Securities and Exchange Commission (&amp;#x201C;SEC&amp;#x201D;) on
 October&amp;#xA0;20
 2014
 which includes a summary description of the
 Asset Exchange Agreement. The Company anticipates the closing of
 the transactions for the Lexington Expansion Territory will occur
 in the first half of 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;12.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Fair Values of Financial
 Instruments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 methods and assumptions were used by the Company in estimating the
 fair values of its financial instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=28%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=69%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 38pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Instrument&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 87pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Method and Assumptions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash and Cash
 Equivalents
 Accounts Receivable and Accounts
 Payable&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair values of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts
 receivable and accounts payable approximate carrying values due to
 the short maturity of these items.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=5 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Public Debt
 Securities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s public debt
 securities are based on estimated current market
 prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=5 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Non-Public Variable
 Rate Debt&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The carrying amounts of the Company&amp;#x2019;s variable rate
 borrowings approximate their fair values due to variable interest
 rates with short reset periods.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=5 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Deferred Compensation
 Plan Assets/Liabilities&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair values of deferred compensation plan assets and
 liabilities
 which are held in mutual funds
 are based upon the
 quoted market value of the securities held within the mutual
 funds.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=5&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=5 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition Related
 Contingent Consideration&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair values of acquisition related contingent
 consideration are based on internal forecasts and the weighted
 average cost of capital derived from market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The carrying
 amounts and fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt
 deferred
 compensation plan assets and liabilities and acquisition related
 contingent consideration were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Public debt
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(373
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(404
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(373
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(409
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-public variable rate
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;GAAP requires
 that assets and liabilities carried at fair value be classified and
 disclosed in one of the following categories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Level 1:
 Quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or
 liabilities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Level 2:
 Observable market based inputs or unobservable inputs that are
 corroborated by market data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Level 3:
 Unobservable inputs that are not corroborated by market
 data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes
 by assets and liabilities
 the valuation of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s deferred compensation plan and acquisition related
 contingent consideration:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=8 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=8 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level
 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level&amp;#xA0;3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value estimates of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt are classified as Level
 2. Public debt securities are valued using quoted market prices of
 the debt or debt with similar characteristics.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 maintains a non-qualified deferred compensation plan for certain
 executives and other highly compensated employees. The investment
 assets are held in mutual funds. The fair value of the mutual funds
 is based on the quoted market value of the securities held within
 the funds (Level 1). The related deferred compensation liability
 represents the fair value of the investment assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;As part of
 the 2014 territory acquisitions
 the Company will make a quarterly
 sub-bottling payment to CCR on a continuing basis for the grant of
 exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell the
 Covered Beverages and Related Products in the Territories. This
 contingent consideration is valued using a probability weighted
 discounted cash flow model based on internal forecasts and the
 weighted average cost of capital derived from market data
 which
 are considered Level 3 inputs. Significant changes in any Level 3
 input or assumption in isolation will result in increases or
 decreases to the fair value measurement for the acquisition related
 contingent consideration.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 acquisition related contingent consideration is the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 only Level 3 asset or liability. A reconciliation of the activity
 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Opening
 balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase due to the
 Johnson City and Morristown purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase due to the
 Knoxville purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments made&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrual of fourth quarter
 payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value
 adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value adjustment of the acquisition related contingent
 consideration is recorded in other income (expense) on the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidation statements of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;There were no
 transfers of assets or liabilities between Levels for 2014
 2013 or
 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company evaluates the collectibility of its trade accounts
 receivable based on a number of factors. In circumstances where the
 Company becomes aware of a customer&amp;#x2019;s inability to meet its
 financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve for bad
 debts is estimated and recorded which reduces the recognized
 receivable to the estimated amount the Company believes will
 ultimately be collected. In addition to specific customer
 identification of potential bad debts
 bad debt charges are
 recorded based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s recent past loss history and
 an overall assessment of past due trade accounts receivable
 outstanding.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The Company&amp;#x2019;s review of potential bad debts considers the
 specific industry in which a particular customer operates
 such as
 supermarket retailers
 convenience stores and mass merchandise
 retailers
 and the general economic conditions that currently exist
 in that specific industry. The Company then considers the effects
 of concentration of credit risk in a specific industry and for
 specific customers within that industry.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Recently Adopted Pronouncements&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 In July 2013
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board
 (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) issued new guidance on the financial statement
 presentation of an unrecognized tax benefit when a net operating
 loss carryforward
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward
 exists. The provisions of the new guidance were effective for
 fiscal years beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2013. The
 requirements of this new guidance did not have a material impact on
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;8.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Other Identifiable Intangible
 Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;54
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
309&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20-40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists and other
 identifiable intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
438&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other identifiable
 intangible assets
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;62
347&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;57
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2014
 the Company acquired $52.6 million of distribution agreement
 intangible assets and $1.6 million of customer lists intangible
 assets related to the May and October Expansion
 Territories.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other
 identifiable intangible assets are amortized on a straight line
 basis. Amortization expense related to other identifiable
 intangible assets was $0.7 million
 $0.3 million and $0.4 million
 for 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. Assuming no impairment of
 these other identifiable intangible assets
 amortization expense in
 future years based upon recorded amounts as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 will be $1.8 million each year for 2015 through
 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Recently Issued Pronouncements&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In April
 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the criteria for
 determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued
 operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. The new
 guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2014. The impact on the Company of adopting
 the new guidance will depend on the nature
 terms and size of
 business disposals completed after the effective date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In May 2014
 the FASB issued new guidance on accounting for revenue from
 contracts with customers. The new guidance is effective for annual
 and interim periods beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. The
 Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of the new
 guidance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In February
 2015
 the FASB issued new guidance which changes the analysis that
 a reporting entity must perform to determine whether it should
 consolidate certain types of legal entities. The new guidance is
 effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December
 15
 2015. The Company is in the process of evaluating the impact of
 the new guidance on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Pension and Postretirement Benefit Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company has a noncontributory pension plan covering certain
 nonunion employees and one noncontributory pension plan covering
 certain union employees. Costs of the plans are charged to current
 operations and consist of several components of net periodic
 pension cost based on various actuarial assumptions regarding
 future experience of the plans. In addition
 certain other union
 employees are covered by plans provided by their respective union
 organizations and the Company expenses amounts as paid in
 accordance with union agreements. The Company recognizes the cost
 of postretirement benefits
 which consist principally of medical
 benefits
 during employees&amp;#x2019; periods of active service.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Amounts recorded for benefit plans reflect estimates related to
 interest rates
 investment returns
 employee turnover and health
 care costs. The discount rate assumptions used to determine the
 pension and postretirement benefit obligations are based on yield
 rates available on double-A bonds as of each plan&amp;#x2019;s
 measurement date.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;18.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Benefit Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Pension
 Plans&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All benefits
 under the primary Company-sponsored pension plan were frozen as of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2006 and no benefits have accrued to participants
 after this date. The Company also sponsors a pension plan for
 certain employees under collective bargaining agreements. Benefits
 under the pension plan for collectively bargained employees are
 determined in accordance with negotiated formulas for the
 respective participants. Contributions to the plans are based on
 actuarial determined amounts and are limited to the amounts
 currently deductible for income tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2014
 the Company updated its mortality assumptions used in the
 calculation of its pension liability as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014.
 The Society of Actuaries released new mortality tables in 2014
 which reflect the increase in longevity in the U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In the third
 quarter of 2013
 the Company offered a limited Lump Sum Window
 distribution of present valued pension benefits to terminated plan
 participants meeting certain criteria. Benefit distributions were
 made during the fourth quarter of 2013. Based upon the number of
 plan participants electing to take the lump-sum distribution and
 the total amount of such distributions
 the Company incurred a
 noncash charge of $12.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 when
 the distributions were made in accordance with the relevant
 accounting standards. The reduction in the number of plan
 participants and the reduction of plan assets reduced the cost of
 administering the pension plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables set forth pertinent information for the two
 Company-sponsored pension plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Changes in
 Projected Benefit Obligation&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;280
099&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;49
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(29
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Voluntary pension
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Change in plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 recognized an actuarial loss of $51.9 million in 2014 primarily due
 to a change in the discount rate from 5.21% in 2013 to 4.32% in
 2014. The actuarial loss
 net of tax
 was also recorded in other
 comprehensive loss. The Company recognized an actuarial gain of
 $54.4 million in 2013 primarily due to a change in the discount
 rate from 4.47% in 2012 to 5.21% in 2013. The actuarial gain
 net
 of tax
 was recorded in other comprehensive loss.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The projected
 benefit obligations and accumulated benefit obligations for both of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plans were in excess of plan assets at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013. The accumulated
 benefit obligation was $279.7 million and $226.3 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;206
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 10px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Funded
 Status&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(279
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(226
265&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan assets at fair
 value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net funded
 status&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 10px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Amounts
 Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net amount
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Net
 Periodic Pension Cost (Benefit)&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=73%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;105&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
451&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Expected return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(13
797&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(12
462&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Loss on voluntary pension
 settlement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Recognized net actuarial
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic pension cost
 (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 101pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Assumptions Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at the measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average rate of
 compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic pension cost
 for the fiscal year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average expected
 long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average rate of
 compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated future
 pension benefit payments for the fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2020 &amp;#x2014;
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;65
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated
 contributions for the two Company-sponsored pension plans will be
 in the range of $7 million to $10 million in 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Plan
 Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plans target asset allocation for 2015
 actual asset allocation at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 and
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and the expected weighted average long-term
 rate of return by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=65%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Target&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Allocation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Percentage&lt;br /&gt;
 of Plan&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets
 at&lt;br /&gt;
 Fiscal Year-&lt;br /&gt;
 End&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Expected&lt;br /&gt;
 Long-Term&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Rate&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Return&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S. large capitalization
 equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;41&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S.
 small/mid-capitalization equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;International equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Debt
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;All of the
 assets in the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plans include investments in
 institutional investment funds managed by professional investment
 advisors which hold U.S. equities
 international equities and debt
 securities. The objective of the Company&amp;#x2019;s investment
 philosophy is to earn the plans&amp;#x2019; targeted rate of return over
 longer periods without assuming excess investment risk. The general
 guidelines for plan investments include 30% - 50% in large
 capitalization equity securities
 0% - 20% in U.S. small and
 mid-capitalization equity securities
&amp;#xA0;&lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;0%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;20%&lt;/font&gt;&amp;#xA0;in international equity
 securities and 10% - 50% in debt securities. The Company currently
 has 60% of its plan investments in equity securities and 40% in
 debt securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;U.S. large
 capitalization equity securities include domestic based companies
 that are generally included in common market indices such as the
 S&amp;amp;P 500&amp;#x2122; and the Russell 1000&amp;#x2122;. U.S. small and
 mid-capitalization equity securities include small domestic
 equities as represented by the Russell 2000&amp;#x2122; index.
 International equity securities include companies from developed
 markets outside of the United States. Debt securities at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 are comprised of investments in two
 institutional bond funds with a weighted average duration of
 approximately three years.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The weighted
 average expected long-term rate of return of plan assets of 7% was
 used in determining net periodic pension cost in both 2014 and
 2013. This rate reflects an estimate of long-term future returns
 for the pension plan assets. This estimate is primarily a function
 of the asset classes (equities versus fixed income) in which the
 pension plan assets are invested and the analysis of past
 performance of these asset classes over a long period of time. This
 analysis includes expected long-term inflation and the risk
 premiums associated with equity investments and fixed income
 investments.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted&amp;#xA0;Prices&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 Active&amp;#xA0;Market&amp;#xA0;for&lt;br /&gt;
 Identical&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Observable&amp;#xA0;Input&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;127
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;23&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;642&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;84
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;619&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
073&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The underlying
 investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively
 managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that
 are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the
 number of shares held as of the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 table summarizes the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension plan assets measured
 at fair value on a recurring basis (at least annually) at
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted&amp;#xA0;Prices&amp;#xA0;in&lt;br /&gt;
 Active&amp;#xA0;Market&amp;#xA0;for&lt;br /&gt;
 Identical&amp;#xA0;Assets&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 1)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant&amp;#xA0;Other&lt;br /&gt;
 Observable&amp;#xA0;Input&lt;br /&gt;
 (Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash
 equivalents(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;196&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Equity
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
044&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Common/collective trust
 funds(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;79
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;624&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash equivalents are
 valued at their net asset value which approximates fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 3px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The underlying
 investments held in common/collective trust funds are actively
 managed equity securities and fixed income investment vehicles that
 are valued at the net asset value per share multiplied by the
 number of shares held as of the measurement date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 does not have any unobservable inputs (Level 3) pension plan
 assets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;401(k)
 Savings Plan&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 provides a 401(k) Savings Plan for substantially all of its
 employees who are not part of collective bargaining
 agreements.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During the
 first quarter of 2012
 the Company changed the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 matching contribution from fixed to discretionary maintaining the
 option to make matching contributions for eligible participants of
 up to 5% based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial results for 2012
 and future years. The 5% matching contribution was accrued during
 2013 and 2012. Based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial results
 the
 Company decided to make matching contributions of 5% of
 participants&amp;#x2019; contributions for the years of 2013 and 2012.
 The Company made these contribution payments for 2013 and 2012 in
 the first quarter of 2014 and 2013
 respectively. During 2014
 the
 Company matched the first 3.5% of participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions
 or $6.7 million
 while maintaining the option to
 increase the matching contributions an additional 1.5%
 for a total
 of 5%
 for the Company&amp;#x2019;s employees based on the financial
 results for 2014. Based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial results
 the Company decided to make the additional matching contribution of
 1.5%. The Company made this contribution payment in the first
 quarter of 2015. The total expense for this benefit was $8.8
 million
 $8.3 million and $8.2 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Postretirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 provides postretirement benefits for a portion of its current
 employees. The Company recognizes the cost of postretirement
 benefits
 which consist principally of medical benefits
 during
 employees&amp;#x2019; periods of active service. The Company does not
 pre-fund these benefits and has the right to modify or terminate
 certain of these benefits in the future.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 tables set forth a reconciliation of the beginning and ending
 balances of the benefit obligation
 a reconciliation of the
 beginning and ending balances of the fair value of plan assets and
 funded status of the Company&amp;#x2019;s postretirement benefit
 plan:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at
 beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;69
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan
 amendments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(8
681&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (gain)/loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Medicare Part D subsidy
 reimbursement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;70
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;67
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Plan participants&amp;#x2019;
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;586&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;569&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Medicare Part D subsidy
 reimbursement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;38&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=16&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=16 colspan=4&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(67
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(65
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued liability at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(70
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(67
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Recognized net actuarial
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic
 postretirement benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 101pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Assumptions Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at the
 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic
 postretirement benefit cost for the fiscal year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The weighted
 average health care cost trend used in measuring the postretirement
 benefit expense in 2014 for pre-Medicare was 8.0% graded down to an
 ultimate rate of 5.0% in 2021
 and for post-Medicare was 7.5%
 graded down to an ultimate rate of 5.0% in 2021. The weighted
 average health care cost trend used in measuring the postretirement
 benefit expense in 2013 was 8.0% graded down to an ultimate rate of
 5.0% by 2019. The weighted average health care cost trend used in
 measuring the postretirement benefit expense in 2012 was 8.5%
 graded down to an ultimate rate of 5.0% by 2019.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A 1% increase
 or decrease in this annual health care cost trend would have
 impacted the postretirement benefit obligation and service cost and
 interest cost of the Company&amp;#x2019;s postretirement benefit plan as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1%&lt;br /&gt;
 Increase&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;1%&lt;br /&gt;
 Decrease&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase (decrease)
 in:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Postretirement benefit
 obligation at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
036&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost and interest
 cost in 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;563&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(515&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top colspan=4&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated future
 postretirement benefit payments reflecting expected future service
 for the fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2020&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated
 future postretirement benefit payments are shown net of Medicare
 Part D subsidy reimbursements
 which are not material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The amounts
 in accumulated other comprehensive loss that have not yet been
 recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost at
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 the activity during 2014
 and the balances
 at December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=59%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Actuarial&lt;br /&gt;
 Gain&lt;br /&gt;
 (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;br /&gt;
 Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.&amp;#xA0;28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Pension Plans:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(71
787&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(53
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(123
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service (cost)
 credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Postretirement
 Medical:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial
 (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(31
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(38
299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service (cost)
 credit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
674&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(97
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(54
239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(149
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The amounts
 in accumulated other comprehensive loss that are expected to be
 recognized as components of net periodic cost during 2015 are as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&lt;br /&gt;
 Plans&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Postretirement&lt;br /&gt;
 Medical&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
182&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
870&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service cost
 (credit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
325&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
217&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Multi-Employer Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 currently participates in one multi-employer defined benefit
 pension plan covering certain employees whose employment is covered
 under collective bargaining agreements. The risks of participating
 in this multi-employer plan are different from single-employer
 plans in that assets contributed are pooled and may be used to
 provide benefits to employees of other participating employers. If
 a participating employer stops contributing to the plan
 the
 unfunded obligations of the plan may be borne by the remaining
 participating employers. If the Company chooses to stop
 participating in the multi-employer plan
 the Company could be
 required to pay the plan a withdrawal liability based on the
 underfunded status of the plan. The Company stopped participation
 in one multi-employer defined pension plan in 2008.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Certain
 employees of the Company participate in a multi-employer pension
 plan
 the Employers-Teamsters Local Union Nos. 175 and 505 Pension
 Fund (&amp;#x201C;the Plan&amp;#x201D;)
 to which the Company makes monthly
 contributions on behalf of such employees. The Plan was certified
 by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary as being in &amp;#x201C;critical&amp;#x201D;
 status for the plan year beginning January&amp;#xA0;1
 2013. As a
 result
 the Plan adopted a &amp;#x201C;Rehabilitation Plan&amp;#x201D;
 effective January&amp;#xA0;1
 2015. The Company agreed and incorporated
 such agreement in the renewal of the collective bargaining
 agreement with the union
 effective April&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 to
 participate in the Rehabilitation Plan. The Company will increase
 the contribution rates to the Plan effective January 2015 with
 additional increases occurring annually to support the
 Rehabilitation Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;There would
 likely be a withdrawal liability in the event the Company withdraws
 from its participation in the Plan. The Company&amp;#x2019;s withdrawal
 liability was reported by the Plan&amp;#x2019;s actuary as of April 2014
 to be approximately $4.5 million. The Company does not currently
 anticipate withdrawing from the Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s participation in the plan is outlined in the table
 below. The most recent Pension Protection Act (&amp;#x201C;PPA&amp;#x201D;)
 zone status available in 2014 and 2013 is for the plan&amp;#x2019;s
 years ending at December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013 and 2012
 respectively. The
 plan is in the red zone which represents below 80% funded and does
 require a financial improvement plan (&amp;#x201C;FIP&amp;#x201D;) or a
 rehabilitation plan (&amp;#x201C;RP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=56%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension&amp;#xA0;Protection&lt;br /&gt;
 Act&amp;#xA0;Zone&amp;#xA0;Status&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;FIP/RP&amp;#xA0;Status&lt;br /&gt;
 Pending/&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Implemented&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Contribution&lt;br /&gt;
 (In&amp;#xA0;Thousands)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom rowspan=2 colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Surcharge&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Imposed&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom rowspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pension
 Fund&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;2014&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer-Teamsters Local
 Nos. 175&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 505 Pension Trust Fund (EIN/Pension Plan&lt;br /&gt;
 No. 55-6021850)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Red&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Green&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;640&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Yes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;For the plan
 year ended December&amp;#xA0;31
 2013
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
 the
 Company was not listed in Employer-Teamsters Local Nos.
 175&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 505 Pension Trust Fund Forms 5500 as providing more
 than 5% of the total contributions for the plan. At the date these
 financial statements were issued
 Forms 5500 were not available for
 the plan year ending December&amp;#xA0;31
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 collective bargaining agreements covering the Employer-Teamsters
 Local Nos. 175&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; 505 Pension Trust Fund will expire on
 April&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 and July&amp;#xA0;26
 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 currently has a liability to a multi-employer pension plan related
 to the Company&amp;#x2019;s exit from the plan in 2008. As of
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
 the Company had a liability of $8.9 million
 recorded. The Company is required to make payments of approximately
 $1 million each year through 2028 to this multi-employer pension
 plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 also made contributions of $0.5 million
 $0.4 million and $0.3
 million to multi-employer defined contribution plans in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;5.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Property
 Plant and
 Equipment&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The principal
 categories and estimated useful lives of property
 plant and
 equipment were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8-50&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;154
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;144
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transportation
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;190
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Furniture and
 fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cold drink dispensing
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;345
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-17 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leasehold and land
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Software for internal
 use&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total property
 plant and
 equipment
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
044
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;957
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;685
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;654
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;358
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;302
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Depreciation
 and amortization expense was $60.4 million
 $58.3 million and $61.2
 million in 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 respectively. These amounts
 included amortization expense for leased property under capital
 leases.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;In 2013
 the
 Company changed the useful lives of certain cold drink dispensing
 equipment to reflect the estimated remaining useful lives. The
 change in useful lives reduced depreciation expense in 2013 by $1.7
 million ($0.11 per basic and diluted Common Stock and $0.11 per
 basic and diluted Class B Common Stock.)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 the Company performed periodic reviews of property
 plant and equipment and determined no material impairment
 existed.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 10px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Amounts
 Recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net amount
 recognized&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(66
977&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 101pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Assumptions Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Projected benefit
 obligation at the measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average rate of
 compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic pension cost
 for the fiscal year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.47&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5.18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average expected
 long-term rate of return on plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7.00&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Weighted average rate of
 compensation increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;N/A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Change in
 Plan Assets&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at beginning of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;206
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actual return on plan
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
676&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Employer
 contributions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
275&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefits paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(7
808&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value of plan assets
 at end of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;212
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;200
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 summarizes 2014
 2013 and 2012 pre-tax changes in the fair value of
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s commodity derivative financial instruments and
 the classification of such changes in the consolidated statements
 of operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=43%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=41%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 96pt align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Classification of Gain (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Commodity
 hedges&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Selling
 Delivery and Administrative Expenses&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 S
D&amp;amp;A expenses include the following: sales management labor
 costs
 distribution costs from sales distribution centers to
 customer locations
 sales distribution center warehouse costs
 depreciation expense related to sales centers
 delivery vehicles
 and cold drink equipment
 point-of-sale expenses
 advertising
 expenses
 cold drink equipment repair costs
 amortization of
 intangibles and administrative support labor and operating costs
 such as treasury
 legal
 information services
 accounting
 internal
 control services
 human resources and executive management
 costs.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Credit Risk of Trade Accounts Receivable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company sells its products to supermarkets
 convenience stores
 and other customers and extends credit
 generally without requiring
 collateral
 based on an ongoing evaluation of the customer&amp;#x2019;s
 business prospects and financial condition. The Company&amp;#x2019;s
 trade accounts receivable are typically collected within
 approximately 30 days from the date of sale. The Company monitors
 its exposure to losses on trade accounts receivable and maintains
 an allowance for potential losses or adjustments. Past due trade
 accounts receivable balances are written off when the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s collection efforts have been unsuccessful in
 collecting the amount due.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;16.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Income (Loss)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss is comprised of adjustments relative to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s pension and postretirement medical benefit
 plans and foreign currency translation adjustments required for a
 subsidiary of the Company that performs data analysis and provides
 consulting services outside the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 accumulated other comprehensive loss is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(53
597&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
688&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(673&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(74
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9
324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
598&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(3
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(54
248&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;20
939&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(89
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=48%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 29
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
041&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(43
028&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
560&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(94
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
725&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(58
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Includes the $12.0
 million noncash charge for voluntary lump-sum pension
 settlement.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=49%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Gains
 (Losses)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;During the
 Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;to
 Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Jan.
 1
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pre-tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tax&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Effect&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net pension
 activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(64
789&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
979&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(76
407&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net postretirement
 benefits activity:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Actuarial loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(21
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(22
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prior service
 costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
251&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;596&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Foreign currency
 translation adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(80
820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(26
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(94
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A summary of
 the impact on the income statement line items is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;
 Pension&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Net&amp;#xA0;Postretirement&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Benefits
 Activity&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2014&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;457&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
423&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;679&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
102&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
779&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;301&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;479&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
571&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2013&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
356&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
713&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
258&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
430&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
499&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
827&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;556&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
383&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;874&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;u&gt;2012&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cost of sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;312&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;99&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;S
D&amp;amp;A
 expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
527&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;727&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Subtotal
 pre-tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;826&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income tax
 expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
118&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;324&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total after tax
 effect&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
223&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The carrying
 amounts and fair values of the Company&amp;#x2019;s debt
 deferred
 compensation plan assets and liabilities and acquisition related
 contingent consideration were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=60%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=6 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Carrying&lt;br /&gt;
 Amount&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Public debt
 securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(373
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(404
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(373
566&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(409
434&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Non-public variable rate
 debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(71
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(25
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Deferred compensation
 plan liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(18
580&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(17
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Acquisition related
 contingent consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Leased Property Under Capital Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Leased property under capital leases is depreciated using the
 straight-line method over the lease term.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The principal
 categories and estimated useful lives of property
 plant and
 equipment were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=71%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec.
 28
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Land&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
762&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Buildings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;120
533&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;113
864&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8-50&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Machinery and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;154
897&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;144
662&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Transportation
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;190
216&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
403&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Furniture and
 fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;45
623&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;42
605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cold drink dispensing
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;345
391&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;317
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-17 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Leasehold and land
 improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;75
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;73
742&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5-20 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Software for internal
 use&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;91
156&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3-10 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Construction in
 progress&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;7
204&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total property
 plant and
 equipment
 at cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
044
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;957
648&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;685
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;654
650&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;


998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;

 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Changes in
 current assets and current liabilities affecting cash were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 trade
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(20
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
086&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
991&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable from
 The Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(4
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
328&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts receivable
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;605&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(5
287&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
937&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;234&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(15
155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
148&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable
 trade&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
051&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(814&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
259&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable to The
 Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
116&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
961&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6
320&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(14
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
936&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued
 compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
296&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued interest
 payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(Increase) decrease in
 current assets less current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(16
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;843&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;A
 reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the total
 amounts of uncertain tax positions (excluding accrued interest) is
 as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=79%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross uncertain tax
 positions at the beginning of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase as a result of
 tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Decrease as a result of
 tax positions taken during a prior period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(33&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase as a result of
 tax positions taken in the current period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;498&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;578&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;538&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Reduction as a result of
 the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(508&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Gross uncertain tax
 positions at the end of the year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
620&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
630&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Stock
 Compensation with Contingent Vesting&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;On
 April&amp;#xA0;29
 2008
 the stockholders of the Company approved a
 Performance Unit Award Agreement for J. Frank Harrison
 III
 the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
 Executive Officer
 consisting of 400
000 performance units
 (&amp;#x201C;Units&amp;#x201D;). Each Unit represents the right to receive
 one share of the Company&amp;#x2019;s Class B Common Stock
 subject to
 certain terms and conditions. The Units are subject to vesting in
 annual increments over a ten-year period starting in fiscal year
 2009. The number of Units that vest each year will equal the
 product of 40
000 multiplied by the overall goal achievement factor
 (not to exceed 100%) under the Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus
 Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Each annual
 40
000 unit tranche has an independent performance requirement
 as
 it is not established until the Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus Plan
 targets are approved each year by the Compensation Committee of the
 Board of Directors. As a result
 each 40
000 unit tranche is
 considered to have its own service inception date
 grant-date and
 requisite service period. The Company&amp;#x2019;s Annual Bonus Plan
 targets
 which establish the performance requirements for the
 Performance Unit Award Agreement
 are approved by the Compensation
 Committee of the Board of Directors in the first quarter of each
 year. The Performance Unit Award Agreement does not entitle
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison
 to participate in dividends or voting rights
 until each installment has vested and the shares are issued.
 Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison may satisfy tax withholding requirements in whole
 or in part by requiring the Company to settle in cash such number
 of units otherwise payable in Class B Common Stock to meet the
 maximum statutory tax withholding requirements. The Company
 recognizes compensation expense over the requisite service period
 (one fiscal year) based on the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price at the
 end of each accounting period
 unless the achievement of the
 performance requirement for the fiscal year is considered
 unlikely.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;See Note 17
 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 on Mr.&amp;#xA0;Harrison&amp;#x2019;s stock compensation program.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Marketing Programs and Sales
 Incentives&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 participates in various marketing and sales programs with The
 Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies and arrangements
 with customers to increase the sale of its products by its
 customers. Among the programs negotiated with customers are
 arrangements under which allowances can be earned for attaining
 agreed-upon sales levels and/or for participating in specific
 marketing programs.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coupon
 programs are also developed on a territory-specific basis. The cost
 of these various marketing programs and sales incentives with The
 Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies
 included as
 deductions to net sales
 totaled $61.7 million
 $57.1 million and
 $58.1 million in 2014
 2013 and 2012
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Marketing Funding Support&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company receives marketing funding support payments in cash
 from The Coca-Cola Company and other beverage companies. Payments
 to the Company for marketing programs to promote the sale of
 bottle/can volume and fountain syrup volume are recognized in
 earnings primarily on a per unit basis over the year as product is
 sold. Payments for periodic programs are recognized in the periods
 for which they are earned.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 Under GAAP
 cash consideration received by a customer from a vendor
 is presumed to be a reduction of the prices of the vendor&amp;#x2019;s
 products or services and is
 therefore
 to be accounted for as a
 reduction of cost of sales in the statements of operations unless
 those payments are specific reimbursements of costs or payments for
 services. Payments the Company receives from The Coca-Cola Company
 and other beverage companies for marketing funding support are
 classified as reductions of cost of sales.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;General&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Coca-Cola
 Bottling Co. Consolidated (the &amp;#x201C;Company&amp;#x201D;) produces
 markets and distributes nonalcoholic beverages
 primarily products
 of The Coca-Cola Company. The Company operates principally in the
 southeastern region of the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the
 Company and its majority owned subsidiaries. All significant
 intercompany accounts and transactions have been
 eliminated.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with
 United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those
 estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fiscal
 years presented are the 52-week periods ended December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 (&amp;#x201C;2014&amp;#x201D;)
 December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013
 (&amp;#x201C;2013&amp;#x201D;) and December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 (&amp;#x201C;2012&amp;#x201D;). The Company&amp;#x2019;s fiscal year ends on the
 Sunday closest to December&amp;#xA0;31 of each year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Piedmont
 Coca-Cola Bottling Partnership (&amp;#x201C;Piedmont&amp;#x201D;) is the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s only subsidiary that has a significant
 noncontrolling interest. Noncontrolling interest income of $4.7
 million in 2014
 $4.4 million in 2013 and $4.2 million in 2012 are
 included in net income on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated
 statements of operations. In addition
 the amount of consolidated
 net income attributable to both the Company and noncontrolling
 interest are shown on the Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated statements
 of operations. Noncontrolling interest primarily related to
 Piedmont totaled $73.3 million
 $68.6 million and $64.2 million at
 December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014
&amp;#xA0;December&amp;#xA0;29
 2013 and
 December&amp;#xA0;30
 2012
 respectively. These amounts are shown as
 noncontrolling interest in the equity section of the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Certain prior
 year amounts have been reclassified to conform with current
 classifications.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales in
 the last three fiscal years by product category were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Bottle/can
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sparkling beverages
 (including energy products)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
124
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
063
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
073
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Still
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;247
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;233
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total bottle/can
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
403
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
310
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
306
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales to other Coca-Cola
 bottlers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;162
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;152
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Post-mix and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;155
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;342
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;330
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;307
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
746
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
641
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
614
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 acquisition related contingent consideration is the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 only Level 3 asset or liability. A reconciliation of the activity
 is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Opening
 balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase due to the
 Johnson City and Morristown purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Increase due to the
 Knoxville purchase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;33
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Payments made&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(212&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrual of fourth quarter
 payment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(215&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Fair value
 adjustment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The following
 is a summary of future minimum lease payments for all capital
 leases and noncancellable operating leases as of December&amp;#xA0;28
 2014.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Capital&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Operating&lt;br /&gt;
 Leases&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
783&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
448&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;16
242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
292&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
860&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
069&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;24
847&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
485&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total minimum lease
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;76
243&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;53
699&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;129
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Amounts
 representing interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Present value of minimum
 lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Less: Current portion of
 obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Long-term portion of
 obligations under capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;52
604&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(2
682&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Noncurrent
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(67
123&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(65
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accrued liability at end
 of year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(70
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(67
840&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=6 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid; WIDTH: 46.9pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;In Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;69
828&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
626&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
255&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
877&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan amendments&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
681&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participants&amp;#x2019; contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;586&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial (gain)/loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
560&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Medicare Part D subsidy reimbursement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70
121&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;67
840&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Franchise Rights and Goodwill&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Under the
 provisions of generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)
 all
 business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition
 method and goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite useful
 lives are not amortized but instead are tested for impairment
 annually
 or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate
 such assets may be impaired. The only intangible assets the Company
 classifies as indefinite lived are franchise rights and goodwill.
 The Company performs its annual impairment test as of the first day
 of the fourth quarter of each year. For both franchise rights and
 goodwill
 when appropriate
 the Company performs a qualitative
 assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the
 fair value of the franchise rights or goodwill is below its
 carrying value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;When a
 quantitative analysis is considered necessary for the annual
 impairment analysis of franchise rights
 the Company utilizes the
 Greenfield Method to estimate the fair value. The Greenfield Method
 assumes the Company is starting new
 owning only franchise rights
 and makes investments required to build an operation comparable to
 the Company&amp;#x2019;s current operations. The Company estimates the
 cash flows required to build a comparable operation and the
 available future cash flows from these operations. The cash flows
 are then discounted using an appropriate discount rate. The
 estimated fair value based upon the discounted cash flows is then
 compared to the carrying value on an aggregated basis.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 has determined that it has one reporting unit for purposes of
 assessing goodwill for potential impairment. When a quantitative
 analysis is considered necessary for the annual impairment analysis
 of goodwill
 the Company develops an estimated fair value for the
 reporting unit considering three different approaches:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;market value
 using the Company&amp;#x2019;s stock price plus
 outstanding debt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;discounted cash flow analysis; and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=4%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1% align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#x2022;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=1%&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;
 &lt;p align=left&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;multiple of earnings before interest
 taxes
 depreciation and
 amortization based upon relevant industry data.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The estimated
 fair value of the reporting unit is then compared to its carrying
 amount including goodwill. If the estimated fair value exceeds the
 carrying amount
 goodwill is considered not impaired
 and the
 second step of the impairment test is not necessary. If the
 carrying amount including goodwill exceeds its estimated fair
 value
 the second step of the impairment test is performed to
 measure the amount of the impairment
 if any. In the second step
 a
 comparison is made between book value of goodwill to the implied
 fair value of goodwill. Implied fair value of goodwill is
 determined by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit to the
 book value of its net identifiable assets excluding goodwill. If
 the implied fair value of goodwill is below the book value of
 goodwill
 an impairment loss would be recognized for the
 difference.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The Company
 uses its overall market capitalization as part of its estimate of
 fair value of the reporting unit and in assessing the
 reasonableness of the Company&amp;#x2019;s internal estimates of fair
 value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;To the extent
 that actual and projected cash flows decline in the future
 or if
 market conditions deteriorate significantly
 the Company may be
 required to perform an interim impairment analysis that could
 result in an impairment of franchise rights or goodwill.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 components of net periodic postretirement benefit cost were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
626&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
255&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
981&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Recognized net actuarial
 loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
293&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
339&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Amortization of prior
 service cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;(1
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic
 postretirement benefit cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
933&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;5
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Risk Management Programs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The Company uses various insurance structures to manage its
 workers&amp;#x2019; compensation
 auto liability
 medical and other
 insurable risks. These structures consist of retentions
 deductibles
 limits and a diverse group of insurers that serve to
 strategically transfer and mitigate the financial impact of losses.
 The Company uses commercial insurance for claims as a risk
 reduction strategy to minimize catastrophic losses. Losses are
 accrued using assumptions and procedures followed in the insurance
 industry
 adjusted for company-specific history and
 expectations.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Acquisition Related Contingent Consideration
 Liability&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 acquisition related contingent consideration liability consists of
 the estimated amounts due to The Coca-Cola Company under the
 Comprehensive Beverage Agreements (&amp;#x201C;CBAs&amp;#x201D;) over the
 remaining useful life of the related distribution rights intangible
 assets. Under the CBAs
 the Company is required to make quarterly
 sub-bottling payments on a continuing basis for the grant of
 exclusive rights to distribute
 promote
 market and sell specified
 covered beverages and related products
 as defined in the
 agreement
 in certain acquired territories. The quarterly
 sub-bottling payment is based on sales of certain beverages and
 beverage products sold under the same trademarks that identify a
 covered beverage
 related product or certain cross-licensed brands
 (as defined in the CBAs).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;At each
 reporting period
 the Company evaluates future cash flows
 associated with its acquired territories and the associated
 discount rate to determine the fair value of the contingent
 consideration. These cash flows represent the Company&amp;#x2019;s best
 estimate of the amounts which will be paid to The Coca-Cola Company
 under the CBA over the remaining life of certain distribution
 rights intangible assets. The discount rate represents the
 Company&amp;#x2019;s weighted average cost of capital at the reporting
 date the fair value calculation is being performed. Changes in the
 fair value of the acquisition related contingent consideration is
 included in &amp;#x201C;Other income (expense)&amp;#x201D; on the
 Consolidated Statement of Operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employer contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
061&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Plan participants&amp;#x2019; contributions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;586&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
685&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
611&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Medicare Part D subsidy reimbursement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;111&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of plan assets at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;


 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=81%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 101pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant Assumptions Used&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Benefit obligation at the
 measurement date:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net periodic
 postretirement benefit cost for the fiscal year:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Discount rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.96&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.94&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;7.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Franchise Rights and
 Goodwill&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 28
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dec. 29
&lt;br /&gt;
 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Franchise
 rights&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;520
672&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;106
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;102
049&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total franchise rights
 and goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;626
892&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;622
721&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The
 Company&amp;#x2019;s goodwill resides entirely within the Nonalcoholic
 Beverages segment. The Company performed its annual impairment test
 of franchise rights and goodwill as of the first day of the fourth
 quarter of 2014
 2013 and 2012 and determined there was no
 impairment of the carrying value of these assets. There has been no
 impairment of franchise rights or goodwill since
 acquisition.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;During 2014
 the Company acquired $4.2 million of goodwill related to territory
 acquisitions. There was no activity for franchise rights or
 goodwill in 2013 or 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;b&gt;20.&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;Net Sales by Product
 Category&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Net sales in
 the last three fiscal years by product category were as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Bottle/can
 sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sparkling beverages
 (including energy products)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
124
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
063
154&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
073
071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Still
 beverages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;279
138&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;247
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;233
895&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total bottle/can
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
403
940&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
310
715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
306
966&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sales to other Coca-Cola
 bottlers&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;162
346&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;166
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;152
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Post-mix and
 other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;180
083&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;164
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;155
066&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total other
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;342
429&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;330
616&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;307
467&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total net
 sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
746
369&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
641
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
614
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Sparkling
 beverages are carbonated beverages
 including energy products
 while still beverages are noncarbonated beverages.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash payments
 for interest and income taxes were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
209&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;35
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;31
009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;15
906&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
119&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top colspan=4&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated future
 postretirement benefit payments reflecting expected future service
 for the fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
998&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
193&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
440&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2020&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;22
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 31px; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&lt;i&gt;Cash
 Flows&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Anticipated future
 pension benefit payments for the fiscal years:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;9
749&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;10
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
033&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2020 &amp;#x2014;
 2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;65
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
361&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;8
495&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;782&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;25
290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other accrued
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;81&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;11
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
081&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of acquired identifiable intangible assets is as
 follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;108&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
084&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expenses and
 other current assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
152&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
106&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;66
035&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;2
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Accounts payable to The
 Coca-Cola Company&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;242&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (including deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3
060&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;30
774&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;36
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of the preliminary purchase price allocation to the
 identifiable intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;39
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 values of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as of the
 acquisition date are summarized as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=90%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;59&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Prepaid expense and other
 current assets (including deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Property
 plant and
 equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;6
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other assets (including
 deferred taxes)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;1
145&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other identifiable
 intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total acquired
 assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;28
342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Current liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Other liabilities
 (acquisition related contingent consideration)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;13
729&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total assumed
 liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;14
573&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; TEXT-INDENT: 4%&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The fair
 value of the preliminary purchase price allocation to the
 identifiable intangible assets is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; FONT-SIZE: 12px; MARGIN-TOP: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 46pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Thousands&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 nowrap=nowrap align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Estimated&lt;br /&gt;
 Useful&amp;#xA0;Life&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Distribution
 agreements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;12 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;17
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 4%; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;The minimum
 rentals and contingent rental payments that relate to this lease
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=85%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fiscal
 Year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; WIDTH: 37pt&gt;
 &lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;In
 Millions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=1&gt;&lt;b&gt;2012&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Minimum
 rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;3.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Contingent
 rentals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;Total rental
 payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font size=1&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;4.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; size=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      





        


        




    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2014-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2014-01-31
  xmlns:coke=http://www.cokeconsolidated.com/20141228
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2014-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://www.cokeconsolidated.com/20141228




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant and Equipment - Principal Categories and Estimated Useful Lives of Property

        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





    
    



 Net






 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure

    



 Accrued Liabilities
 and Other Liabilities Disclosure

    









 Related Parties

    



 Trade





    
    
    



 Net


 trade
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
330 and $1
401




 Related Parties

    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    
    




    



 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    


    
    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Goodwill





    
    
    



 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Change in Amount of Contingent Consideration

    
    
    



 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value






 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Range of Outcomes
 Value






 Contingent Consideration

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    



 Contingent Consideration
 Liability

    


    
    
    


    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets

    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    
    
    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed

    



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Property
 Plant





    
    


    

 plant and equipment accrued and recorded in accounts payable



    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    



 Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class









    



 Future Minimum Payments Due




































 Future Minimum Payments

    



 Future Minimum Payments

    


    
    



 Lessee Balance Sheet
 Assets by Major Class

    


    
    




    
    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    
    


    
    















 Shares






 Value

    


    
    


    
    
    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 including all short-term borrowings

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    




    








    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Net

    




    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    


    
    
    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    



 Valuation Allowance

    




    



 Deferred Expense

    




    




    



 Net

    
    




    




    



 Property

    




    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)








 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)








 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)









    




    



 for example
 but not limited to interest
 mortality
 employee turnover

    
    




    




    
    




    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation


 benefit obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    




    
    
    



 Benefit Obligation


 actuarial gain (loss)





    










    




    


    
    




    




    




    




    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    





 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    




    




    
    
    
    




    




    




    




    










    




    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    



 Settlements

    




    






















    
    




    




    








    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    


    

 Employer Discretionary Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Depletion and Amortization

    



 Depletion and Amortization

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    




    








    
    
    


    
    




    



 Common Stock

    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    






    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent
 excluding the amount allocated to treasury stock. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest

    
    


    
    


    
    



 Summarized Financial Information

    


    
    
    



 Summarized Financial Information

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 Assets
 Level 1 to Level 2 Transfers


 Assets
 Level 1 to Level 2 Transfers




 Assets
 Level 2 to Level 1 Transfers


 Assets
 Level 2 to Level 1 Transfers





    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping





















    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    



 Inputs

    



 Liabilities
 Level 1 to Level 2 Transfers


 Liabilities
 Level 1 to Level 2 Transfers




 Liabilities
 Level 2 to Level 1 Transfers


 Liabilities
 Level 2 to Level 1 Transfers



    
    



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Transfers


 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Transfers




 Net Derivative Asset (Liability) Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Transfers


 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Liability
 Transfers




 Option


 Option




 Option


 Option




 Allowance for Credit Losses

    


    
    




    


    
    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    



 Amortization Expense

    


    
    


    
    


























    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    





 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Continuing Operations

    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Change in Enacted Tax Rate

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    




    



 Noncontrolling Interest Income (Loss)

    



 Nondeductible Expense
 Meals and Entertainment

    



 Other Adjustments






 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    


    
    
    




    


    










    

 trade



    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 including goodwill

    
    








    
    



 Finite-Lived

    








    




    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods

    




    
    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    










    










    


    
    




    


    
    
    




    
    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities

    




    














    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    










    



 Collective-Bargaining Arrangement







    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    








    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    




    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Rent Expense

    



 Rent Expense

    



 Rent Expense

    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit) Arising During Period






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)






 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    








    
    
    



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment

    

















 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment






 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    


    
    
    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans






 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans








 Tax





    
    
    


    
    




    
    
















    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    






    


    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    



 Plant






 Liabilities

    
    


    
    




    



 Liabilities

    
    




    


    
    










    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    





















 Value

    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant





    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    









 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment










 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment










 Plant and Equipment


 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment




 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment




 plant and equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





 syrup

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    



 auto liability risks

    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    














    
    
    














    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    




















    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    



 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements

    
    



 if applicable
 the effects during the period attributable to each of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures

    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation

    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    















 General and Administrative Expenses







    


    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    




    


    
    



 Shares

    
    



 Value
 Share-based Compensation





    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Settlements

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
















    


    
    
    


    
    












    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt

    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g839674g15i24.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`8`!@``#_[0]P4&AO=&]S:&]P(#
N
``X0DE-`^T`
M`````!``8`````$``0!@`````0`!.$))300-```````$````'CA24T$&0``
M````!````!XX0DE-`_,```````D```````````$`.$))300*```````!```X
M0DE-)Q````````H``0`````````.$))30/U``````!(`]F9@`!`&QF9@`&
M```````!`]F9@`!`*&9F@`&```````!`#(````!`%H````&```````!`#4`
M```!`T````&```````!.$))30/X``````!P``#_____________________
M________`^@`````_____________________________P/H`````/______
M______________________\#Z`````#_____________________________
M`^@``#A24T$```````$`````$```)````0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`

0`U
M`&D`
@`T`````0`````````````````````````!``````````````!W````
M40`````````````````````````````````````````````X0DE-!!$`````

$0L*Q$5#PP,#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,
M#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.
M%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P

M@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

D


!``(1

M!

M?]8']0P#FY-.([


ME.)_@OYE+*LP


#2%7BK#CH1R1_6&63_5X_P#PW-^K_P`X]3G=7Z9;



M2UN:VIMV?D[GU




A



QGL;&RVMSFVU?K7ZS99C59/VFK]#;_1ZZU:Z&WK%=




M=@9Y+@W)QFUV-_3^F:ZG9N*_[/\`:&65_PCR6+?.%DF@8Y=B^@T`K[.=@`



S;[YR6N/I%V[%=;^DI:YC/TME=%UC-


M_O4?I].N^LGUB;U#(=3CX].'9O\`M#ZA27LN]6YCF6L^S.]E/N;L4




MZ1=7]9.@T.ZHYS
O`L=5U&FNTUQE8^ZB]M[L5U?Z/=^L^FU_I_S2RNGX[6?X

W['8S?4_
MG(QR-W]?]8]R0P\IM7H-?CD_P#&.=NNOT/M&U*_`JX1^_'_G_]Z\YTK[
.
MEW^K8UEU_2F6@
RGVFRKT@Y^78Q[OU:SU;?YZO\`G/\`3V_X*K58[&P_JED=


MEQ=!T_



`00!D
M`&\`8@!E```4`!H`&\`=`!O`',`:`!O`'``(``V`X`
`````$`.$))300&
M```````'``@``0`!`0#_[@`.061O8F4`9$`````!_]L`A``!`0$!`0$!`0$!


$!08'
M`0@`$1(3%!4)(3%!82(CY!9FEA=1
S:!H3)8K)SLW41``(!`P(#`@D'00+
M``````$`P`$!1$&(1(',1-!T2*3TQ05%@A1X9(C9)1587&!,D+B=9FP5(S

!``(1`Q$`/P#OXXI3BE.*4XI3BE.*59-B$KE$


&`FJ$Q8C3A$`(DH0-2]0+MSC&
`*SC.

S
0JJH))(`!)K3


M\DCA8U!)).@`'$DD\``.TFLVMK=7UU;V5E;R37LTBI'&BEW=W(5415!9F9B%
M55!+$@`$FK$DGNNW#8RMEBFFM




2R\W+)(
M=2$B12A/`%BS



MVX/=T

MK.1D@.VBXZM1S6EM'8V8@R;




MC$281I1H8@[R'$=C
?-4D8


NDD2&H0VD4[$+91JM0H$H]8-%CH.S6M


M



0``IKS+O7</6G:5SN;=_67IG'E=Q[OS6*N+PBR,]E=6D=ZV
M)QF1QT*2W$UF!<YAL@UL\]U9CUB1GDF6IT/'N




QT#3-(!Y


7+












M+
1*RQQQ

WF4QXNFNH[M``B7#(T+R<Q(\I5'A/!&*QT_6)(.__`!-Y#XT=K]/]












M])1

M?N/7
PE02/
MS$C4?+55CFLYC+6ZL<;FKJWLIQ];''+)&DFHT^L16N-#IY0/#AV5/6LMGRH


MEU.JD@$@]FH/@X?)4H+V]MH+NWM;R6.WG4+*JNRK(H/
%D4$!U#`
`P(!`(X




MK6EEB.4I&\.0\Q4M`--:O.P]OI4AN?7[5NO*Y;!;#7A53Q=4G0SV0*D
.HNM


J

U;H78;3


M20\A.G!@W
:E\I!J2\WW!K*E=PJ'TT!$@M0;PCUB24Z7-2%.U1.
64[+7.8P


M@58)..!E



M^KJ[[3IJ

CA&P]:R1&E_%3-.FV)/K8K


M)G8YU?'

9;FZ-2RN98S*90K=UU=69%T`




M



HO[::Y

MI1%(Y#/$.6N0)F-$






+DIH^W=4)WKEC9K4^


GC6/#(0$Z?\1?!Q/A^2H/L3?$2@R;




-#CRXE#TRJ683B`/3`


1*O7F*S3BE.*4XI3BE.*5_]D_
`
end








begin 644 g839674g28v40.jpg

M87`O



2XR(CX*(#QR9&8Z4D1&('AM


3DY.2\P
B\R





M
]S5'EP92]297-O=7)C945V96YT(R(*(`@('AM;&YS.G-T4F5F/2)H='1P
M.B\O;G

Z9&




&UP34TZ26YS=&%N8V5)


](G!R


M=&4](C(P
34M
#
M
3)4
#(Z
#0Z
C`M
#0Z


V(A7:6YD;W=S*2(*(`@


M5')U92(^B`@(#QX;7!-33I(:7-T;W)Y/@H@(`@/')D9CI397$^B`@(`@
M/')D9CIL:0H@(`@(!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(@H@(`@(!S=$5V
M=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7`N:6ED.C`P-38R1C0Q-T1#.$4T
3$X-4
X149#
M-S9!



34V
D8T


C`Q-2TP
RTQ
E0P
CHP
3HT
2TP
M-#HP

T
W.4
X130Q
4)%
M







M:B\T04%14VM:2E)G04)!9T5!4T%24%!1\W44%S54=H=F1'.7IA1SEW241-
M=4U!0311:VQ.02LP04%!04%!0D%!4T%!04%!14$F(WA!.T%10DE!04%!05%!
M0B\K-$%$:T9K8C)*;$%'5$%!04%!068O8D%)44%9U%%0D%514)G5499VM'
M0E%92D-W9T=9V=,1$%O2T-W;TLF(WA!.T104U$07=-1$%W441!-%!%03A/



'5)24IO34I#:&=:

7AD6&PY5UHR

2MF
T]%:%EA2&E);4MI-'E.:F\K


S;7963&93;69E=C%E

M8DI!=6ME6$HY9%-117EV1&
R='8V6D(R0D9Z2D@F(WA!.U=V=&ER1S$O3CA1

M
'AD5#!'+VIV-TIJ5#%)-F=Q
S@F(WA!.W)O=U8P8C)9031Q;3)+=7A6
DMU




M5E)8+T]25W


F(WA!.TA8;SEB=&I51S-M

Q;6IK
M;&AA5WIV2$15:VYC37IR5'!T=&DF(WA!.W(Q8D9867$W1E5(8C9



U56
6AM-#AI2S1Q;\U<F9M0C4F(WA!.V$Q
M-WE
9'
R;&%Z87I75'@S=6PV:&

M;TQ24'IJ=79-9FY$4TYF
&IY=G%M;T].175




M;#!P2BM)5W5P5V0F(WA!.S%15D%Q06Q$


P;E5)-7)R4W)7
M5V4F(WA!.U146G%W
TMY24]+2S!
.%=O6D-Q


:SE&540P*T%R458F(WA!.W%D



M:$A2
%8P64UJ04970G%#1'5#0TU68GA6
DMQ1B]:

M6C%09$I&2W-0=4]+=DEF3$-4=B\F(WA!.T%--'0S85A-

M0FII*W-#1VYS23%567%Z2#AL-VE39CA!2W)Y=SAL95%S231X6M73W%,+W=Q
M:D952'!(;GI83'8F(WA!.S@V9&,X;'I7.%,V4'`R;5)8='1/;V(Q5$EX:')Z
M3F%B*W5W02]W06Y&5V585GI83(P='I/
T-#0D=L;&5H3D518VU.0E4W05EQ

M
59W=D5S
#=%-U98=G5-5EI:82]L

M=3A.

:C@V8D\O=&9*

M-4EY2E)58GEE:3(V:G(R1F1L57@P:C@T9C!H*V-7;RM14EEG5W1P15)$9G%3
M6$YX16=K;$5I;EDF(WA!.TQ1:TQ4=5!F6E9)9&4X
3-8;C=Z=$0U4'-Z9C90

VPO




VTK.71P56PU
M-D\Q-V\R;E-C;&AJ=6(V-F=-



38F(WA!.T1Q

%902SET-6QV-3$P
U
W:3)H=7I*94521TY:
%8Q5C9N6B]I

FQX-5@Q3F0P
M;3ED05-Z4T$P-%-/5U939'%R-S1Q.51X5C0W+WIK;#5&.'8S=FM$5E!-4U=5
M8V5U865S5'!F2E=.

M02]


M3U5-13ER3S-L8GDF(WA!.S%D-G1
6C)V


7I3;UIT8G9)9$(Q5FI)2DQ'6FYD04DV56-48T93
M:D$F(WA!.S=!


M*W(K561)



M
&@Q4TY35FAV<$E5;'!C



3DO
M8T5+6#%$:6@T9MF:VQT;TAN
SAV4$]*+V-I
G8F(WA!.VIA86AC1'(Y5TQO
M
T@V165B-SA66D0K9C)P0DY!

M5T%A:BM42&YM1#AY9%8Q4%)K0S(F(WA!.U=J9S9R-51:
G!!.7A*9'!C4U=J
M145-2SAP;#-09V-683AP84HK8UAK

6Y5=DY3
TPV
7!2;%-/
M4S)L17I816)!+T@F(WA!.WA6-'1L5&

M




GE94S)G


W%V:W97





-4LX



#=4
VMA


F=T


3%++UHV05EO5#=8;].1#AW
M-TMB44<P2F9+9FQI*T-R939J9E125#,P:TA+<G!(8E)L:$=Z57`X6C(X8U99
M-34F(WA!.W@O2G9Z=%DV2G!T-&1D=2]/9'0U8W5B4V$S.')0171V1$Y:5W!!
M35)25VQ%<W944]43%5J;'-38U92=FUE-B].5#AW=DM/<6%:;R\F(WA!.VQ9
M95=.3&YT:3!X



M2'1

$XW3GAD;FEI1D-5-4M'-CAQ




R674W-CEU0UAL

W4S%U8D]+



BXP
#`P
#`B
MB`@(!S=$1I;3IH/2(W.3(N
#`P


^



M;65T83X*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H\/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W(C\^
M_]L`0P`!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!_]L`0P$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!_\``$0@`/P$H`P$1``(1`0,1`?_$`!T``0``P$!`0$````````````)
M@8'`4$`P+_Q``R$``!!`
``@$#!`(!`0D````%`@

MMT&N_P`3KU8IZ?V@97;)/8K3C8M)1EBBHX7PTZ?-1UO[:M\]2XWX(#P!X`\`

M1+CJT-(4_(;PIQ:4)SE2L8R![
65&FQH\V%(8EPY;#4F)+BNMR(TF
^VEUB1


Y




C_`%FE
M-@Q#8D;:]*;]T%N&G#2

MYA#+:W$BG^.N::?2OS1.]2[-%NE.J=QA);1ME9`V:(AI]
II
4\+BE(Z6Y
M*$H1(;2U*1A#Z4(2\G&'$I3A6
8$S)O`'@#P!X`\`\6Q5NNV\&3K-M`A;16S
`0A=5\27CA
M^38.Y/5;7(=#MM4=EW+I7C(Y/@Z





<L5


M)AAS$:LLZ5W5-
M+$=6V6SDOJCLAZW4]W2QV2)4C)_;X!P[42$O,87`+JDD7<90_VCU6OE]SIS



M
/GB;N

MZ5HFXO&FA+.I[PI[#G^ZFY-JII6;!?5G/Y8V5#F8SE+^



M`)AK.NXS.4(3A=$?B%&Y3Z$I3(?-*4E.$(0I0I/-0ESC3ZQROO/EX1Z)W_-]

/


M$F^U2M_9$J?NK]A'.#/&VZN2M0;2UMO+JSJ1YHUCHO7)N)LRUOV^WVB'KV
MV


LBK]_-^C)5(:]77/41




MJ?I?K^=S5L4;+


M*;?





(S'@Y3^#$=R
M[(BQV7WWW'!F.?S2_D_R8H0].'JR)2'9




MC
XN1F2UHR[EMK+N&(Z&8S3++8UMMVW;-N8SC/\`QG&?[SC^O[_O&?C./_G&

X^/!A^;[[









MGZ
1



MUBDV)B

D766Y.`/<WL3DWJO8SEDV!N;C0



MP6+W)1^7;)U?ITMTQ:+4(U:_0=?2+';X.-NR'\!B%/69`B386LRT6=J4&:@6
M\X+G09^&1)3+)57XZA/!*KPNM;JLM;\IU[/[YMD-VY[4ZOJ&J4X5K'MR\L


FO

&$?A&[B7

M%K_P1()_U)=9V3T_P#2[I)(G):M&M*V:IK*$&1[C9J#NBB0R:A/WY$=$TLN
MED+8RR/QB0])BNS/QHZY&EMBG_Y(]_T9K;K+W):*Y?]:=)(:UZ$UWLSL_8
M7+^GHFFJ`#-C;)?2-_V32J@-'7ZRU82X6S66`23LK8H5R4)BG'`JZ_#=ESI

:EN)

'A
EFY98NQ)*TWSO;/KJ6`?9]HRG

M:7EQ&'WEJ?6[X)0?OIO=T_\`;)_4A&Y-YU@;K[8]9V\+ELV3TEWU:E%NYN_-


M=1DDJC\
5SSS?;IKT7
D5Y&]J&UMY^WGH#1+I2/8N&K?3K\/Y@M.0``.Q$V+

EOU&O.I2DUBAV?H*TZ[K6H-Q;#K%;K/3/%=`HT2@3+P'
'3U
M7



M1+G92YBP&Q(




LD1JM







MM-NDOKNPT_+9(+G%:Y88]AJ(FT5(,4)J(%HEG`BA



;_@7V;-KR


)V^;
MKW9KBSNIVM3-PGJRW7I%0IUJ;@UHV4TF%I2)Q1UR03!/YFSQ$FK_=$
!0?$
MS=)8-
+TJ[OKO?

M@_:.NG-8TJ#.*R`#(O:-5H=SL3D(JQDH1K:I`N$&FDB
N8#XF:PQ44G=+?G;



V*U@)[-NEAK=+0/B%IR:V





98FC3

F9)81:1XO<-ZV?L


!D

2-DOLNEVQ\=(R'(D/89E.#
*6AH2_Q_O\`


[H&I%





MN1QLN(GG@][FVVEIHM/6YV1[_2?4NJZ]R%7N8=GL\11N67MA4V*K4U5_;7



M.)X_`/


4DS7)1%]*!.4L3NJT278CNGP<G`.K_5_Q'J/IO</8%7TH&G;]

26_/-30D9@@_F3('L2XP5W(S




XSX!\



M)?E19*



````!#.0`

M
#$U.C`S.C$R(#`R.C
R.C(Y```$D```!P````0P
C(QH`$``P````'__P``
MH`(`!`````$```*HH`
`!`````$```(*``````````8!`P`#`````0`&```!
M&@`%`````0```6X!&P`%`````0```78!*``#`````0`````0`$`````0``
M`7X`@`$`````0``&G8`````````2`````$```!(`````?_8_^T`#$%D;V)E
M7T--``/_[@`.061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``,`@(0@,0D
$0L*Q$5#PP,
M#Q48$Q,5$Q,8$0P,#`P,#!$,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$
#`P
#!$1#`P
#`P
$0P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P

M```````!``(#!`4&!P@)@L0``$$`0,!`(%!P8(!0



A

M!3*!D12AL4(CP5+1\#



!``(1`Q$`/P#U0`-``$`:`#B$ZS



MD_L/52KZW=-NDTT9EC!8ZKU&8UKF[Z[!CV-.UNZO98[_``K6)*=Q)8P^M&.8


M4US_`$=C-S_YQ_II4?62FV^NI^-?C^HX

ME.PDL%_ULJK9O/3L]XAWMKIWO#@T/96^IC]['VN=]G9^9]K];&M]/T4:WZRX
M]5]M+L3

;=`+!^C?Z;O\-Z:2G826/7]9\-XL/V7-:VIC['N



^NE
M]:!9;:QH<UV<6N,!SS36WZ)LW/\`6#+&,VM_T:2F`Z5]:TAW7&@F-6XE?\`

QF6'TO28T/LLV/J])_Z3_?:+O9


M*SJ-_5KAB4M=98=E=0:&`^IZC;:79#-O[CG;TE


6O3:=SMWN]WJ*E7U#J)


69@BVG;YGU:]C?[3D-KG-ZM

/[O^$LN_K45
?=7_P`+Z:2E^IU8
MK\4VY.-]K&



MNNAOIN94QU=37^I2_P#[F8]W_')3IXE3[WG.O'NL:645EL;*B=WN#O=ZM^VM
M]W_6JO3_`$7Z2KU/%L_:&-EUXIM:QKFVVT.#+ANV-;])U?K5-9OW5?\`7*OT
MM===Q

MKL;=76'C8RQ@V
LJ:]KO3=_4_?L_TB2G%Z7;7@NIP;J[JJ&G(LIR7@;VD/:#
MC6XIH]/'JLKLKRO5W^E_A%KV

M]&392R6X5QJ%!?8YPK+A=BY#*MS7^E[

M6ZYE+-[PX@=F










M&DN.-C![+-KW




M.-CMI+X_3.;L?]#\VM)3N-Q
5HAM-8'DT#R\/Y*DW'H;8;6UL%AU+PT;C_:6
M#]H^O0!'V3!



M_I;_`-!Z?T[=_J6.EW_6NS):.JXN)1C%I+C18Y[]T-VM]^UOT]Z2G__3]`ZB

A^5=M;D4LLJ






+[-T&I^VHC(!ML])NSU-]GJ6U/OR
M6?I/T7Z'_`KL.J8V3@.:;:JV-RGEX%8LM:'S+O4IJJWWY-S_`$-GJ9/Z2WU%




=]G87-;98RE]C_Y

)*6&$1FG

KYP



M&D[O

W=]'2ST\-NYOTO\_\`



RYGZ)Z'D]-IO.X.?2X
MV
LM=7`-@9[?1M]1MGZ*RO\`1O\`\)_H[*TE(NGY6.Q]G3G6`7X]CF-K)UV$

M;_\`M7O_`








M/Z/Z%MNEZN6=&XX'F]X`_P@VU86/?146/?E@U,L-[QV


MR^G



L:UZ2FU4^]Q(MK%8
M$00[=
\]F_1153KS






M))*4DDDDI22222G_V?_A#7UH='1P.B\O;G




Z;65T82\B

M/2)H='1P.B\O;G




M;$1O8W5M96YT240](C=!03`P
#$Y-34R-38X-#4X-S9%0C`T1C4Y0C1&
38W


#$U+3`S+3$R5#`R.C(Q.C0V+3`T.C`P
M(B!X;7`Z36]D:69Y1&%T93TB
C`Q-2TP
RTQ
E0P
CHS
CHR.2TP-#HP



#$U
M+3`S+3$R5#`R.C
R.C(Y+3`T.C`P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!
M9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W`@0U

#
U-C)&-#$W1$
X130Q
3@U0SA%1D
W-D$S1#5$
M.$(B('-T179T.G=H96X](C(P
34M
#
M
3)4
#(Z
S(Z
CDM
#0Z
#`B('-T


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`\/WAP86-K970@96YD/2)W

M!P`(``$``0$`.$))300(```````0`````0```D````)``````#A24T$@``
M`````0``.$))300
`````!J2`````0```*````![```!X```YJ```!IV`!@`
M`?_8_^T`#$%D;V)E7T--``/_[@`.061O8F4`9(`````!_]L`A``
`@(0@
M0D,$0L*Q$5#PP
#Q48$Q
5$Q
8$0P
#`P
#!$
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
`0T+PT.#1`.#A`4#@X.%!0.#@X.%!$,#`P,#!$1#`P,
M#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`S_P``1`![`*`#`2(`

!`(%!P8(!0,,
M,P$``A$#!$2
05!46$3(G&!
@84D:&Q0B
D%5+!8C




MK
O&KR

MH]
ZODVW/Q.I'%;8S;6T5AWINVEOJ-]P8_:_W^]GY_Z3^:Q_3&SI77&UO;^U

ZQEOT/T7\W_
^DQEJ^G
OZCM9E.IQJZ07U
:W

M-^M+@X/ZS6T2X-+

9K6;6-


M7




TL.ZW<^=MC;_HNW
_F_\`MQ%SVY6/2QM%]KK;';6S
^NE]:!9;:QH<UV<6N
!SS36WZ)LW/\`6#+&
VM_T:2F`Z5]





%VKCL;[6!SOI%9C
K'ZL[)-5@LQZG.QF
VOLK=8WW7/OJ9LKNKVN9Z3-






HLW593
MLJQ]#O5]OJ^C]CQ+;?3^V9FM8W

%]6*+C57CLIQ32TAF
YM6*UV/97

M6/?9:QN

1S&9M?J3O!




&@
R:SB-#K)++6[
IE=C::?9



B^S
M9%8C\SWW4_:+7?S55CG^G_.W5_S?K^??4+ZQXO6NF78'6




AGJ^GZMOVBVKU[/51V=:Z1C45U8E=GHM&VFNBA[60-(J_1UT[6_R%
MSM^9U?(R77Y;:2\
+/8Y\5U[A9LQZ?0OV9#J_L]UK[/\+Z7I758WZ55SFXE]
MAIQ[@^YQ):PMV^QNSVOEC67^FZUGJW?I*OT=?I?3_1I3U#/KV\6''I;6VH-
M+K,NUE+'DM9M=7]J?\`F_GU_P#30;^J=9;8]GZLS;H!7-NKAZE9WOLQ_;Z?
C
M^@].3=CV



UV$VVN:*]GZ9V_V?X)*S!.=

M36^G&8^S[74UN-ZG\X^^ST_YM97JUM%/JUT5/W[:76&[=KZGKXC7V5-;6WU:

T-JL):T
MM?\`9*PUE=][OT#?;]-]GI^_^978=-P686.&:.N?#K[8@O?`9N=_)8QK:JO]






M]/\`:J_3OZ2K9U+I[#E4AK;@'.IW;H(.]OO;L]S7-57(Z9@-R
.FFBMLV^H\

6=1MQ*\:TB::0P![-P'Z3(?MK_3[1_-


A[V
VP



M.=B67`
`:YK:V/?(MQW
])V7CLJOKQ[?Z2V_T+/6L_5JK:E8IKZHVAHM#GWL


M@?4]-)3V2222E))))*4DDDDI22222G_V3A24T$#0``````!````!XX0DE-

`0P`@







969T;&]N9P``````````

`:`!O`'`````3
M`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`;P!S`&@`;P!P```0P!3`#8````!`#A
M24T$)0``````$


````

`90!T

M;W5B0&_@````````````1W)N(&1O=6)`;^````````````!;`@9&]U8D!O

M=&%B;V]L`0````!09U!S96YU;0````!09U!S`````%!G4$
`````3&5F=%5N
M=$8C4FQT````````````````5&]P(%5N=$8C4FQT````````````````4V-L

M#F-R;W!296-T0F]T=&]M;&]N9P`````````

969T;&]N9P``


M69EQ@=&2







MY)_D:2&=DV`[2+ZQ




K6F+1MK
M.RLS80E;FIK;TA(B$Y!99118=!'0=:UG__T??QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8Q
MC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&

EL6%:=L\_4Y*9K:W9)7!4WA-IR1!:5N0M!)QG.
0#J2X8%*NLH1%

O?C_P#%

:2)WAK`:R)



8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
M8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
9BLZA


O71NP)!*)-''98R%QU80UL3B\FMC6Q*VHOV
M&MA!8&\8Q
V3LP6Q;K1=_TY_BA=NC4_1R?GU9$'%'!DT01UA6$YE=2U4F=T

MHY^B4D@TG07I84NM682J


M(0)$3FO*0$A5KC]/T=/'B#QH\B^/5GL!JYKKT]B4V=8\CM&6R1NQ\D?E$C

MY-

U1\8O;[_`&Z&#W;0ZBZX
MH_CF)U_-[ZDB^+QFR[EKRAXNY(6)U?\`1EAV@M6((FB7D-=4H0MJD];\RL


MFXLS

M\#6'N


@FDG%C+,$81!UL7&
8QC
M7B
XA=@-1K]`Y?&)LQD.KNQ'O
1?VJ2-1+W'W%0T/S.:X
ZM8D+=&1U2&IE:

MOO


M+TS7^9)
M5+TZ9J:1.:TA/HTT6@B//++UZC



M7L4T7KZ%CWK6Z#R9^.YXAMB6%'^X.5Y5ZD;VYULZ10Z\ZZF*!MCN\IHZU
M.$HW%Y`[&LZ)Q?EA*,DTX(0&*30%AWL0M:WNH[J'G-.HHI*==M9@-Z=H%SQ








6@[WG;G3G-M`?3ZO?
MH*DJ5$L;QNR
%L6I!J[





8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QG
M_];V2^1A)SXY\
=3


/-EE::*CR5!



]N&HS9MA-S3=4UE_0FXFP
M35JB$TBC
:2T%*@;/2*G8`$NBO:
TS6C+:;=!'[S^S/A7NOH'K!'4_CHY8+I





)FC




-&(E*+16\`




/LWB3=


B!%Y(]M)RUAJ27R(!RI4F1:]'72



G7J
61$_4YRASF_C*I&2Q:8/)?)=A=5\QN/5LIA8`J3'3DV5
M*%SIMV*)-^E5JV=1*SXZKT6`Q/\`(/1031:+V



M10]9\?*B/PH\8_1;)X^E/(N[.5T!S*?(4W+QL+03AZY=0=5T(V*VZS7B((S
M%*,3JY/






M.CPU#6-QX=&.#:YGG!TL-3Z*.
P-P\B/4KQ-GKK!T\C4VA7=;9Y86WD=@\5R
M1_83(





TA`_GD&F*4KH4Y*$HBS!..R^-12GQ1(_-'U&Z=./

1LF/BC+J
MO5+53BQ[2@U]

8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QG__7



]]<R\^4)&X^&)QVD*A8(J&+#@X8RRUK#&J/AA1C@-W
A^F9
MRD-VHL-U,$JVW_'])M1O9FR_?OW9]YK0]'62FCZ.Q::JF?I(D1I+%$LVKN(
M2I-&$VBRBM)X\0^LZ\ME(T4G+!H;18=!+#KT]`Z].58E*4U;T-3US;-2UG:






MY`;6R9O9TY

MV1OK1I9:(IIG:Z7<E[Q3K:UUA&]!4[NZB-$Z.M:(TC&2G@CDY/'L\]KE-
M.V



HV2SM.]_9?K]2MX/(+

M^=:$




Y
M104!#*F:2PI@)P@T5HG7L]/3\


MTK6



:QCVC!HKZ0P@1'Q:T'V^W7I


MSNIT6@6_.C(+.$666`O?MSK&K@3AI@B


FNHN&9QJ

M&%/B231$

M[SAM_.U!M=-).=4=+5:&@T+
6P9-]@T`+%]/

*:A_/-)0VI+!;G)HG59P







M%*2N03JHDL?KJ


MKB
.U7H7K6A^FO3-IU?1E+TB3(D]-5-7-4II:XH'B3I:ZAD?AB1^=6MF0QYN





M
PB.

K:0!*W
[&R-*=(V-+6@2EA+(3IRB



'EYB
M1D.D*9O.5)20?&I4H4YFRA;._D]35Y6\CWEL\CY\ZZ6XDHOBQ@XCA%Y/=45^



M;$UJR9N%_M#?5%Q2RA[KN






M2R/%#R!V3SDP\OW-:DMY^1W'T8KZ&73FFF94WH(
?('Q37C)6#/*$A3V-Y0'

=[_0&39M_P`Y/C8I6H.?
MKQE%XN;U`NJ(_

V
C!'%2]HL!-('DAKVU.84


XD[

LJO!8X!94U:QZ\

WUQ



=^-I5&

CDJ:GNL;



4?%J




0*]^E.<?(-<-XIH:_O/+'8?7U





]Y55PG7]

MN:E4;#)OS-'W-$F)/&4G^$M
88?[U'Q@_JCO-H7T[
?%2LK&/0&!0CN
/7C9



MM?B684A7-CURR1I_:&



9L\TE.:



8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
__1]M_7'-4'




MH\R1I63'9\F`:D*^W*5*E*6



M;)6SC&J[^DLIH5
Q[6N3%S1X2'2:TL1F(4(C1[T(00R%??&OYAKU6^1#K6

M'..(E?M
T6(&Q;CFT_I_^U;NI;R8



1YR1O6.
MRLPUGTX:/-3'FH04W8\P\?S&@_%E6/$I[DRKK&AG'W[DW!QXJUD8%8+C7*



SN^#$X%$D)RG=
64088





MW
=8T/QM':Y=^9VF?]`T_P!/W0KG
BYLJ2JVIAF7+UST
[QDBOKK)0N24R/Q





J


$ULNE@`GG#

`ZT:^\^C)(B0BMJN)[#F
M-UAO'4EKXNM86XS`R0ID;[HIS*2%H1C4Z*/5DA^7/.6?SVI1;+X`60.5/&


R

79M;DM&5&?&P#;W/[?%#A1N5-C6T`)3-Y9)
MI'JGV$!V@;+%O.Y'X2KZA/G#CGD(Y^FE9

MU9.\U:XND:W!#)VBRILE97I^/`XMQ_L



M]S[0M2

MU'SIX2.EN=YKXEWQ5/:RM8WE!/Y)9]UI(W-T=XX8VKW'#6P*.5['4T=4!6


MI

M#G=\:T0UCSLY2F^W^S8=V;L`*XK^\#/D1FE9WHT5:]\TH9W+O-TZ^1Z!!F




LQ?-)1T?+9I1


TA_7S^*3^E$M_V?NGO\R^/Z
M^?Q2?THEO^S]T]_F7Q_7S^*3^E$M_P!G[I[_`#+X_KY_%)_2B6_[/W3W^9?/


$$`-:WL6]

MP;^

+[4J0T!^S=$B*%)S-&;(]-G:#[(

M$_IDZ^+ISCV1Y1BT:E5A#M.H+WH0!BUO
:_KM_%)_3?IO_A$C_YOX_KMO%+O







M3^F_3?\`PB1_\W\?UV_BD_IOTW_PB1_\W\?UV_BD_IOTW_PB1_\`-_.8W^:?



M%O6LXS9Y+N`GS1@F'KJBY``IW''C3(].FM^*)D91!BD^-'&M!BTLJ2)TQ(S#

M_I1+?]G[I[_



MA%H)A9JU.G*
T87H(M[

]<W^OG\4G]*);_L_=/?YE\_D7GK\3
MH%($1O5OP+SB5!Z5N4T9TDF<EY*0`35HVUN/ITM<YZ0DT:H^G+
^`GU

]H
M-;%GP)\^OB25'*DJ/KE$N7-XPE.C:WTQT2O=68TSW;)*?&I'41[BQG*0`V(D


-[EI-
0




A!Y

O=
.R[;9I[9:F


G2*OG
`8$1H]BD5*)H\U
M



S1WR#'=/C&,_G80B]
M/<$(O3^#UUK?IZ_P^GK_`+OIGY\9?_FP?^*'_P`&/C+_`/-@_P#%#_X,?&7_
M`.;!_P*'_P8^
O_`
V#_P`4/_@S]T`&MZWH`-;U_!O0=:WK_N;]
_K.E:XW
M'6
!I;(P



M`'

M_970E3TBWNSB!4E2.3UW60;UL2/*$XS#C4I8R?8M()]XCD^QA#G6?N\\W]
MF

M)%H]!




H$DF-$

O0*B&J%=WU5!))!I2%879L?
M:7M'&1I#2WI-N`6:TKG_R*5G;3[*XM:3WEVY+($H3UM!+A+8%


MBLH\C_7J[DA43MOX'Y'=8A)NR20.1`?YU=]O#(U6%5/+0B6I6)67458LZ]JE
MD])6^P+\H7-;3M.)+I8
=R.T*+:7:':-+M%M-M'M'M.3M+M)LKX-I=I]@^+:


8QC&
8QC&
M
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&



M$2*X*4=Y^\6_*?WP5O

M

4[E1F@NGZ:7]`T?

M]
-LU)7M4?(Z

VH*<QO$OH-:A21&L$:6=['0TKVC#K6PV
MUXQC/(C^H)Z$\]4!ZAYKK'QM5W.T52L<=$CL&FX@USEZFMM*'98G=H;;SD[

QXYTWZFN

MBL994L8D=8R))7

[4

535


MC$H
I8&.?PIHEFE*AEF#VWOZ!M*^XB`7M25HSVA]-^HM;R/4B\YGC?1RI/!*

^B=%`@';^/8?



43QH8;=G`9R8

3MQK)^CG




ME8C)$4RF


M7(HH*8P6
C[


8QNYC1'$ZBOV

8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC
M&

(OQT((@[T(




8QC&


M?2USH&E5
(?SC5E9V
S$)DFVG;BPUVRQ=^8S2$BYT;5!).DHTIXB#S4QX@C$







MM5\\]V

VBJQ^92F]9]9ZA]HPD[7LEJ-\=
M':G'0(+TK+8MSEV=8DHJ:[H#U+:
HLNMFR:PZI71TJEPHZ9V*_J'BKK@M.6I






;@6$S

@@Z_#?X;R-OBJL:76[XU.$+.GSB2[S.<\H
MT=))(YIT-K)6NKE7[&<I/+;VXHAD(6_[@H``:_B#K7X9/O&
8QC&
8QC&
M
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
9__0]_&0)Y4_TF/(;_CRK#_('`
GMC&
_-ZUO6];_@WK
MTW_W-Y5KXB')`@YFL:G6FME]4M'-G7W7=&

M#HWCES/-27%
]ZH0\/_BBO[P@



BB5KFD-
061/IXRQU;
M;//L8DRL:9H?)_4;BZJBW9!I3&782,P)BU#K01C[*V.\[BI_PZ_F#Q]]3O

1K
:H$F4


YSA%K\ZNW
_7LUBBL2*X6R`1RV2UJW?:%2;8'*-'6
MY(3%\ABADD?C#!0U@=UMH(

6O&SX=:$$A]C
M1)4K0+U$9G

OW$5
_P`FSYG.




MR'T]P'U+!X9&V.OG&PWKAZ^$\?3L$42L55]1O36\5Y
SDJ9.G$L;(3TK'67Y
);)52<@8])DI8OB*(XX11`!F!KDY:\Z%8]-W11\1
YFOFE*'ZV6R6

M]$7.%L6NB9S6
Z3RAN:*:;GQTLR+P4;`G
&U2U608Q.:LL27Y2#_8`=Z.

M*]3U8@%($GO!\YY7O!ZTK1W]55S1(;P.HM)PCY&E\RD+$ROE00Z-TC&)+;EH

1HGV(2H


M;O.B!RYSJA=+I1%HA


MG
$`'LUH0I-8QC&
8QC&

1S:E3')!J#W!3]0G



9B:0?2HQ


M#$H^U.?V526D

8RJCS
OD9K_B0Z\Y0VOC\FYPZ.Y!O
M9KC#&\(6


S6QCWK6

-6N%=M5B7_`%'#G&VVI:^U@D?9Y'41L^8V]O`ZJGJ*:&O]KVT!




MET-*I983*V
0S!*R(ZG4*'92F
^%

6FA5+UK#*RC6

8QE=G5?





U7#:NK^O.;8#$8I2EFBN.J
M$#/I\(50.R!@DH!R6/O0G@Q\2C
!



MO

MU6ZPZUM-)47M.HNBJ4O*K#HC

TCTS
M_HW]`_XD;6_P#?LAUX8/[);QP_ZFG/\`_DY8LLSQC&
8R%OD%[@J/QW\H6QU

3BQB![OI4FCE(]?$2


DC$=Y(B-R
]?S.=



M'2=8I;C2/:%*C



K1'(ZT-;!'V!L0
K$Q
B!*U

8QC&
8S_TO?QE*_+/.B]?YF/)AV6J?W5

<XVPR2MWQ$M;WQ
MXJ$IJ$Q$



M?7-2
UI-$JH*\UU[[@#IJ7%PUYJ+H)R_(\-9X7:[OI42^M+80#Y/LFQ-(6
MO?F]?)I%5TP\?W7;8SQ:(S.0MU%SF8Q2/SQ(@71!3
J^:QSR'+'Y.YC+0[0L
M\GC:1;L8Q@^



M6]


PFRK#B515U/;7GSIID@M90R3V!
WG:=0K
M^TQ6'
BV0R%R^D2%'*U6T32W'&:+*`

R&!(-*5&!6[`2,)@@[RH;H/R4]ZS:O:SOOESG<\<<

MXB2=E@1#(UZ[AC`6`1@Q!`6`.QC&


@ED&Z0DW25T0RLGN+3AL0PKFVOY.



7'-OQ#W

/LV%H/(S.*_W1T`A=

\

M0=6HK-JF?W%;4Y=D*PR@TA):2]U#L\LZYK6Q]+8
HT0R%$(3BE@DC*6A1$EI

X$TE=
M/E6ODML)*EEDW7+C'!U6%D%I3BU116B]2U_3NSR1V;VH^]-/
)8^N.R/(?/[

96ITY*AL9!`%HI(L3;
MW`KR#R]L\W_G+A'&/


MJ)JES:9`(J3.)(.IJN?4L

V(ZT(NK4PC
MGR;)%#C[6:X^3#V4!<=C\)1F.CPE<Q
QJ)

8QC&
8QC&
M


'%J;@F&)
MTR9]U(4`AGZ]IBDT@7O#K0`[%;QC&

M:UK64Z^

M#]/?(_O*/D5D




_#J315B.C$





MU\T=D$O4@4O?D9GKHP*PLGY89D/.//3
X
!B9O$5(QNCY^6G`
C`^.N]*$P=


K-BEJ/4;5(=*T6@N6_0XTW1FQECV#7^
M?=




MSDU9)NAY%86D5$L$JJ*25;'WB#-S^%N=D$B;+$.8'24V*[-H3SVHAD7EEGZ)





A(0O4;#7!S?5C]V3S;U[YR+_MBPG'R47#U%`J=

MKR8\(RVQ_

MU6DCD:CLVW5B*+LJ0R#U:
@D^1J+(M(+48F:M`./4


MA%O8=ZWZ;RVTH(P%%@
'LTP(`A&;O6@[

M
-F:K+-ZLL1SKH#-;

M7B\'K5RL#G;F2;3^MHC#BBFYC0-LN/A#:7+'




C2
Q

]J*G49K

=JK?')-1P;I.N;#Y[A;U;8:

=6Q`]J!I7)PV
OU3A!ES]5VO6MXUY$

0FL0=4KTP/K.X$`/3*T2Y(

+'[323-+,$8


=
MEK9&B9E+8C5AIZD$]FD%BBI

M;UB9WR!2C0B53DKC3]1X)Z^\\$)#+Y%`^3[QO&LQUM%63GUMOVE*(A-Z3Z
MRDQL/E[]8?0S+6=QP=DIJ+S!
60G)!H9RE0:`DH`S!@!NA


<5*\MY$2Y(G5N6-ZD_Z5.N3+4QZ,]5]7
MM!],4I*-$28H^N#LCV:%L7S:V#T]WX9YY_U(.O+&5RS4R_Q8*[0T[I+5T\F
U;<I^1/BF^N%KGMFP5M8UG9R\+5:?&]H2S2<Q1'&R%=&
M,1K61I\F821?1MBIJ:E]Q859I(Q[`#=EWQ:(OOE\X%?WY^D1;Q'^6NS)-7;
/K?*53

MA8ZIX^:

HE--UA-N%*SZ
GTI=W$

M-:U^&M:U^&M:U_%^&?N

M6]9B'C9&

&

0AC%O]S


8QE!_ER_3


G=5



M0&PFHTI:&9=IWS8=M(`..D(D:DUHJY








M`:(#:S)1_3)]C
.

8QC&

M`#Q_T
:9RZ/&


I&YRY]Y]OOHOR




M%`-=)U;^9I(FL=6T%;D``M!Q-2&Q

Y:5`@J5A0CT:XM03

9YM4'-/-4Q\CW8O)







M45@ND\07%`7]PLR$)VE6D



M`)&89DU\8QC&

M.EM.87EW=A]JML-\HL\B?9T9K^O_&W??Y#B]XNM95W(ZNN./6L;44YFM7V




&@(T(]K`
MC




MOF0U)5[!UL^L$*BU-\3KON(J9?\`F=-(GA(*/R66MP$R]4[
9!;H8/38M)-V










TRE$GLM3J
M%9!*I*<4I3*2BSTZ@@P!Q@@X&C3R#BQ+-)-+%H01!WO0@[UO7X9]L8QC/

02VE^H3+W&C[1)YKB)\FBL
M6CW0G0%DEWMG;NYIT#&<]:-4*2$:<\C)AT;SY6G7M%JIGS];4JXMJR/
JFO




MH)(GMLF%QO0M198RK54?:)20K

M2
\/A595\D21XJ2SN;+5ZQ$WK7LML5LL
:5`B%BU:Y'IS?Q+'HLI0I-+)
Q[
MQ$^4&'^6CE51TS$ZIDU


\MGFO=6A7W1Q=#Y&\]IU'75HM$AY@NO



M!&;#K0=F;WO6M:_#)A8RLONKRK\Y\)3NHJ0DL?M:\NG;^/$137










MA


<Q(#FYC;&DYR?G0W9RL2=-K8]CW



E\%GD,N1^`<`IDL-M&O%JV&'/IZUM-2I
M4GSCTL5EC2EF;6`^FW=_C&
8QC&

\SQE*G=MOWUTAU5#?%7SF2F@T8FE=L-N]Q=!.$C<8O
M(H?RR]RM=&))45%IR4=P=+?N9J;EC60-:H[\GI%&U1H2%`TINK?8!`H;5D
M&AU9UW'&N(0&OHNPPJ%11D3Z2L\;BD7:TK+'V)K3ZV+X4#4U(BB@^N]Z`#7
SW:KFY$[V:V
M5Y-7&NFAQ]FV]TG:*-N:F(MR[Y5

T
H&8Q#I)CFTX9X*TU


M$A$

M$L!ZDIFCZ%O;]*U.B0_*;\?R&[#K8Q;W^.;!QC&0ML&==$L=M*X'S9S9%7IA

M[9'5TS0VA4[73C
R7?;C%1D8;TWVI8X\ZMDH.)J&4/\`&]O3X.)/;['_`%&)
ML
&F-2IPDZ
2I3-B(!
/&




D:)QT#


M0=N[;&
8QF&6'74!MR$R6M;2AD8L2O9FU*&.60F:
;=)(M(VA3[=G-[RQNR=


&G

\Q64_=T3JUR*1NFD1Q:T*DQ.%1\P1?.4`S5`O2


7MN33J

MT;H8X$I]+$6D[D:24




&FNVQ*\39T;&TD!I@&Z.MRTDP\
M\[XBO4P(0B$/?MSS)^%F`2#^O&_4%V?_`
6AC*:YH5!#BAKO:]A?')\ELD1&


SV)


O6Z/+K3

4.77JHWHMKJ%GKGO#H5N42*6RK3C@\HU/3*2K

MTLZAL:=(J`OEO
:VM6D:S$S5N.6@2V-RA$C-3&::C@)A%I$Y@?@
V4()0-[
M+6K./-['(['/#_Y)QQ]D8X^)_P?+




M?ID??/NZ0JT_*'X
:5J]D-F73\/ZM368].$60IIPMKJD&R8UPJE(9C#D8SU*
M1$Y+&33D2N5A)*0)V94=Z[UZ[UZ[
8QC&



A5E`:VK:Q.)4:469[]

M2GDN[42K;%B526H3GFDC/?0=,=E1+GB65=4S+7MD7S?UT.DFOZ0IUL:G65
ME1EM4I4




M%7HK=QM8TX`%!4*]G'%FF!+7G@[:\B?DU\'#JSU$I1U]Y-:5?39A.ZUELY

&(D82_69`I
M8EGD'A\V1;!));&&*2$?97UME+.$#TV)7'XVN3,PS6B0HMJ/:4M2B$G5`U
MHPO?M%K
I..*3E&GGFED$$%C....&$LHDHL.QF&FF#V$!998`[V(6]ZUK6O7


M?@[BMFR&+W-W)T_T3TA>$M

TJIM!N@(37\N9
M8_2PT;EO9Z472<:6,PH(^NBII+'MFK-&L+$4:)
+7L&&%Q7
/!O#?3;#;S[


M]?\`

[&E-86?!G*O9Q%9'SM/G1


M!QAV)

MH3=C:/6\*Y1YQX4XWLP^YZIY1[_`)!;1=?M]2QZQ;F@'35VRN5.U;+V@K2





M[%#X&[7787.UQWA+4
.4*$:TUC+

)10`;]I.A:S
30<F$^RK4S<=!:90<YL[=K

:D?(U8
_-;8H^@=B@2EKDZ5R^'YR`^P1NM]Y:G/

ZR%ADC]%HO3M]0$
D



MK*N)K([LI=XDE[RDBS1*-'3-#
[/N2;2D%'P94W;5RY9]U*+3*3BCC2%1GQ[
M!Z$@[]=:W^&_7\?P_@_[V?N
8QC&

MD+=%CVB/5(^



(&EWSIRPI]SOM7GD+IC37%K$K
MB-/**--[FWPAR3(V63UOIUCJV**%]8RUET@DE</)4?<#4I*QF5(E)!0O0`P

.][S*\8QC&
8S\]=

97OVMY$:KY);U$#C#6MZ([!


'[S3=%D&

KLTQ;FNL&OZYT3L]*4A

/;&7
M]&\21S)*DCD2X&(TR-)LI2+.X8?$)8#@Y

MUDH3TFE`(_$+HZOKR11^Y;EJZL2%(B8VTGJ$*C9($@716XB0%#


8QC&


M`XOGR



0



9C
MTN_]U)/_`
GGK_V:IRL_P@?V1_C\_P!6R?^@49:CC&/3&,8QC&,8QC&,8QC
M&,8QC&,8QC/_TO?QGEVJ6\;)YH[NZ7L


M+Z%D55W'7&]+FM1#9=`9'%#BI48







J0;+M;H8C?9;36][V+1?5#1R\\UV2EK=MJ2.J)43`:);ZY








MIBBR$Z9.2`)91!!)00%DDE`#H(0AUH(=:UK6L^^
8QC&


M
4FM03^/%O++'K)9GT\IWTWK$S5*24R0X?U`D)@-S[L[G:RY_;L=L5BZPNVL

M2'?



M25:]6?T#=8*W;FIQE;FY

M

HEUEQIW





-'^SFBK*
M\T'=K=':UF



V4U5


MS3=(8N2
1;ZG0

6$E$6EG\$E!^GEN5J@*2-.!01JC@;&`5*5K


K3E20X)DL
M)9+
[=K]@?9BP-=9VRTKI77]WPR?1JTH



:Q.J


MH*



3%U:GGA#1%V&[.UK
M\Z`JJI([)E

M.QC&,8QC&,8QE<W=+5;AE@<DRMZ9C%LQ..6?
7.YG*?+JZCE?U?7R:MY!M7
M93Y
GQD?K19)1'TYBHN

MSVU




D!M/J4
8\M3`UPPU#R?XFO)U840T\NRR)'Q[E-J

?(WE;(7B3-JZS)K$G1`W/CHZGKC3SV@L\T]2(1A81[





M;/Z-7V:TMS)
+[5[D+XQU_57)-?

EQ

*AE8WJQ4
M-6

[9:*4JB1TNIA$.C
MK#4C'*WF/S.:O4:
C6+


ERT364Q;.Q^KFMB7\R)*1CK@47/+IOM

T7HC16XK.W0?47/-'+XC7$

M=(LL


M3SBLN:C;7I'JSEEF6
06V5698/2'(E53(B:3I:-U9D;UT#(XS.I1``;;'#YE


M6F





MDY24



^12L^KI9*#S
M$0382H@
)CBI$6?HW:LQ4_*;$7L@MH?CUK823#ODV

MJU`55_%P2]O-;SS'-;.;?AU?*T+IH\8$R1W
M:U^&LZY*_5<=S=H=?5_STY+^+^,X3<TB'$XG9$]KS;79X=)ES4
B'L


6O+EKH?I#K


70*P/\@1Z;#2]F-P


MG7]YU-*97!'6R7QZ?0O

M2?8HA+ZLE



TF






)5J4RG[NM:`[AQ8AW#_C[LF9985)E)K^YX24
MUT]T`R\UJY9$Z8CM4O%6/?'S]UG`JZGR02BZJWYR82F\J7I&H]2_L:=T3/K







']D

8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC/_6]_&4D\36S7]%

M*
:A'(&28I9Q9T)EB4Z/.S

U@8*=X?HZEW
ZJX]
M.J



M`

MXQQ=``M*Q
JQV^7:1

MB;Y.H7#G6047!K.KF&R*Q)53DVM])K\J


0!`2K,#IV?_`)VL:Q6WI^E?'G<=9=&N
MTC(26O3M]<]M4X62B6V;#&)DZ)1<OQQUE.E(/`[R0!/B%F]`3\T2`Z/(&]`

M:T'






VSELVB2

$;1&D-S/9-/N'*_);C+9]3TIKY8R*0PQD

X[ML:+B:$5ZOLCHN






_PC?T#_`(D;6_P#?LAUX8/[);QP_PIIS__`).6++
\
M8QC&


M1*#T+BC+



.MQIM8U+75




M=X=YQSKYFO(9-*?\G5ANM:2V6)553UX8T



/7O;39T=$N%KR['



](5U:W8;.Q_I[:9Z2LNKJZP)B;7'T+=84X<

A'#M-:O8'5-\NEPTP@_`5_%7

#Y
M(EEY
835P(TF4IE2$3

=
M.&(G5

K:'WWY=


NH/7$GCPHC5Q3`<A

MPGUYK-FI9UMAY9H*
+I%8V[NBY@



B

M9%2'[9X6\U:02K

\H24Y-&V_




M875]%VCT7UJZU=%NRV&@[&
0U8T5


WVJB(?'7$Y?)
M+

KEA3U
#B%L;9I)O\`)Z@XA4G(-UGDGNKRKV#V3)YW)?'Q`9[?
@:.D%573=TYK*8BKWZ_NJH[OZ<FTM
M2&H7F-2%KE=P0ZM[4:)Q'*]7HG,E0O95`CTS<7[`B'.3IFM^F^K/'YS_`$5U
MG6G.GSM?



MZ`MKA'6

TOC/\`49_2

MI4KHM+
6+XSU!PM!WKUOY0[YHO`_37F*W3TGDMMRVC;3IE(_
#+

MU/T

P-\



\JNKN=P5V8X$?'&M
M8O4N3BJ(9U@P`4;S*%BV^@Y
*=D
@XLY]CKI?IERA[]:TI'V$ME(IVLE=@
M6T+E\MEMDJ51,^I+&6:0UB[KU2^+#FARY8D6*65)HJ5LYJ]#?/E;M:LI#)*1
MD=*6)05=BMNG6VVX]`[)LZK=0*1EP85@5FQUJCLVYF.-3A2YK(FYE3-.TQD


MQRQ-PLR?-3;



Q&KP


VJ&RBK5B+:4C2SZG(J^:^=C0JQEJ4C:








/L=O*BL]C9E)EJG*`V6E0E)I\Y

NA.9
M*!VU2=(^M7-D!.:^
[@9MKV=S4I7

MB2(H4SBY@3A6)$YWH%QC&:1Z9_T;^@?\2-K?X!OV0Z\

ML669XQC&



[4+:&
MDO9D*DL+C71#'&6&R*
N[4PTZ
4G4@&G#].4D
M/]#TVBC1&B
U

MBW.4ZTX6M6132/=-O#U:]$5C&9(P-T_F

M

MW2W))63*RY

M[1'ZJAW959P@BJ8`D4I*T9G.$QOH(AADQU:Z4!
9Q.1:HLDY.0
8!B)!O
EE
,^.)(=*6ZJ&NX*OB%[^0
MJ,TIT:522!$S5VKOVO4CKM#.EK<Q-2-&?L0RPJD^A#ULXT\TS9<@\/_`)39





MA:)-^



=NCQ





M2
G#*8HJ5-CLBC9\=(HR34X1+[9=5]<VE2S!!G9D<I
M@NC1;B2Y396M;2#PH$.CC;0IKXQND^=;,F/4O,G6%I2FW3:64U!&E_Y[YUG


M'.1N:Y#(1I%IXSB-!+WK2_[AA\RF#[-IMU!WTLYIOQ#5^JO6T;T='J8/;9RM


M$]25F52!`\;UI&!4::C$+=-A7VH'Y$8)7$SXT
G=CTC5DB(J.;
4Y(E_20J-



M)'V.0F.


ML3LT


/36KS





;2@+3I26\PX*@!QJE4
V]*R:Z@=O5_
M



&2#8@[V$/IZE)Y^L6\D$@:Z$9X-#:


VD-




MOVWHQ*[N8:9E]:&+K_ZIZS?(

M)
82)4-6(O-0G\GW9;W

2LI[L0\ADI5L

MA45U=.'R1P]?()4IO*3Q:Z6::7@#E#CVQ%;NK@VK



+319+6ZSH
M:?\`$

M95_7MUD7W:R[HNG;

M(TEF



\




M837#S:5@

YAM*P.=MV6



8B_I#T*MMZ)7J




%UL



=JYM-CC3+K`JRL2+%Z)J[D2L6
UM0I`E0%E@Y$[:OZT.0N%J<XN#_4RJB+


+-7KUG

E[H7B-\=FBKKQ[H['ZWNB@7A=$&


M=T*O9(T_



R25
EVT)*

MMZ76W
-PR#Q2-1V55M!*:IRSS236A6%PQW4=@U)W-T?9S.AD+\^%%6
N-U


0KQWWE

A9;KMV2V37[*JDNXM+GYX?IS'VUV=G[2




M.7*

I2



48C5G$&)]S

\U+2_*]34%/+ALN$LA;5
M]SGU\!WCJJ1N*J!PA@JZ&I83X54T%T,J,5GFQM).4;;FI
04:M5G&C]?4`
M02.QC(M=R_Z$_87^JUT%_DFEN8;XUO[.S@[_`%..9_\`(S#
Z/MV=]6
CGS9

\Q.0




(A:UON7ZWZHBX`#D=F0!CT;%
M7B=$`=9A'T)JF$QYJ$^OTN2$J'`LY7&V9D!M6J6EA$F(3:^08]`_'-!7WWSR


MG6`QDSXW1U4U1.:R&$I37-!&G,U)(%20K8@(][V'0OG(/-;XT(]SHT=3&]*
MM;M4S[91].-6HW;'D-B*K10


Q


M@#*[3KB

LNXRT+PDC0NL@TY.:;;

(:KBD[0;TZHP




+'[1
M:]0BUH6M_AO7KGWQC&
__]+W\9!'D.*11KNGR`RQKB\?;9;+NJ&Q/+I4A;2
M)%*TT:H.G$4932)V#ZJ7--&T2PXE`6/?L3%G&:!K7O%ZROM.JZZN^NYA4MMP
MYCLMI^R*H[


M5@%#6DGLBX=/A04L\7?DRR['M^^X3=ZT

3=N

MVD3LF..(5'NB]44$U6:B
-+`+U%-2=Q`RMJ20J4+J[A:T:=\6(T`T#:Y..DA

X_998M`V



MG\=W'44HJ\:)K[GJ66(7W$)=&;+;5#,)4LL0,G2NHC`3B8N/W:9/0W5V-5


9Y

;:R@[4'?
M\4@7B/+ULY


MY@ABWO\`'8M[WDH^0^'^I.[Y\]UERI4[K:\OC4;
ETA1HG6.Q]O9&#3D@92%
MKF^RQW8F-(8XO;JF1(R!*-*%BL\!1(!CWZ9[H/`-XZ;\XBI6ZG.Y*/EMW2V5
M]$U?N)1`F61^1\KU=/Z]0NR6N[S
VV*#7V1V#5702=7#9T)D+-5QI(5I2
E4
MD2C4%V\6UUS8\NH&X4OD+Y

M%S/)X\8K6KULW9Y+5N'OL`EJ0*\A2F^O+!I4T@]GV%S!V1(NIY?S97E\6A





G^
MT.D^0FR2)YVJU%(934




M!6S'1-?I^8D?.MX7%T.WSIT94=CU*W.()2Y)PF327O#


M_[NMTS#-ZWK_=UO6\QSL*:,<'O'Q_+Y`Y1]I0.?24Q8_KI'+XU#
MTA!SASI<?Q3*)
(+)JZDL8F9L0=*F$W;+)QJVYS0$J#T2]
6+1?KO1A=3-R^
0?%6BII7R-%NP?%M+9BXQV$.BNV5_)E
MSM,T8)174K?'QQ`S`L2,V%+8\Z$R82XMM4@;9,J6E)PZ3#+-#KB1^(OR+/$%
M[JH1/.^$RJ=\E%]M^]I0.

M+E+.0)7R/?%\6_UM.1M45M)JZ

@5P^5_9E=





&Z9C:M5&].:!`
M\.5*SHR
`.0%G(BE34G
(V$.@GAZ2!?IQG&0=Q`^YX#/WF9U=VC1)TPGL+



=Z+C/59%


+T;K;


0Z'%I407-60G]`@!LWT48QC&
__T_?QE0#3




MW_5UU


M3I4J





P]6E:1D)3!_&22$.X.WNH;+YJA

Q`_3Z)B0(DH=!

M%GE[71U[8?^@KORW9J1Q$U!VM.HQ`(^CF'._/]8+TZN*ZB+FA8TJD.E
M\PXXO0]XM.?#YV]T_,XW/.L.\J/:U2.G9ESW*XMSAP_`6%!+Z4F9L$=`'Z1
M6I+9YM_9F&6
:651XE:TFD164:VL;2RQZUL59

MGRKZ[`EKRGKD?ZX4`CL%-D#


M1!H3*)9MO(V$H2DJ






MWN:X7-Z:Y+GMN6UTC&4M45LDB=I-51M?1[??K57#%SOTZIGET/UV6LJ$-9;_


MX\C2R5V/T=US*;]MZ3*KPB-NT:.2EFG]@VI
*?2.$RKM?]4T-H5KN?+&QU5%





]*%27+KQN*%?0`8
UQL%P)


8QFN+B1HGHK30.2)&Y-ZVN)PD7MSBF+6-[@B4QAT)
M5(ER,[0B5:-40,19I8];

M$R9/$&LA
8+_`#..
M2/Z,'/W_`/AZO_[P9M*N*IKGF)7&*FKN#UE&W!]=Y0O88#%62(LZZ2OZC2I

8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
M9__4]_&55\.4@ICG5_EILQ]6



:
M


4]<L+Y!Z7DK-T934,3L4[@#=((ZJ@X&U39B1NKF]14U0VE%M[
O)V6Z:&M

M@()773-QI4R8MY8V5M6N$?@'R%D1UB+6DG+LOZ.Z(F;]5T1EE%^*NWK#13)S


GZJ%C=%9(SH53:Q/X&-*[J-N)JOY[.
M(5$?)9*YS;+#)[TJ*GX/7KS%HC49T9YZ!+]V=$4\/:%2RS9`_OT\;43?(WY_

MDMB

M)U;T]Y
R4AI@U!JC=@A?$7!O1]8P'LJQ)7UC+*X:ZF=)F4BMCISIYI;&RO-M





#



M

M-3HBB%XS[.C9KQ]
97SQR'6-46#=$!O_INW

M5[=TCD116[*/VB%7G&TR?Y/






M



3]<M`4G+(*5'F`*]Q00W*G(&W1T9T:V03L
NJ.*+6L29
M4DHA
9IEF.L2&5PGZA%.&M@/E$CK*6G.DR*M%9$ORCZE0OTG5J53::4E$S
M8-YJ&XJ]GW1TAK*KN7?(38?


0ITKXZ2P:






M)ECW(&Q:C9YI;5D+&`Z'5+$=M\%#,$CVPU#!7I]:TS$4TH8.;'W]68W`+2





N%

M#M&S8JS77T;-$%:V@XU7B]4]*XZXOL?AT33H_N!J8I00H%M#JOA3H+1Y-8

K_'%T3TK<'CI_IFX)[61;(.T;BN=GCTR;J8B_2
M$8CBU=7O(LYF4!N-QET*YY1M


\K7ULZ2.


SHF-,9+@XK'=80TLS:2G0-Z<]R7G'
M;+*``&AFWK6O7
WQC&



MRQXO4)?N#Z_PYVN

X7[0O7UW^.\F+
MD,998ES4MN`((?SI++@;YC9D]162JC$I2XQ)&((I*CG+$CEKJZ(U$37(5I
M1:)2Z(#_`*\9&E(]50-%QLF3;879D#C#1??&5K4G)D\4@-J--AP:[@1BRJ8
M=IG
94THF&`3J#ITLJ-ORH824WO[XW1BX5R\UM*7+]$C--WMR2Z]9V%7#(
MLO\`B$FH)QB@W2&_EN8RN+0LBR/RE*2RX];[S.(*2TQ5L:+)B2?6ES./MS

.:6=3*2Y:U:JTL9X-=6T;I%7
M67.#42JC;B^*8HO3/R)0R+65S2N






M2Q/1J8H1(56DXS@F;$#VF:(
**I\;T$CE'F\_V0\-[S6
%N7]X_+$
JMA-


:8LM@@[:NKOCJ26C:+'=74C#8T)-:Y
;;%A.4(9

Z5*!.]OKH2
C1J
A0?/SIN
I;=M(T_:O$-VS.-QF0!B?[[G2SVOHA3W0T


50V78



MRYMNF`P&%4OU]4;8UHGV.
MG\=:M*6VI05?JV8@.X`O=72

M0#8NUBRO;M2+O;%'P1Z@]P\_#K*BYQ
Z1O\`I_N7M?D739
'.36+(+%
9JL4
M-73Q\(9(LR3R.GRMUD+U7#,`






8QC*IO*QY0&WQB0.GI@LJ-#;*JW9I-8NE2/MS0FAX




MR)SAA=&ME+K;C#?+T?W2





M[^_4(4)!!\X!HZNMV




MCI:4EB

_LV5ZLZ82M16RB*U.3&8E];=[6PVLWJ8

\TJ:!6/:U5M%M7Y2]JRU;$YM6[XR6


M?H+TFMC&




6_*JIZ5;DD
M.AVTA8&.5R3[SHMU6:/


M\B2Q2*IHJK?JIL!P5V]SG*W8E
U-Q2XDRKIJ4S)A@


JZU:8HRUM=E]/_`$Y9\<3.H95=TFBK'7F;JW)

5*=C4;/^=.A(4B
MGE5V0TZ;'YF4C
2K4:E

MI2


%?LC--G3I1H=Y




*?'LD:2


MZ8QC&

'8P!
T$P/X;RH5
M?^E8\)Z\

M]I0%E:]`E@]+7N



M.6WYRL1[%
.@6]YM--UTTSA6@M97I-)(IVM'H:R7+!GYJ4M:EK?8:6N@+4[

Q.UB$D1B3%@)^.1W9OAGYM[_N`VP.J[



!HD`M1
MM9_!)R8PV;


\.O)I\?C\54N%N*H^P]`=8=&_0J9Z(TQRFG

MP+&
8QC&


MU

;941*'*'59%WF0N47GDJ--AC7ML

4
\I'FMK&NJB


M'5.WHB'-S*2@0EN+@4F++6KBT18AEHP*U(1&:*+82]]NM[UK.PQC*B'-+K

MAIC64641H8CS!V[XQC&



M7=Q5F)5;:2I'H$.W7I][
'QN8JRKU<IC#)$A-?.<AG[Y9J[0BXRKD<A

MWYK76CU8X7TBD/V*85ZP`*@4`@*=&@2;5N3FX;#E7CPZ*Z


7=ITWSQ32D(:90YHV!Z2JQ)E
M8B6[2
P]``W66
W+%_)8R$7-
V'JGE2`US&3)8]P%3+ZY6
Q+/7;+6$BD2&1


M7MZIN^P[D)E.Q2A@HYEJ4T+R6NK?FGEBCO'M%X#U;95?6
M]ZDR.KG)L)DD?BE851)9

MD1'21



EJ4/\`'*$G&T)+VD
7-9@7

=;4^S!)V]B:$1`CA:


M7CJ,Y0F6/NHTI=BWK[0B4)#2SE/P?4
H81BUL.]:[M):]7KW`UK0V+!UCB


MDBN01Y6E5?6F-6E#66




MMR3!TUSJ6*H)Y5V**8U)3
HYV/GR5QRSX:K=9A%88)[;G-2\/X!+TG8D




M4AQ0MZ#[O;JQ+&






MDKJGO.[6'JZIW&75(DL)K9X^Z*%\7L2

HE?#-

RR%64X6'9HIG







8RG[B\


.I1SJ6?6_RRG^8T





M5.D:1/#FXN+MIK2_3D&)BELBX+&
8QC&
8QC-(]



M]+P


D
M:#T


;^B+&

!YZ[L\
M^_?=LLMRRGD

MLM8O7$`Y@8-5]$:5L%Z0%W?(ST/8TA238R/',650B-2[*T#8!6?\A7GV

J4%
MM)3=\I19B

X\AL]CW=2E]1ZZ6S@+H2UK&JN$5?`B:
MA2=9H;K3.G%DK7F8O%?1^;.SO!TIKD2M:Q.[:WIU8W$L@(=CWNMC_4:78J
3T79T:N/ER<UU'0TK'GQ^A:%J6SUE;[`;3W
M9$A2/*)8V.`G5$N^F3:+/U[=WEY\@'/UHN3K
9EST&:0F[&MUL_GB1V(Q0SG


B+*KQ8U(8T3&TS-?B9O()

ME4SNA/)A&/E=HESD_C1Z6*P$!3





MA!F30WR;WC)*IXT

M![M[_'8O:'\=Y]L8QC&



MEIFD[FTK4BPGW?LF:SSE5?Q]!N.O*(^\I3NX[4.JN^&21W7QJ5T/;EESJ.]#

]6X)4&SS4@AFB

)5!!N.VQW*



8@



M0J:4J8Y&E6)W!*E'741^!


B




K9:4I
MJ-N


M``9O?KK7IK0M[R9.,8RI_P`Q(`YRH<8@AV

D\KKRJ1%'%WKW%G%[_`!(/H+7\6\M@QC&
9@2FU:P1R93





\M9=D_


6`8Q
MC&,8QC&,8QC&,8QC&,8QC&,8QC/_UO?QE,GCA6+3^_O.`E/6K#TB'KSGP%&

1_HX49_\

97S+_&CS19ER=#W/:C*YV]=.U!2)2UN:L+4DK*5\X0

PNS6Z-\E.\'Z


$U;T4B^B;R=)@$F3#


MGI2P[!C

M!3N*!FE
8?T:17](Y(D;PRNR$WX%Z`\Q(L*4(U9`]A+.+V(`M:WH(M?CK65J
M6MX7?&A:KT_2Y3R?7D)F;\VJ4ZMYJ59


MF2YYD<PK&1N$<=VB9

S
M62R

M[R@WJQL@WDNZ+K+B/GEEA9E

M$;8PV!;

8QC&
8QC&
M:YN&*-
\J2TH
_;6!8YG7

MM:UL7KO6M?P9:=C&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&

M`*W_`#Q_T
:9RZ/



Q6G&J2

5



]\N

T1

D[C
MI^RMR:NGF2QE(2^-Q1R4]6W[


X!9-V!S#8KN@:ON9JQ0'1ZN.FBIE'23`Z4$*DP=+C(B7
MY%F_O[SLO'5W'KUG





]MQV
8QC&
8QC
M&
8S'I=_[J2?_D\]?^S5.5G^$#^R/\?O^K9!?_0*
M1QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC
M&
8QC&
:^17G23DL1MS=<56+
MW!P4IT2!BL&)*EBY8K-`0E2(TQ#N8<I4J3C`@++`$0QB%K6M;WO-IXRK/R?

A5T.QC

M)P_7=9QUWV7SBOYQXB9K@?*S;*[G%@0.#UIJXR)7.BDJQ:-PEKJLM4E&M5H0

C4J$8)'$)&SR5A&L2&:)5
M)`N[
L6MXE*8T6@F%Z


Z1

MEM93-QIQFM&MD=BM#L$=M9!.F6QF^1(Q.FGP!X1`-$I+4'C]/.,8QD!/)K9
MC=4'&]K3K:?2:A0IX/34(K67OD+EMC7G;PQU!4-?MSJQ*3-BD\YG2
C_?


8QC&
8QC&

M#T$6JWD=@W'XDY
PPB\)!

M!YE
)3QN?G2)&7_`.&
]X7U81#
J=28L=)&9HF
M$282CMH#5125
+85`2E.RQ;EM?CFX:



M).)

J?

B[LSC?H
6
1`QZ#O
MU]-9YX.'?TXMY\^^.*?\0V)VLJBK]=?3T
O2T9+0R9]7



MIO%_&7=_-?0CHKN+R+VQUKR^AJ!:SQV&7/#Z[U/%%KR&;`=Q/B^:QEG;7Q6V
MPJ.-QB=.-2


8QC&
8QC&
8QC

MG^$#^R/\?O\`JV07_P!`HRU'&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
9_]+W\92Y
MXW/[03SD_PM_P`\?]#&F,LXONAH=T34$'F;I


16QXI''(!.8^M:ES^-T6F%-SLV
MEZT


V8#U[53Q];]\5;\KWY+.RD#?/71-/XA*Z:(H6F']A@SP$#S#HBF6L%-

T4*B?-E)


P!XOB
=AC$
/M4.\G&,8QC&,8QC&,8S'I=_PZDG_Y//7_`+-4
N/3G!+*V,8[#Z.M./=B\DUK;C`I
M3(&#HRC&*3E9E2=\3

UZ]=-HC=U'#7R-*UK8SQT
MX36GE;JI
)=LQ*2F-M8KF`PFJJ_A%95JP-L5KROHG'H7!HRSZ'IIC\1C+2D
M9H\S-OR&'&;1-S2C**+V(8Q;'6]BWOUWO
\8QC&

I96!X=DY@0P)SCV

8QE=






MI7QTGR$Y;9FQ
T1167S]=




5QRO7R-N**+N(E2$U1]S-`6L1GI##=K#R@3+2=
G4%C).4<2$


4H<&5S7ND@<ZBJJB*%#+MG:<2FQK5?:H
M5
'YI96PE86+9*9S:I/3`&:;L&Q%[C@J7QO](6G)^2Y9VO9?4-X-0!V1):


7Z3&*2@0$P7R&@!K6Q##K


M
:0H:IS=IRUP]C3_`%!RT`0JAJ3]Z'L!8@EF#JA3Y'+B';&ZY9?%GYW6



MWSKRJN5)W7+JK7DIX\S=.R]KJ+I^AK=BQY+7M?-*DF\3+VA4B+*$@?V
M05H


MPRR%2-2VH)1
YB
).XXIT!R

.#L@/TXDX/==].+5[VNF'Q7JK@A93$AI:PN
M48S
*UY]Z+A\PKJQ9!=S]/F&4D.$ND0P(54
BZFGA+&8:(S?S)7DTM7Z&E`]
MH\@ETC\M;HH
35%(?(&HD=
M.-UY5US6W1D4*8/WZRFMIC-5K@;8JFOWY9*=UY%9`C*TQPQELU`@1-^UCB\K

8QC&
9I_H5K='R@KP9&-L7/3V\4_9;4S
S83]2Y

_*%

MY!=)[6\L66+5W5]U7^K3UA)8F-Z@
YC'H
MNXK@2&9N#5%VA%&T#V:Z*SEJDDD*1$;^UK?ID8O%G0=FT%1EO$6S7#G44LN;
MKGI?HX5;O4_A=G.\10W=8F9E-2^95^67%'

$(P(A;L

D!0&SUC_`-/(


MQ)!*4]`P;N5EHM:W

87SZ!
#TC)7ACC?(%H]B2`-3[
12\)S7%)HJBH1Z:
MD/6W6$B_F^<OHUJM$!2WS.2-*]RFML;0*=FF*X_S_5K:\S)R%HDTK86@I,+7
MR*R0C@=W!S51_CZXAX^L*KH&U,<6\<O0'+,TDMN-L03.UH12B2)^S0;J.R5Q
MKW;?94Y3FOY@\N
P#Z&A7_5JW$\.S4X#2[U8Y(F*7Q]BED7=D#_`!F3LS9(
Y


4'KW^1






M)3;

1TMF:V]I+=NBJ\D3J6VID8'20N7/E9I7%^<`DA#I4







&\J?FNYZ(='UW2J+*Y3ZH2Z.T03'6)9


`]&+JR*-/4Z`$*I-HCW:T
K?NS/MVS.E[J[6YHX
Y%M-^








MF2SJ:QNMH3
+$F3B%GB$BT@FDJ=A$J%(6N-Q=I5O;XXB3)CE2@*)L0FF;`

QII5


A[4E?27F*

M+Q0\


E05U62FU'ZP)NV


G+=R$JLQ.6H`2+8


8QC*BNN%9?)7

I*:F!/+Y`)WXSL1^2$+4+85MDOE^5P\YW7`4Z
M1H9OH.MDEAWO=NFOQU^.O3?^YG[C&
8QC&
8QC&

)45[9
MW

*E#5[
M%Z%S7B2*2U:%4

+

;H)A0PZTBE\B7#*]!;KBW=44LYE4)-&NN

@;-$I

MF.YZ2XBINGZ7\7O0%P/JX-[26&6%9LTKOG&NU\CD_1UP64-KGS=8;F*TZZC+


W





MIJI#SYX_Z]AT;-A
396M(Z=56%#(I'D1[-!R&H#HH@-:IUJ=G2C.TK,?P:]
M!Z$(T6]BS-;1\?,,Z!=)N/HF\^F;6A4R5MJE/3RX9!3]3Q(#:0PB`F86*D=
MU[(7








M;MFR4R^[.H+33O=P=#W/(2UTEF
UF#L%(XS*3?;$A(#/I4A*%M1%$E@*(+
W)
G6RH#BIC[8F$8I/4:`2

M%G(]_3:AEB2I6A:*KNMH$V)2S$LF


(T]&EA61
M2:
ANA`&ED4(E*1&[-QX!!&2M1%#UO6PYJCQYV[-;.YFB$:N=[1NW3-!;!SU
MU
6F6&K3B[WK!K;&R4OAR@Q`VA4I;$;C44I0GE%[3GH'LD18QZ_')PXQC&
8
MQC&

8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
_


G


1K7=:F4.KZ
2=H1FF!V67;WC&1ML;CKE:W9=+
M+!LOGVIIG8
YJR14A+)^]0ME/G;W4

MC8)?#CS+35KO-4UU55C6/2Y-)4Y]&S1.95WK99'$]V4/!+DJE2J*-3#3[3

PFC9#T

1YH3%HFEACS`WIV

]=:GUC&


8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&




MMQZU.2L=#]+%9IB@.M-`4(90^C_`*FGD7_^.NWO^T&[0_SV9P?ZG_CDIST

MK?J`P&P[]-ZWK.;_`%4


0


M&W&3KZU6*P=/H(@TUU(%Z18U+TC$F.F]=
I#$[;T@]3FT`0$_`
!9@
MG_AQ

MW7!:$;*?I




3
XNJH]

H84ZXGOVX%1R



N2[
!ZA


)FX(3F\F2C3M$FA(4YD
8


MJ-8FH]RM)QF97\P3IW6O,L*&X4G#[`26$E=4M'Q*N2_M,?=%HAR\I3O9ZE2
M=KV@!KPO`]VU-7.['Q'Y#5K/

M1-X8A$MK2(ZJ9$[6H?S2-K)&2I6FC4:R?^&_R3*7^H;%K3R$&
]R)'ZL#^

*5Z.0UY$XU
6-`T13V%M!RLA9]1L).P;
WJ

GZ


MS%^`J6L[4





M
4]:0M6U-\RM28/

Z6+$6\6X

2FV[#?X9*8

T(P)P-EY(J\KLK/F^
MG[(OFY)



F8FVT[)=QLD,AKXGAZU]4L#F[KB3=[VM`G*3DD''
M'#+**,&'\JWM&IIJT0@BP'B(4G:%E3.S877M*3*WJ=?;#GBRM)=*HNH50E-


8QC&
8
MQC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC/_U_?QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8QC&
8RLK


;69O8)`ZR2)1R1Q.SOM#0Z(774B+&D'L:A.!49[860;P






M)P#OD

1

J65Q:`)9*A0



Z







Z9&
](FAT='`Z+R]P=7)L+F]R9R]D8R]E;&5M96YT

M+F-O;2]X87`O



C`Q-2TP
RTP-U0P
#HS
3HQ-RTP-3HP

C`Q-2TP
RTP-U0P
#HS
3HQ-RTP-3HP
M



M.$8Q
$
S.#!#-$4T


MB`@(`@/')D9CIL:0H@(`@(!X;7!'26UG.G=I9'1H/2(R-38BB`@(`@



14%!
M0T%1341!9U%#0F=C1$)!24=!;DU06=-4D)!049)4DEX459%1T4R16EC6455
M37!':$)X5WA1:5!)B-X03M5=$AH37A::3A#4GEG=D5L47I25&MQ2WE9
U!#


M341B445!06A%1$)#15--545&55).:$EG6GAG6D5Y)B-X03MO8DAW1DU(4C13


TU&.5E7
$


M=7A6

M04]Y-T989E903V8O)B-X03M!1F1.3R\W:#`O.$$R6%EQ-S9P-7HO-G5M;F8Y
M=S9F+T%

M;B\W3'-69#E5.#4O=T16
#`W+T%
:#`O=T0R6%EQ-S9P-7HO=T-R)B-X03MP


#`W+W5(5\Y;#)+=2MQ96,O=T1Q-F%D
M+S-$
T9%`X03EL
DMU*W%E8R\X
M07$V860O=T)W-F8X03=


M+W$V860O
T1P+SA!)B-X03MS=7A6

61.3R\W:#`O+T%'6%EQ-S9P

&QU

DMP3#52+S0U52\X03(P9%4O
M=T



M=7A6





M:B]Y)B-X03M



4@O:UAP


WE45%IN
5-117)W
&5!4TE'


VLP


M8E1




4EZ2$)%






DM81VHS1C-Q
M4FQK)B-X03M-56(O04MC=EE92VAA;&I+



TPX-7!9-VAH6'!1:U4W67$V)B-X03LX
M


D%%.4)I


M9V4T)B-X03MF
4Y.;$QF5V)M-'5U:SAF



S
$1N=U-25U`S2U-C5F-.87-4.6M4=5!&3&5D


U-U


M4C-A=%!L:%9!-G0U;#%E
&=T
VQU-T14-35I
W)7
G!8149I
%9.:TAW;2]$
M1G@X5D%F=7A61%-A)B-X03LQ93-&

3UA:4T]A


M4FYP)B-X03LR*T]-;D96=6XK4TPR
FMK93`P
U-.2V57;G%Y5G5T4F0V8FIM






M

M36%6
&YM4S!U2C0U1S$O5GEQ.%







=&Y


W)N
M*W9J=70W97I84T4O=T1'3V%6-'A8=T
P=TMJ.5!G.'%A84MA9$A9)B-X03M7

M=CEC5F0K:SE.+S5A-&8K4FDO
7A6
S94
#

M-E0P

+UA&6&9P4%1F*U=U2]!2D=,+UA&6&9P4%1F*U=U2]K
M678Y8U9D*VLY3B\U831F.$%K678Y)B-X03MC5F0K:SE.+S5A-&8K4FDO
7A6
M
S94
#
O;')H+W=#4FDO
7A6
S94
#
61L3$A905EQ;E
K5U!




M5&ER=CA.95A0*W)66B\X05-01B]Z5&ER=CA.95A0.$%Q
5=F+U-01B]W03`T


M

#1Q-R]$6&QZ+T%+=%9N+S!J)B-X03MX

35C+S9T5FXO04Y).%@O
M3D]+=2]W
35C+S9T5FXO=T)).%@O3D]+=2]W
35C)B-X03LO=T-R5EHO.4DX



')V.&$K5F8X07$U42]E9C99
M


M63!R=CAA*U9F.$%Q-5$O968V63!R=CAA*U9F*W)L1#DU+W!J4W4O)B-X03MX



M
VXK;4Y+-R]'=FQ8+T%+=550


M;$0Y-2]P:E-U+WAR)B-X03LU5B\V=550
VXK;4Y+-R]'=FQ8+T%+=550
VXK
M;4Y+-R]'=FQ8+W$U42]E9C99




FIQ;B]!2%5B:D95-GA6
M


M


M2%8O)B-X03M.
G!I
W5

CAM

#!!9%-B=40O;79&6&8T
CAM9CE8
M+T%%-R]!2U





O4UA+W=!,31Q-ME4$I91E1R*VUG94IU-%`K83A6
M9]J8GE:+S%F.4\O-E,T4MA.%9D)B-X03LO:F)Y6B\Q9CE/+S93-%`K83A6

68Y3R\V4S10*V$X5F0O:F)Y

3=73&)29$4Q)B-X03M$5TQP2&MT9$YT


8D%R

K;6I15SAL
M
#-Q16M%1#!O2&]11#!X5FES=C5K95=48FYZ1DQ:6#94-F)&9%%3
G!32512

M355Q
G=U-')Q4E4Y0U=-;%99259D;D)6;D$K3E9R=GAR43!65&)&)B-X03M8
M67%L+VU$5S=8471$=G1:=3!K:W1.4&AE-'5&:4-L+U1J2$IY;UEQ1%)26')I


S
3)!0C!(1S-62EE7)B-X03M3-&(Q
5HU;$-X




5=X=355:E=&-%-)1UI0:&M:=S9I-VIR5F5054)I5DY&5U)9

M

)B-X03MP.2].86988FY4



')43$YB

M9R]K;2\U151F.$%.1TMU+U-%2#AK


Y=F120TLT5&Y&2W!6

M+W-B97AU8E
K3FYB3F-02$-K

M131Q:2\X3RM6=G(S



4%9='5456Y&5EA34$QF;&92-W%#-3`K0SEI93)T67)#0TYP

M13
O3D=+=2]314@X:S
O26EB+VUJ1E5N

U!*;F53

&A+TI.+W=!:4IV.$%M:D989G!#1M38B]!2D549C@P
M67%X=5AY6C5







M55DO
U96678K-69I94DY5G57=U9N)B-X03MF:S8W.'@S3V\S23%Q-W928W=V

8T)B4V%'-453.&YA0E%Z3#9Z8G4S=W)X;T9765EQ-T98
M67$W1E5.9GEA:VM()B-X03M
5#1)8FEF:T%9-VE:;T4T.7IZ4TMC
3EU4#`T

M=DTK)B-X03MV96%T3C@P
D0R



M:39K.79Q96]4
DUK8T4Q=#E7;&Y%
&EY5V9'3TU30DDP-$5-
U)J1WI(:7%M
M6&YB5U!Z3'1D93%$+T1Z







#9/17$T33ET
M8GDO5UDS4S%

G)7
'%7;FQ#

M5E%/;BME9D\Y:DI



TM#2FA:34A-

M4T-

6HP+S!N8RMH+VE(:'I.



Y
M;B]#67$W.34O=T(O)B-X03M:+W=M2W4O968Y+UHO=T%*:7)V
VXO9C)F.$II

F8X2FER=C-N+T%(.6XO0UEQ-SDU+S
Y;B]!06U+=2]E9CDO6B]W


M-2\S.6XO0UEQ-SDU+S
Y;B]#67$W.34O=T(O6B]W;4MU+V5F.2]:)B-X03LO
M=T%*:7)V

F8X2FER=C-N+T%(.6XO0UEQ-SDU+S
Y

)B-X03LQ86)E;GDO87`T
M8C1Q:68S;B]F
F8X2FER=C-N+V8R9CA*:7%A955F
&8X07!U.\T-G8V5MR
M4F
O
'13=F]E;R]$
#9D=69
1DQ
)B-X03MS0W8O
E$]/2(O/@H@(`@/]R

M9V53:7IEB`@(!S=$1I;3IW/2(V
3(N
#`P


M=$9N=#IF;VYT3F%M93TB5&EM97
M4F]M86XBB`@(`@('-T1FYT.F9O;G1&


2XP








M+W)D9CI!;'0^B`@(#PO9&,Z=&ET;&4^B`@(#QX;7!-33I$97)I=F5D1G)O

X
$
T130Q
3@W


3(M-S5C8BTT

M
3$Q.3!&048T0C-$0T8R
T(X









M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*

``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`?_;
M`$
!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`?_``!$(`2
!_`





C2\!*DF3
M[/+*GDU
45PXQ)=@\*!(43I$5(J(MQB)*_$AX\XU%U18YD-^E\G\DN&
7FJJ

MVZU4@4#(D7


5W)35Q%]2=?Y-5H<D9[OX22&^AMYQ.)MQQKSL?-N3<2W7BH-


723*BM


M]

M'RZ7`XU+%.3TY++&5+


M!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*#--R?/$0O_#3V;_JBU(HW^7/

M`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%

XF^K`*)I+7492*HYPXGJQE/4R1P!
M+/I]K9'R*B,7'$#)'.-[9'QG((8M:]KC886O:@_[L:MF_\++N5OV:O@+&
MOA-=93K-_P`6R&L7L8\L^
^3O`7

MM%/Y72?4TSY1[RU/RT^ONTMJLE`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`




TQ/\`3.F+PV
H
MYE`H

='BW=3K1[MPRYW,*%J-JKACO/.CQ;NIUH]VX9<[F%U&U5PQWGG1XMW

[<
='BW=3K1[MPRYW,*%J-JKACO/.CQ;NIUH]VX9<[F%U&U5PQWGG1X

[<
='BW=3K1[MPRYW,*%J-JKACO/.CQ;NIUH]VX9<[F%U&U5PQWGG

[<
='BW=3K1[MPRYW,*%J-JKACO/.CQ;NIUH]VX9<[F%U&U5PQW

[<


T7C_`(Q

MPX=C`VD3AR9G5
9%83A-F]3\E
RMGG1$



'`N
M4)$B9;`
N5*%2X88!8L`&&`'@$%ACACCC8
WM:?G).)Y^[6BG\KI/J:9\H

_+LF/IL
9*SL#:U
MQ
03SF4TPN.)CRVM8($3

2'F(GN&1'3D

*Y8W43Y,'G
MXEBF9S1DC/.:(\YG(\B?53;M016/;41$U]!.K^)XT\G-LPHRFG!LM.S*)HR


GS!\?!
$6TW\HME]=&Z7-:^POM

M]+9A)R3U)2&
M[(Z




WDI@6SQY

M8C
$/Q:=SV+UC!*
$4HQ%0^102ZSCF86E))=`ZLZ

MQ'K

E`H%`H%`H
TM:?G).)Y^[6B
MG\KI/J:9\H]Y:GY:?7W:6U62@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4
4!<\
P[%B+Z8CQF;?Y


MAFD9(Z!&P:Z50
PU#(=]KP@I:Y03:

MDZA
QWM*CB/K4@3*_30N6`@QA]3`_E)R20[+B#86'P++3F-D@E\K$A4/D#

\&^'A






\W\*?O
_:)?./#
399RQ4-YMEY[W/
Y6%-1NMNT&
MZRABX?\`!P`UYA

MT4_E=)]33/E'O+4_+3Z^[2VJR4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4
M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4'X&C18D6
+
M7RY500=2]P-EC`2KNWL\:CQBC8&
=5M'5IUQ8T!B^.=LL$V3MES5TN?)(Q&






P0/J&.(=[9X


2/2(7:A'7&`M:VQ9FP!#<;0ZV\K!W

]$:^*F
%


%`H*LQAMBS9=D%19[
:3Y/MHL954I.E#`B

M^:.L?R[R4S;:)5*/9_DX7)R(K6UN?#WCV0

M_BKXN-*3&X&H723JNL&0R6!


M!C`1-Q





^-OO(R&EL0#

MB0AGZ+*
F.HR^7'8




MQB_*`9&(21')4YB)GSD$N'EF$(+Q'RT^M67EFY2M=K_IUJ[JR4-EX`@R/(S.
MJ?A+KKG1D

%`H


M:ZHMC)R69)
_+:;?#GRY)RY

2G&S$/(
*Q=M!L(\&=KH
MDJ*0.H0W!\^ZZM1B*A5F(P2T
V29


0\YB3^*8)+PE#8+9O819;(9TDHXLS
M#8*?9#EQ%9@QY



M$1]F=Z?K`%L+Q




C-)&5!;AY6-B%


?3GQ

Y




'(2Y0Z


MUOFU_P!R*4%S


M5Z^'$M[6ZS[KT
AB^FG<=&H5Z^'$M[6ZS[KT



MKN!L14D*#WBV3-D(I-X
%'DT[%K

M[G#&#J*:JLT3/CHWYF9FFF8^**LU\^[1-O'(A6!=;XEBMVY2G%&K\U;3X=

8
UJ!%;!8%4(/#''D88
MC/5'E%ZIZ?W$UU3DB
FKY8\[:?7*NY\$]GG?Z7+*3#BI/S]&27%31%=J]X+/

_%.F(\HO[O




+'('I=^

M



;/.WA
KVOCC;/DOAAA:V-K#'5HFWE:GVL


N5*02_)









D/=XX'\E

DQD02&XSB.7%Q-NM7B-FQOB.4.W$%
?X?'4!U
M@GFO-4#IDG@#F+XF(XF;-^3,(;&#%!,XB^9@ZL2:,<,A##AB!96N9,8C#8\W
M/PHELF/)FIR?3$SSB9EK!7.69_$F/&9B/M</C%:=NSERA_1CB!;0EA?046D


MK+O




+-)EOUW^$O^RP638:ZM@)R_LOCE

(1KTH44;#.

M%[VO_OD+A:W_`%7M4P3M4\43[7

//4@#VODC:RRO8.W_CN]R0\R@;?


MA/\`3B]L



+;SO-R#K)DT2+2U5

=3C4Q$9JKSX
M1

MR2X*$U


A6M?+FYYXWPHLQ5/S5QZ




1
M7
0(@MM3&F9\HMSF_LE.7/\`#_=?TB8]W'1$VN+$
M]W=<]LC(&HT(1T*EG<L&WK21?$G2$&JYB%_)P)ET3&SD=KEP0/C?E`0H@JP

_:Q
3@4'SQ0=UTJ.

1/\L6P8(`(@6(]V*=


N9N.R94QW%ULJYW[
C
MW7G7

M\-

9G)P

9OJ!Q.43J9D
NK:KCB7
G$E.

98VS

Y8


MM$\B*()@+*V8(A3-AQHY#=QL
\



D!DO);CO
MASBPHI'4LP
7

*_M=YBG/2\]E@^OMG@A;(NEP*YG(XHN4$'0F.#ZJ<$Y.<=451U;'**P.*)

\.7'DH6T?ZD?W3[4VYNV3)QWW+HN3:9769S2;HN!@/R]M





MY0^O+S;&18V=:.;;X9J8M$3GOIOX1DGUODR3IS/3G]TI;0XTG8XIA

M$JH!XDAARQ^G%.Z9YVM'C+P\-S9($W$RT(\H%\'B%
Q@GE+^*





ME;N5'RM8M8V81`@P3&5L3-@0[96U$7OEB+:[\K1*3^'^)$Q&9OXQ;UF_\`

M`.!SRY

MHDAO=.$!\GC!J*6VE78R=VX3*7R4Q`AR:XM-T:]BA7P8R*&(;OD5LVMDB;^

1$53&:
VN(GWC


;?(V-?'T7Y;WMRW%I_^+?%?6#SL\-@_PET_X@[8ES




35!DL<?`F8.ERQ@8L&-?'(
M4,$3+U[87Y#4Q


M@;B
0TA)R4]\%^S9V#C\Z+(;I)\X%TII5@3XLI)8NC)C6P7U8@C.%VEE5:;I
M)0/%ODMOY;LW.7K0]'T4ZR)O:#D?9E2

S3JD*0G6Y%3``-3=L

M@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4

GT_LH/F@

M0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!0*!09I





MQ1TM8.#J(2PF$,N)=.5PE`T:/AJA/``_@=

MX88VM8

M4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@4@



3'1I#

QG


T_%KG=?%.[)Z
M;\FD6BL4/&)X7=03\3AD%PRCL;M3L#9IF!0!3+-09^V)DJ66DUS]RHPY4);3







LEO#.MT@D10-LQ2@.2
W@!5










;=.Z


;=.ZOM.D%EOU6








``EFBUOCIRY8^;RV7?](++?JL^(Y[!U$[WM



HESZ1BHDHN@

*?;N
6RM*93
DG

J
M'55LYIX:T7&84@-:1$P
KFJD5(C8(XJM


M!0*!0*!0*!00-$6OS8AQ^[&R@K\IJFRTLI
;3@=_:_DF^'FG_``8

M258Q1R1#
%23\4\^I8F(YG(J8+%ODPZ+WY3'W3Q1@4@4%#-IE5;2-IN&


@!1/R8ENMH/2=7AL
0?#J
N)UII'2J37)$1^/CC\+
MJRJ8=R`7V85XS*
IQJ2RJ')&BZ.E@=:S.GQW!D2+/]4Y-%K6_JRYK:HF]K6E

KTTECN00FLX5)6.+K7))3


:ZHC?+

AAOC'B8F`@)=R%UV



T#*&324G@YE
M=MEU-$FM';!-=`05-5-(Y9Q#(10LGJ:^5(@*RN$'=4-F\L

L1_3?3B^SVV
MKBJMF-I^(^@'W$YUE%:\ZPF6:Z6X'


Z
-KPCVF(OZK`3

FFS0^C)0*!0*!04
M

T!'`B3WKFE)C@!:0RB(VR:\63%A3


M-J[+AC:7-VR8]7VD2W
B4J

M&
E)HI9%&1FL+WBV2]XMDS1EO&O+



V_0^B%`H%`H*&[[JJVB(6K
M2@@N)SMXR9WHU+;ZC\'7



M

2&'(9M*./@VS7.U\X:X_5%L/)H_D_]KDF8M$1\66/#):U


+
](5TLV&=;RVQ7DE%S^(HR@5`)DO&F\\KVC[OH!'[OG+A@P.




'5745A$]A)$:#J56;A)
ZRN*C





MLC
UB-$P=6%4J^&'KHJ&PC2LF'1S=%F+7](BV:;QG]8RV\73PK.AZ(F+N^XW
M`M/!U#HV_4F1PQ



MHR


M*P/.K:;?(8WG/LS;Q[9S^6W!RV9=U.RU=NV1O*OP?LGW6






MM6=.+5
AI`*




@JKK?(M]PQHIIJW'ZH1P;JHE9V

Y91TE6;V(N8H*8I)A`\6#P



M




MDM*!U73WJKDU!UIRD:'/$5@N9$R$N+SERY\_\^SI2T1QX29SQ8))O8DVJ_U9
M^+KQ3R:HM%3ZK2:MJKA?!TRK@*(:T&(NJ:VI99XE5$`(@1&2$O`BD$R1$N

M&[9+1DDD70W9FN)90%.)6*%0+EPKXEO.7QSYDR)B8FHB:GHR


MN9

L53%[3GSO8D]4=?T^-'Y
J;&F^MS-0A&\VXXQ3BF3M0WV74?A:^CCJ2G



ML@%2RJXA[+JJIV+GSY8@1+FLB5BH0H)$F%D%SH&(8O?TR/=LYBM&/RLF
Q
-4<^IYBI=ZZ6PWV*U([LE\:HY]3S%2[
MUTMAOL5J1W9*%XU1SZGF*EWKI;#?8K4CNR4+QJCGU/
5+O72V&^Q6I'=DH7C


M#?8K4CNR4+QJCGU/


MHY]3S%2[UTMAOL5J1W9*%XU1SZGF*EWKI;#?8K4CNR4+QJCGU/
5+O72V&^Q


MGF*EWKI;#?8K4CNR4+QJCGU/


5


DQK'S2#01=0;^R35#!+
YA@;'

/8[W-[O\`



M=!O!#2)%*#N!+1FPNL%(#DARYIKA-/4NL(J&T%FQHU-


Z


^;)I@V&XP4)Y%E\Q![L58U69$FH5P9675A/=3_;Z\;1V
M1'JK%QY$9I=-P4'4K+BD.831
1%HSWB)G1GB]H])SS?R:`
O%TXLYIXOC-/$







MZNJ):F'X




M+SDZ-GZUE1+10BR4&025Z/D9Q-0R$!DH73G@?158VHC-T!64JS;)$^
QNM.K




_


A5]TIKA0FLVF\JY9-5=4EI.&2!$?#-4Z)B(
MC7
WG+Y6];YW*@[;)$(NF4VC*4K')U




MDG4PI!9YU43E=*#7&VN$`1L2RND*R*K)XQ]%6DQ025(Z3&+$VF_OFRN+?FL1



M3QBWO:\7F(M'EHB?+TR+A$B]R9
H4R

$
M/

O)H%`H%`H%`H%`H%`H%!%\FL=V/'X#G69


%PA
M$4*`KPKH)1#&[

MG7)=%+-M.3X^B\\\EU!2$M!+'%(
J?5G7(3R=#K5
3O-6%!13B98BF([?1DX

MTM3BX`3B`$@XIBS


9F-:W9DB1P4=$.YPNZFXZ(N.K0@

MM9''G




X-:V\

4X%;ROB47%1

!$65

1$1%YS9-#^Z*CSE`H/__9
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Property
 Plant and Equipment (Tables)

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


Principal Categories and Estimated Useful Lives of Property
 Plant and Equipment
        


 categories and estimated useful lives of property
 plant and
 equipment were as follows:

 &#xA0;


 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


In
 Thousands

 
Dec.
 28

 
 
 
Dec. 29

 2013
 
 
 
 Useful&#xA0;Lives
 



 

 
 
14
762
 
 
 
12
307
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
120
533
 
 
 
113
864
 
 
 
 
 



Machinery and
 equipment

 
 
154
897
 
 
 
144
662
 
 
 
 
 

 

Transportation
 equipment

 
 
190
216
 
 
 
164
403
 
 
 
 
 



Furniture and
 fixtures

 
 
45
623
 
 
 
42
605
 
 
 
 
 

 

Cold drink dispensing
 equipment

 
 
345
391
 
 
 
317
143
 
 
 
 
 



Leasehold and land
 improvements

 
 
75
104
 
 
 
73
742
 
 
 
 
 

 

Software for internal
 use

 
 
91
156
 
 
 
81
718
 
 
 
 
 



Construction in
 progress

 
 
6
528
 
 
 
7
204
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 

Total property
 plant and
 equipment
 at cost

 
 
1
044
210
 
 
 
957
648
 
 
 
 
 



Less: Accumulated
 depreciation and amortization

 
 
685
978
 
 
 
654
650
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 

 

Property
 plant and
 equipment
 net

 
 
358
232
 
 
 
302
998
 


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Pension trust fund
 Contribution
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Pension trust fund
 Surcharge imposed
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 orange (seriously endangered)
 yellow (endangered)
 and green (none of the above). The acceptable values are red
 orange
 yellow
 green
 other
 and NA.  A multiemployer plan is a pension or postretirement benefit plan to which two or more unrelated employers contribute where assets contributed by one participating employer may be used to provide benefits to employees of other participating employers.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pending
 implemented
 other
 and NA.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 yes
 and NA.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 table sets forth the computation of basic net income per share and
 diluted net income per share under the two-class method. See Note 1
 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information
 related to net income per share.

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fiscal
 Year
 

 


In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Numerator for basic and
 diluted net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Net income attributable
 to Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated

 
 
31
354
 
 
 
27
675
 
 
 
27
217
 



Less
 dividends:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 



Class B Common
 Stock

 
 
2
125
 
 
 
2
104
 
 
 
2
083
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total undistributed
 earnings

 
 
22
088
 
 
 
18
430
 
 
 
17
993
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; basic

 
 
17
021
 
 
 
14
234
 
 
 
13
927
 

 

Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; basic

 
 
5
067
 
 
 
4
196
 
 
 
4
066
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total undistributed
 earnings

 
 
22
088
 
 
 
18
430
 
 
 
17
993
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; diluted

 
 
16
948
 
 
 
14
173
 
 
 
13
867
 



Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; diluted

 
 
5
140
 
 
 
4
257
 
 
 
4
126
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Total undistributed
 earnings &#x2014; diluted

 
 
22
088
 
 
 
18
430
 
 
 
17
993
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dividends on Common
 Stock

 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 



Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; basic

 
 
17
021
 
 
 
14
234
 
 
 
13
927
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Numerator for basic net
 income per Common Stock share

 
 
24
162
 
 
 
21
375
 
 
 
21
068
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock

 
 
2
125
 
 
 
2
104
 
 
 
2
083
 



Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; basic

 
 
5
067
 
 
 
4
196
 
 
 
4
066
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Numerator for basic net
 income per Class B Common Stock share

 
 
7
192
 
 
 
6
300
 
 
 
6
149
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dividends on Common
 Stock

 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 



Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock assumed converted to Common Stock

 
 
2
125
 
 
 
2
104
 
 
 
2
083
 

 

Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; diluted

 
 
22
088
 
 
 
18
430
 
 
 
17
993
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Numerator for diluted net
 income per Common Stock share

 
 
31
354
 
 
 
27
675
 
 
 
27
217
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
Fiscal
 Year
 

 


In
 Thousands (Except Per Share Data)

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Dividends on Class B
 Common Stock

 
 
2
125
 
 
 
2
104
 
 
 
2
083
 



Class B Common Stock
 undistributed earnings &#x2014; diluted

 
 
5
140
 
 
 
4
257
 
 
 
4
126
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Numerator for diluted net
 income per Class B Common Stock share

 
 
7
265
 
 
 
6
361
 
 
 
6
209
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Denominator for basic net
 income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 
 
 
7
141
 


 
 
 
 



Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; basic

 
 
2
126
 
 
 
2
105
 
 
 
2
085
 


 
 
 
 

 

Denominator for diluted
 net income per Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Common Stock weighted
 average shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted (assumes conversion of
 Class B Common Stock to Common Stock)

 
 
9
307
 
 
 
9
286
 
 
 
9
266
 


 
 
 
 

 

Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; diluted

 
 
2
166
 
 
 
2
145
 
 
 
2
125
 


 
 
 
 



Basic net income per
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Class B Common
 Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Diluted net income per
 share:

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Class B Common
 Stock

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 




 TABLE

 &#xA0;

 
 
For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Common Stock
 shares
 of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be converted; therefore
 100% of undistributed earnings is allocated to Common
 Stock.



 &#xA0;

 
 
For purposes of the
 diluted net income per share computation for Class B Common Stock
 weighted average shares of Class B Common Stock are assumed to be
 outstanding for the entire period and not converted.



 &#xA0;

 
 
Denominator for diluted
 net income per share for Common Stock and Class B Common Stock
 includes the diluted effect of shares relative to the Performance
 Unit Award.


 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 is a summary of future minimum lease payments for all capital
 leases and noncancellable operating leases as of December&#xA0;28
 2014.

 &#xA0;

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 


In
 Thousands

 
 
 Leases
 
 
 
 Leases
 
 
 
 



 

 
 
10
783
 
 
 
5
665
 
 
 
16
448
 

 

 

 
 
10
323
 
 
 
5
919
 
 
 
16
242
 



 

 
 
10
292
 
 
 
5
047
 
 
 
15
339
 

 

 

 
 
10
138
 
 
 
4
374
 
 
 
14
512
 



 

 
 
9
860
 
 
 
4
209
 
 
 
14
069
 

 

 

 
 
24
847
 
 
 
28
485
 
 
 
53
332
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 



Total minimum lease
 payments

 
 
76
243
 
 
 
53
699
 
 
 
129
942
 


 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 
 

 


 

 

 

Less: Amounts
 representing interest

 
 
17
193
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Present value of minimum
 lease payments

 
 
59
050
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 

Less: Current portion of
 obligations under capital leases

 
 
6
446
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 



Long-term portion of
 obligations under capital leases

 
 
52
604
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 


 
 

 


 

 
 


 




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Additions to property
 plant and equipment accrued and recorded in accounts payable
 trade
$ 9
185
$ 7
175
$ 14
433




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#/1)
4'`
``#!*```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;"B!`(HH``````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
W
U.VT`4AN%]I=Z#Y6T5

KF.R=G



M!ZL'N[*[

MA


MUI0B:TJ1-:7(FE)DS2BR9A19

M!476@B)K09&UI
A:4F0M*;*6%%E+BJPE1=:2(FM)D;6DR%I29*THLE8462N*
MK!5%UHHB:T61M:+(6E%DK2BR5A19):+0*A'%5HDHN$I$T54BJ\247R5B`*L
M1!1A):(0*Q'&6%`=V



M7

M7W)E;'
O+G)E;'




M(F


MQ0]47P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+KNO&)
!```A$L``!H``%X;]?

M)HE([
AV?WC[CF@)(+4'+JS3&Z0DPC

N[Y;5G)F




YBV?VL$5&%`KF!`DJFZ#J5.NS%








4;Y

B8TS\AX.9L'MDWJ.9XW2W
MUX/MIZ^8_WZ-.

MKQ_XBO.0;4);%8%R*K$9E6K$IL5B7(JL)^9%V@


7&1XB-+)E
$(9S&S=R;!WA'_D\(4S


MEW51;I

M=2=2ZBRI87ZU

MH
4+9;/[V)@

GJ&[CWHHYX1:
HFMC_M*'X;O1#


M5CE'$(O
K!*$*%[6^&&C7
7%.OZRTZ02D4KT!I7S8DLJ0U)IP_VJ+1^3+
E3

TMSE!NF4Y'5\EJ9%`VSRNW@!`E+#NZV&(]*9NSH+




*R;)7

FP-S+(
M(TX;Y9%ZH6]%
$?

ZFH3#.W5#2*3
M&GFD7J





M[

&'.S@+B;Z'A1.EL!!':0I']VT/BZ-1QYF8XNGB#:7
M5G11Z@]1#2[?IXT3/#^FB\6%Q3&11&CP)[I#OGY*Z*=M':YNU%\(:#O34
MP[K]=*]R=

=$;'I
.1IRUE



/@78



%GY.5

]EO)`?Q[+H
_A^-7.
MX?EL0*&*!@)/?^[W
N!IGVQ?;H+VCT^DA^O)L\T
V+Q)E%!DJ)2T=T%=H'%


MN:Z'A8FP[^^6S\-PN%FM^O5SO:OZZ_90[\W(8]OMJL'\VCVM^D-75YOQIMUV
MQ9

I/O;36-68-.^Z.K'N^5'=E.FR7)U?SLFZ-^F?NV]




M_[79#


!4$X!A&&/8[S:ZX5
M4^G[45;`:%S@IVJH[F^[]G5ANL;
V1\JVX/LQD0^OB*S%(O]:
'C+89L;\KP
M]3X5MZNO)G-KA!0`


M#5/*4Q5









7B('*
2E$$F:XI!!NW%^Y(M#JSG(*!CIO
MVGHZEV2A52#&.Q'Y5^CD@1^\LR5C(]!!XQ0

'(\=P2#)0YXLSC5N(`A!8/
M;.`R,1OOHDWE]00T%6*`02JE*PKT%!E7N7YI01G60&/K4`'0E\@!M5`IY'!

M@'UZ#0YM.FCV`C%(+54!]9*


`^O^8DC








((


MJF;IZ8BFWS;$L@&:ZT_N72%+-Y_JS'BD']%4


9
M=R#<MPCBB:B3EC/,))/)'*[9B$I:Q`[=_?;SRH*I&HMVU9OMIN/OY95?YV6


B=I

&L56@@=4\.0^[K1
]SWSC$U<Z[_GBT'8M4,N6IV7V2H_$27)<X-
M8KB4@ETV4*.X]T4+661?TNT&
NBX*8(53N\*4(5CVZ*)O+7Q3=%YE4D==CD



MH*FPY2*SW270W+;[=_UJZ&#@8N!AX&
08!!B$&$0TR!1*!%X8(*T5L0;-C

`@Q#(!:`9!9+Z

MMES$35H:L]EXC/896U:84Z)P9(5A$H7+%8)M&/@8!!B$&$08Q`*0;(-
[PG;
MF!K9IL_1#KWE(C[ET)YK]^^N4PX#%P
/`Q^#`(


M$A`2$A(1$HM$=H
EDJ(;#\Y*GG_^)%O2N4KT!1.':%Q/$)\0@)0D(B0F*1
,.S5WDP+=&^O]6%')?_/B/$(<3MR*Q=;UGJA$SU?B;P2<R`D)0B)!8



MHU(.=XN?;_&M;L%=#M6[N@67
Y3;A@7'Q90[A@6GQI2[A@6'QY1[A@5GR)3[


M7F8FY!%]1(H\CN;Q_;?ZX'TMVZYJCBM?S.:^5QZ+9E
==RO_G[\_OEOX7M?G

HC


M5!CYP=/CD*!_J_*U(W][W;YY_:VM-G]4QQ*R#772%7ANFB\:^FFC3;`X&*W^



M
+$/&!*W1M#0$H


M3^-60I`I;YHZ1S9C[GCN3F)%_7(1VN6



C?M+(`J/:;IPIFMFW.8L1*'C5VSY

MSQNUA/
6OMN)XW*@WC'8;.0%H+HD<F
MQ:Y%40PGI(6#$+JRM5!NIEJ+B)(AYEJ4(!9.3`O$[<105EC&WF@M1)E*QTY
M

J5\+
MST3)):(H


FNES?2

N5O8UZ

MVXCYI6:.^0T4Q2/[R:NN-4
4`H8ZOM?`]Z[M^^!U0+O@?W]6$MSYIBJ^Y:
M%
4P8OI=^'9BPZK)KYX&99LY&UD4M7!B=TE-B)+!
S:JND&=7X#)!0%6G?O#
M5#B-IAA`QN2+'M\#\+@CN7K5:*C;R/L]1!1-+FN15$,)W:7VH2H&A.];E4
M&*ZS%D4QG-A=:@.7Y^.




`$X


YV4
/V0FTO`.Z(`BH


ME#T?W-MZ^8@N_@```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`
80L[?T!P``$R8``!D`



YEM+K[;




*6A
M



MY+/QTOK24=3Z?+X]

)7UCH7

F&3!
8.U#.$:D/D(0)ZH'TGE!88A[PC;=`&Y:92!Q#37
M`))M`9E,IG1!.0N(DRX-[7OI]2`5U

@@(%P!%;5G
1E<'*(3PGA#,)B^$[@M:AFL`00A\F8CD2@`B<.TS%LJ$UK4+8$LA
MNA2@*)[(C;O`BZ+X`(`&0C`(:@&LV_(E=N781AMT)(?I&LYV!^'[]&[!'






+-(QLXU!T@^1O1TO,((W/&X
M@HQ,.0'<V,\@;B20+D?V%`#E3DJZHIBS@HD9$?HX,9NL1$.*)<875'
64'$




R9A86Y0S
M]KP5Y:Y@8D3I;B0&6C8RCSF@7&)T1;D83

M_UC2BYL4(SB7WI



MX%;'R2=::1I9:M$8:1/,T-2PFMQ4;W+,_;46U'NB9&U/V2-`[T9FMT4Y






$%``&
M``@````A`$J%DB_W!```%1
K=2K?2Z72W^TR)DZ`&'`%MVO_^
MQC\28Y-V0Q_:@C^/O_G&
X.]_/)6'[U7UG85;U8^GB/?8TW)MU6S7_G__?LX

M?K_AJ@OMN7#R'Q=E2WO^*Z?@[E`$1W[G`59`);6RVT%'@C9O9;M5OY7O,@)
M]8/U4@KTHV+G;O_UQWX^8^VVOY5-0S4ACB)#QQ_BR@W[;B%4P.1K,?903^
M;KTMVQ4OQ_X??OZ35?M##^&.P2/AV&+[_LZ$A0%
W

.E[Y4O7\_JG`F%M2ADAVD@([/4X
MF9
TQC']M95`
9(./A1]L5ZV_.S!KH$UNU


BL/7E@K1U-6

M9)8D(7:BE0_':98A



MS(G81H.T:IBBR(@BHYX[B#`:Z&JSF]0+\(UFX.;B1H
T.TJH*6:W+`?SA!
M1GB;VZ2.@&^TA

M


MMCO.0^

M8H'KA=;Z?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-!3LGDV`P``R@D``!D```!X

M\LN^HPSM&JC[



2




M2=2^D0W

LJGMS:LUFCI9S
V.9N-H.K.BN1&-







LD:2#')!H!%*ZS*
MU@EAAE(^5669X%C9KB
`D[;4TOHG5@A2TL2BKX&4Y6O0
LTS^TDLV(9SRFF!

H&
M)KJ:*]6DN&BKJ`;C8F(&D6YPY].YJ'*L8*RFWHKIST)[`CT
5QO*!*&VWS/#





0JQ%&$
M)S^J(@A7./4TD_4/LF(_-XC$_4RL

MNLRZC4*L0IQ%&')AT0_[D%M5._%6V3%5!N%&(58A3B*\.1'E0-%LAR0.QNR
M:/(0U\TK4:8:%6`5XBCE03K_7!A4X!A^]_18JUKR&+*H&XJY*IJ.R,K$*


+T

4L
M&D0Z]:6\3.2O88L.

X&+)J\J!:XT1ML-@98A3B*

4L&D0ZJ=FT

M/3L:LF*JC4*

M?JE-/[&G(8MJ@;BH1:QBHT*L0AQ%N)91'A^NAZJK`VI/0U;
7)Z%]A%
'\$B

M-K14H9+-5*7JE!0B%&(58BC$]Z5&U0@H7W;6C2Z!N
B_UK%&(5XBCDQ]5
M#)2#B@%DQ50;1+KY-)^*JLZH$*L01Q&FI1+F?GOVM&QNZEE1R@(?642#0HQ






'I%L1JTI

M(58ACB(\Z5%NO!CDQLB*J38*


MK@ZK(*L01Q&N9I31+[31ZRND2*)B(*R;`T/N&

2
00U)BLHMJI$=_



4-STZ=5&3584\UH

XEB%.(KPY$6]$)(?
ML&Y2=8/ZVM)2U0V(=+N_I*243%6(8XB3,QJ5!W11DEWFLL34621D4$B!%+

MO0($JC^\U827=@8I4;%5B*
(4[

3A





`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`%Q/E(U@
`
M`
0

M$.5]21SR`8AP=4FT[95ZI:KJQ[-)#$2;Q%%LEMU_W[$G0.QP=VE?=HE]?#AS

^%^
MV?S\T_K




%0Q
4P=C:CRU5X-2%@*\I
M71#+CBUB$ET50;*
XZ5EJ0$(XB.3$.`!V

;]IBZ1
M;?9/EHPM

M5-[)5&8`%KZ_M'*=(V:2G53CMK0QU(5V)2:^`M+*F)[$6^)2
S=@.K8G-C



M)^T_(.X+F


M#X
@]5M
(M=B_G]OK\J





1@X6
M&73Y.#F7R938)D


M=$8




M_@(``/__`P!02P



/
M(MN6K-)((EE!-=Q?;7BM]FQE]A&ZDLKG;7V3B;(&BB4ON'ZSI*Y39M.G=24D

'AG'IOG;`U
91!1H1D%LF#)1P`7@TRFY*0V(

MEP6)HV3FO4`


X+!DT)U8Q
M#4CZON+X&D4#[B@.

9.CD\V-]:4]=;
P&]8[H56.'[.?.B=YL[!C7($T/









U&\IAK2M

MH((8ERH&%PB?68

MDR[Y)#18KR1&D=PT4



MC





M!-O*$=`%1NAESK-@%@#3:E%2R$#9[G&R7?IW:)ZCV`]6VW0;TJ.8OW)_;L

R)%%'DH#Z+AZ-HND8C2?OLP1&D4XPQQ*O%IP=

I\R




@
:

%2\O$UJ(.T_MMJ3:]6T\#&FAR%_+!@J4IM36]74\%MOU)PZECC\$D
MYI2'


MB]R*1].H]\16KAZ

M_@(``/__`P!02P

N0

B'6#HQ






MK`SD6N=9.5N/-BP!D)J/U!!4.I1!E43I*P

MAN1G43+DUI@WF$S7[PI%


&ULE%5=;YLP%'V?M/^`
M_%X

M?FH;[Y%)Q467H]`/D


.^OZ*B[8%BQQNN







?4(++Y?`R`
61(


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`2?$PO]@
``%`-```9

M)1D-H-X=:4=:K?;R3


M_$RI





M;Y&ACGNL'X4*




M:&5E='













^OI.CF9NC]W.CR30W$6G]E2&AW%!`4$`:8-Z62[AH;]NM

^-Z
M1#.9(BRB%VAHH%R3O$@5Y\V)??K,U:&Z
6814@P].NO@E#!$-DAVAK'D[8
M`M1]WZU`&''%:=-QOSAC5;X646P55@2/U
)0P1#)$6
3



E8#6P@\`;&E!
MAL/*H(@(*(9HAB28L25H8W`[3*,;2S0=U:@
R%E4$1P3C2(J;HYL'0@JC8







$0
+^UX%QU0#?U
MW);5JTP8(A@B+8)TDP54L3'ZG+=K62/+'-N:4\UC7NWR)#\<ZM&Z?-5'LA&\
M8^[0[KCX4ZB/H0B^A[AN)'C$HZ76]SO!L#I[CG;Y;]GU:XXU:-#OH5+3<9S


T

I9*IHBT(@$^O:V1K@/X

\C!'`O3WAXJF1E+Y7G;F@W3\:I#(:2:(K20+JK_%H'BU2


E[8\=**
M1XM\XK=TP_OSN&X)=G5/I5$MM].83.F.4.;*-L-QY&9=FF&T6$SUL41G'Q$M


M05I9$KGG6&'%9R@

I2-MRKZ)G.6
@*/:X


M%^@_$+Q'U
-V;
-R$#=(&Z`!BJ*/

56
<%6S!D6J\J


H23+5AW*STE)6)GG5:_(RCS28TD^8$$






JB6X5HWEW2-1D
M$H93(BAOL&.8JX]PR*+@&4MEMA.L

*D<CF]V4C%=W64/=S=$FS(W?W






YL!\K
SI


723A(IW[:S_8$PPWZN&`+'@B.XUE?U=J!O.8-`ZD7Z&F9]K78V_3^


;+7]P?
F@XIF$D8
MRTA9=00!\-LK]D:4)'TN_K[7FS;P]J/YI-X
8T8T+V7O&F?QG2][*WIJW*
M?Y'$=@


M+%4T[0.K'#9(FEW23BC`*2`

713

#CCZ8P@B.0(Y*T\I*CA_D0+W=5G*1DQW='B1A=K
/

M8CX)'0I'2I^H





)$;+72*


E:NEPP0SKQ9')0;B#!.Q)4I''\1_1/R
M-48
9_Z1'RC@!.O[


1%\38O'#6Q[;E2TLSY-\X%M``

M-()MXLP4ENB0&.GU
BNV8QETI-&LOHJ)@W`'$1KI;)=-8G'7G^NVZ`&_NSV.





UYQ@2UR0S$52@$$P$'[?@(X`R


AZ=GM2U
[SUQI
M(=NY&WJ!Z_`VEX5H-W/W]Z^'F['K:

M
+1Z[E;&=%/?UWG%&Z8]V?$6(J54#3/PJC:^[A1GA9W4U'X4!)G?
-&ZQ#!5

MI\FGCYM6*K:NP?=+F+#\P&U?+N@;D2NI96D\H/-)Z*7GB3_Q@6DQ*P0XP+([







R369
M$3QW([LD41F@Z04'M&*!?@Y!ZP(8%6=B8`N_;A]!/=$#)U3.
163)*1P
1
M!+@4D5TC`L$]$8

MI+=5W^]!!/?R3P;Y*;Q?A#$TPG!O$N!R$2;7B$`PBC@=`4F0#)00YNU*'&+#

IW`$@;O!^`KN


`

G@DA9J`
M(V`F



((7U=%2SJR[ST(YW.BYIP3/_$ATF:UJV`&-.U.

8+(QJI


^F&
O3

I!TFU





MF*A_OSQIQYM
=#$-)Z1&^+#=
K26*V-K$B!5X]J&FHT@(V%6!DP?WK03%$[T



M`(TZTG;O;&PWZL3*;['IMQ
Z$JA!1[''//?Z$9L;E.@RD2LKQ\6FXYIG/@&Z

I\1?,_,WI.3^4?^3MH6HZYU3N05!%T-1M?SU
K_HR9F]


BYX



MX9'O`M%Q@DN]J:F#*`S3H


+

M';]P6GZC+0&WH4ZJ`EO&'A3TOE1+L#EXL?M.5^`']TI2X4

MGD)&*K%%^7Q+1`&.`LTDFBJF@M4@`/YZ#56M`8[@)_W_2$NY7_EQ.IEF88P`


XC);!(WA8G$`;`X)7

M9LR:*=00OB



;?
@6:='PY9)F+?ZYQZ^KPC



MI!UIM=J=.3O@)%8#1MCI=/_[+=L$;




PH9

MY!)L#GJ[7U0%_JZ]C!SQ)1?_L.N?A)[.`LJ=0$8RL57V\4QXHIF
DTD9%2
ME@
!^/0**EL#%
'OZOM*
GD^DB0<GL?I1`,U()/F.!M^N:73WH&G@FK[#L0;2R#*S^2\S







[?NZ?:0-J^`TY@XT8

MKNJI?H=6

MI2;`Q,P9JN?9WBM(C!WA1,`'QD3MPOY0M^J&W_!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`


M;6R45]MNHS`0?5]I_P'Q7@@)D(N25`U5=ROM2JO57IX=

$J8&0[3?OW.[83



=D5`LH=

(NO%:D`'Y%`ZR6C





%@2PG
)PSF03BL7HFJ+$$:SG@*-


#7
MG-S6+LIKL%^.*$.%:;%E]


MW#R!GINVPM[;-T?0=86:2.70UB/'HJ%'%FYX_`5ZF-JZ^LUS!%W7=6DJ!W(Z

_ZV$*
;6]\L&726XX(-:485AL
M&1]

M;6R4EEUOZC@0AN]7VO\0Y;XD)GP+J$JB[AYIC[1:G8]KDQBPFL21;4K[[W=L

OX@3(3(`AUILPI.4S2J*1'XB%18CUI`:5@Z
58


Z@3UC+TKZI5`AV!P-=C_K$_B7!P4YX'
I_V.7OPD]

B!PJC:C\50YY:P$`/@,*JJN!E0$O^F_%UK(TR9,9J/I
M/$X0R(,]$?*9*LLPR,]LNJG$:'6RIB
6Y
)T+?KX]%X

M=A7I4)%X)MD-R=7%22





MC(;O!62U?=/I!I'
CKA@JCM;8!\_I#0#2[^C1,U*O-Z2!(8;-U2IJW-M91J
MTE/&.F+XS.!FYIJ*\-)25F*(&=G-90A:%E]U`R







AN+HP`H#2W`#]^


MDF0*B1(;)

M9F112+5*P_B&+^FX!6:263.;6S/RNJ=:A3!A


O)H(
M
BVP4'W(G;GISD!%.I)JU86*A\0(

MB&DL5
28[Z2R&32G!JTVA&#CFBJ



!U:)VS0U&?=NX_?S]\6;E.VV7U(2M937?N.VW=K_M??]F^


M\TC;[J'@(5TG?VX[5OV'(-*'PB!1'V0F@Y#0U=S,E]\'L5'1F*#:=9E^VW#
M7ATX-?=[27C9Y!L(/*P
^0A]_K15F&//
@W'D7$@EVT4)^7/8E69.N_0%+S
M'A0C'IB!.F(9$#P#/*XJ6+P@;!D#8E465^OPT.@PURX7*A?W5L@T(=D=B(




M17DF`V
:$303E
/(



9B
M/9T=2KO!SA@(
7\-A

[X^)HKXB[Y)

MX+A']86VRJS

M3@^SE47
ODXHAY8E52UZ5]PU


M97LTT





M8*O=&V5-!AD%-S


@7V_[LV\14\+X7!QEU`=*T3;?KFI\M
MZ!KXSN:4BAXD*_!\B0QY#+&^%RK$*)Q\$UXZ7Q!%`_5YV1(_)&OG!9*:]:`8



M*K]I.1.;#)Y:1\4((MZRZSEWIM4YN;-.WU]7`B`P'N4
3XN@VV6$L%`/1=RC

5TNJ@M&EU]U'8^-S;2#0*=
M3**N&]'0?OT*62$7T\FBN*AD(RUU
9$DJ%/8Q+!0V:(66ZB1&ABUZ*60['


:8Q%1^`Y_
0M7*YU_Q[A,I7!
MO0B\;]G6GO/V\D$<DN%Z=OL_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`E1?36=L


M`^





5)T


*CU2&


;&U`R6GK
E2H<%D6F$2%^GNZV))SI^BEG:
EO;ZPU38%L3-&RNV?3+8(RF
$WB



\6L``W%)#+:ZIQ_O0P&FQAFM<]V8!O%O:'NIA

MTS!=/[TI0)!O6RYHKM=C

MLB(I_4I$RDIIY30!RYF]A!8*


M!=P8MW^Q=G\```#__P



MN3
7





%




]1P`;PEINA-V@U.W[[3Z#0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M````$`7F:8_@L&``.'```&@```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

#0N

X$'U?:?\!\3[A:G)1DM$DK=X=:4=:K?;R3!


MOP6+;9RXWGHI_1OSM]J\K=3'\NWWZI\]T=^YE!MT$DH\%26SP+Z?2=
-CK




VC


M_15.H\!8O5L=X/OQ#7W$8XCT^#`S`3:8

VWD*(,?8\SH
M&X4BU:$1O3S\LCJ&=1@$9I\3:%HC1PG(SH-(3M$1K#BS1`DQSV-P7!IK%



MU[-F#6




TQUVNQ!-TZ+2U5F%VW7ZJ/^BSLEPX)$*]3@Q(^\@
M^#P*KUXKMA7P&Y5$-!KB[9$NX'$*R5%6IU



P



`V0J0C;N\C1(;U
MCES0/18

2[K2]&
M)[5(I%4!H[K=G4L/)'0L$@DT$85NA(AZ/:F@KSGRD7`P*9;-CR2*5Z[)DE







MVI`GS

@-_]59%]\6Y$=_9Y7=:'XXTAV1^C8JGK-
1-Y\L.!X5`VQ




F9K9
2C$=_?:8LGV/OO+@J)UI7W3+G.J*
5VL^=A(RHT]5(`?)6;IF@#SC<@'P!MJL?=/U-[75XEZ
M





0&CKOQX
MA)\V%*84=P'@/6/B^@6C._Y8VOX#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#5N^E^




/ZCI5L?BQ.]9-_GP`WQ]LFA=#



MC)6W1S:;LP?O#3JX
MT*+5%9&M6`\*V9LR;HQ!




M`%8:8-$?GP8IMM/`HA!WOQ)=#*PQB#%(

MP2#&(

M&H]H&^&D54I(9A+;JJP(#*NR8@RA7V]85G6$99GAF;)B2G4QN8D)B0AA!.2
M$I*9Q#8HRP'#X`UCJGB`OY=]G]8QS@Q^DI@34A
2$(()R0E)#.);4SN]^.-



J#RT8TQBHDD(X82DA&0FL0P&7ZIR



I/:0/]KX_%

MSME\


)A&(JN0F7L8F\U6IOW+M.IBBK0SSDF;].6Y*C\FL(QA$M37E&\*
M;
T@
I]K)EQ*S(Q^]OW?Y(-9QZ-\YF$V&K@#S6M8
5]?V
(VG_6O

VS3K0=
M$+'52A7M;B(^K7EH!P
7`P\#'X


MG_


M#P-?@%6[#T%1KMZN`BP/
8@PB#%()*`XQ



MEM:3P;=3LK9PFQ#(



T+KZY'Y$44XR@O9L6JMN&
M::*\[9CZ.4-;DH,^1T6-BSYFZ&CFX

1EHG#!+*
W'FD(T=G
M&28.P\0EQ.O([0Z&%[Q/6@2$A(1$A



MLF
B\IVX1.
1XA
2$!(2$A$2$Y+(1'6
5]V/;U_PH_V`8WC[ZE1BVWF@\MQU



M29&?(



ML;#!YB-*JP0RF$LQQ.1DN(`$X!_C3P3UH

MY[2JIYD(:1K):U47^7]2Q
ZA9!#G'
!]^]#@8VDE6%RK1A
MOKL26WJDL5P4U_'38UF\&[/P075*1:G`ALP'TQF[3&U7Z?N0]L)Z+\%&&:
M8&LK;,VQ/S`^?1?@.?)V?12(H@AZV(]?M8-+Z(A*]%Z(@$PI
*3CP)P

MT#FO.R1M%%1J.!U1J;\NL5`/38A^];]+
(($GN\J:Y-5Q`)HW&0.,R0(?,;('.98`(\/
M9)D+)/@1*1&2U40]#S')8*5*O]T.=DF6LLX&ZOC8!*



MJ8''5I2:KU
BU
3/I#V
I*3?'$T]B_IUK-+


M^UB
(CXF37\D)8J/*1!18$*!*05F%)A38$&!)056%%@K`$H-O/N@U'SM8Z&^
MX6
I^=3'*@T^OO;]YAB(



M&0J8;

M0Q8:LM20E8:L503G2;Q'J7GZ>M.+VX=;N_ZL^73;([ZC?Q%>:V([]CZB._8
M^XCOZ&&$UW8_XCNZ&.([VACB._H8Y3]I9$R\.JF5$X_3MSM9,^Q&*SMK6C^/
M-232D(F&3#5DIB%S#5EHR%)#5AJR5A'L
M#$X:H+B7;]
.T\.A

M7-1P^][\=P]_;4GALA

MN#U])4;W_+S;MFFW?3^TQ[




M






([BB`I2*E@&


M=2?


[-


MP^2JGBI;I@IDD'+=
0U%[9UD!2(!D0`20'4@`I@51`:B-36C2J?IW@D.Z
M7+:3[DK_Y%I%M4D[3E+09$`$D!Q(`:0$4AEBZA'/6[)&J2:*'*LDG88?T
$

M&4]P2!?2).&N.&25VR;A.$E=3C(@`D@.I`!2`JD
T0D7)B[_=K6F@LB+6)73
M4$$26RE+[/2F]1.#__;+*.R$@Y(B0#(H#D0`H@)9`*2`VDL0EU:%J+X.E2

H0G7#1
O+9E_`U$02Q%_FG@C
M./!&`;53.C/A^O64'!)N7#V-G5IEV\E):B*-F@R(`)(#*840H@-9#&)M0A
M5:1_?87SE)RW^-!Q&96IG/SET@G936QM)*-!*9`
B*!O5`64VPMRF&G`D@)
MI**!KXVXII)KQV[LN-3E:?V$ISL%F55C/^'R,UT9U6CA&D@*)`,B@.1`B`E
MD`I(#:2Q75(%?83\E#W`:06P9_U(
&I%M8`TF!9$`$D!Q(`:0$4@&I@30V


M2&


DV_#G+J&POH8L`309$`
F!%$!*(!60&DAC$^J0JMB_
M?CWZ2@[9QOLLH[(=TON-)`5-!D0`R8$40$H@E2'F=AK%/AMP3031DO^VU)#M
M@1.
^U




M1EL3P97C-G9

;-Z/2C[I^<YW(93]9KHUB]#`%D@$1+*Z7.'!7X
U(`5%*(!6+B^.MF0*/

M

3(S
M+GAM;)1676^;


9*W60TB4:4B(;K7#9E1G__NK^XI
0Z

MEZ:


J)F#_=M*MO:%





(CGM0AXA!M9
&


\'!H?MND.%


M971S+W-H965T
3(R+GAM;)Q576^;


M\[9





Z2KQH


6)W0IBR#6\ZV


2K8#[.AWED#G'Y9$;(.=\)=]/&O8P-
MDR7;L;I6*!
'

M3+F%%IWM_+W0
%[L8P5?$P:M$?@`+H30IX49A/WW:?L;``#__P
`4$L#!!0`


M[X-9
N30)5_7A\H#*[YAHOZI<!NH:DO&Y8L_)7W`IW(%6E+)'B1!E)@,G93
M1LA,I]26#(/!Y('60RI0)GM5

Y78TK`ERKQO*::_LP&N`88B:+BN
MZ..B(AFVEU8O%OCID&I?^2V1HE&+#7`-


#`AO4`?B^G99F6
MA?7J;!5)4S-!^(@/\=C!%
;&JS6O!O:R(YU7TC&P.10C#BZ-!OABJ


$%``&``@````A`
[(B8*





M+ECU3X-01Z5)XHX$KAT)2H)QG$RF'V$9=2QP/;'$03Q-4)(.:PGUO)1-CUC@

V#+%*E@.80ZLL*I;-X$;Y`$ED'


M

Y;
^QM&H9UDXMCI

S)-WX8=+MTC(JG8WMEZZ1T50[9XP1.R_9_!P9


M4VSUX4_?-:H@\*63BTJ;][.*03^.)&`8`+QL3I1AY-SL?^U7\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#$S

MM(`C3#:[_WUG&!(\YKJ;]F4W\7SD-Q_VV*O/KU7IO



MF0)]+P\FP3P24?RQ%X^(N@#3K


M8`?E^#HM:C*812%O`D2+@]&ASV3BVD\O=MS=!P*!OJ#.:518H4P[%FJM"M
MOE$#?Q0R6GOA7:CI-P\$H
YCP`'AA'!^QM
T'CAY(OAH.S);T
(;PQ66$GO

M+8\CTR3BR
8)V2.35M\@(A@JW
D3O




M6-N.VS@


M.L-8'C?EH3O6:_=[/;CO'W[]Y?ZYZ[\








?RX;[OGAU0#7QS.)5:@^(./+]$ACS.
ML;X6*L2HG7S07B9?$

MT#USADQPS@'4]'HU7BCJ391BX%
V25$4D1^B0A8%,45B/%P@AH&&_3U^U
M\[/Z0L2BY#2#RE7\0JB)6@YP@(B6_84(92ROD+(@U;L&KQ-7H



(WI:-!C/F

7MAVY
D2DQF&T]
MR*TN^39M#6:T$T8;(4A;7LDWM2O?9!,[HVT/PB`P_@GM]$=H:SC;60X?39#

MS\!


%

MF[^%.87*X6]0FGIJ631ND$'9QA)*3MRF4!,.G6X8&7UW5D3MEVN4B/:N9LP
MNPF7$M=CR2*^4-0XS$@`IF`3@4S8`R\6O.GD-^S%ZW8:@!Y0+(`%@LQ1@3!
M3ETF$&

ML=/
_]0$T^\N7!`LP]F
L06!N\Q*86
H+3TOE@LI\O;@K`G$$PPDX\I7[FT
M[2`(5H^V\V]C1*_

`C``
M?`3$-[*V[G=U7A\.@U-U3_J!3\#D/Z_BXV


MOQL__`\``/__`P!02P

M5JJJ?CP3XB1H`2-





M@-Q1




MG
JI]+$239\W5K8H2$Z!LE*SJMI+[4B0J@E$9&/%7CT)LAI_01.^_C_
M)=@0'HVTN`01@@7WC.V1J,'%:E+43TW5*)F6@R:7P+'YN-$]VJBY\:OQ@%&*
M/AM)U1%=CCSQ'ZX[P?Z@GD!6?@!
D_+<
M?UPZ=@E-NEEZ@AB4[OOFX9@

=.3X(M1$O`
MV#/Q@!EW741GYB
+(FA(S4M#JE



M8V$




M3Z_'L[(X6973ZG^U9TLOG-\NRO;#@_W=W[5_.P(7(\/'J\G@JOTT37=:+L=S


M


A\6KR7RP:@\YG@RJ

7?_JAG%Z4RX[H'






MKB:F7(O!Z
_K:B6MV\;7B_(2GV=47)0S_EH5BPEO=28_&J[6@^482WR%2U@\

MAOJC_/?U^`






$


D19^/WC#V:%

9T!?
3!H7Y.WKB1;E@


&DZ+@3!ZZ*WS0+TLXGIGZ3VZ!\H7%

M

^9

M*




MUX;L='#KFDX;O^\[_:$8=9(XZ25ASE:X#3$CK`*!)7R@\+L-X4OWC+

\^.'


MJ/W-%'B(#6\)0MKXC0
AY:8A9R0MR1\

M





]3OU*EK4WWC.DV%P*.]A3



D9A_H`5V_^8S4P'?R:]0H:0/AK6K=87

R#G%K[U:P




-N+)-5-=J

9
&1T7:PUV4@!&!!U\]V7L2D0L-GGV]]RS^TY'_+

M912:G9]_RGZ

&[2JCG*H1H4'(KT2]
M^X

(
/V4MVU3YEK!**&X5U24!UK:!
I@5W^Q3

2$*R]+
M97EE7DE08[]DVS#%K15=F:LD)3M
7X7^8UQ0FRU(Y/*L'8A!F'`U7EDOF/I
M`N


#




M8;F-$FUJ_KT8A#U)(P3+
*1YF3#5&#-M+!$LPY1)MC:%*[H0QYO^I%L
*H9V



P\\^1

M?0XG(C_&#;3&2*22C6L'1.9KJ1L/5160JX'9GX5Y8P.]09)-2!
T3L40UU66


M(C:5$
`<)D%^L7=&N5-Y@C.<IDY*




)$%\`AN_'P32@9W

N



MK*

Y?A/!BRR;
RU3ZSOF[Z6ZAO/''

*YR'







@PF*X-QGF[4X%ES?L;P\YC6@HV



%\OJ12@K:/+6U=WN+`!_Q+'





HS)Q]UZSWFF@51%30*G&`H/%W'3S]PK@A.WD*6%-;@U9V5
O5@O



)^

M)4#I&%J5BV@[:SXW=T-60=8IF8
$VJ=W$2J.;L7[=N)


Q\8VU&N)&*G$
U)FHH;SY2K;57
MO((^D6?L?&
9&%STH(!2S.@RC'+'C)`4\0I89#+]^Y.(E!`HZVXN6T2_VNXM

1I2.7DOD:0*B.BM.=XFA
S

R_DPPP:UFGR.^HK






D9LG`J`$C
L;6#0=.KE1DA

H+C++$0(G2U%



IRTZX$1UNH
M!9@H&_C(^\5D&O#Z/HDGR(M3909
`JZYGW,]TW!-X^01IT04;.M6%PS[SC
L\1/&@3*-DX!%8);!)=9OJA&')$.D3+FO
MD6`_<I*CQSR\(`;Z/5C*#KN\PX?@F%WQSI-7PF([$1&&=/24U0Q[6B!AZ'O

MS)1:HTG_A%ZV



9C8:R5YE5'%/IO5R;14.D[\[*`^VDT#WI=?[1TT._^


=0_

M8*;:CH/R

T[J8^G;))P4EA14FH`0ARRB


9X.120B@D\M#)3)]H)&J_I&3*E\NP\GN7[







M+0*A-%);!I]=B1!35D8/.#M;*E99#%528/(;U?!H!IDW^8=?Z^'L!3.C;IC#
M#XWQFJW!3W`L

L8.4.AD
M',D8@]2+['7PD)^[%W</<3]$A!X=YG6S,X6:;08[#D6UZ,FDA+.D6RBM7])
M2O\&^5IA?[&X)A)J+
F/5-

E@

*B
&FG%NA\/2B%
M/8Z'1B^!HBSXM(/7LW@.]`5GN-@IOBN0'36_V/=RPQ?[NCHB(EP=XU[A\BM

MED/.K:`7

M;61I


N\`$$TM0V/

MN&Y(_3T%1`2Q+1%O9]2':-CEIDB[WVZ?BX



MOP2
95E?V

B%^J#

;F1XB@9







M

*L]/K




=`E7H:`5*S0#15O<,&F544AU_2C4AL$NL82^QK!2?X2:G0F<GP!JM;N*N



M

/[\D_T40X(%X&HP?/6C.\*W6G


M+H^WXF@-NLN.S!^9XXLL\'%3*^O7SWX15W*;Q#XE#XMXH:^FS^&-HX.DFF:/

M!&'P\[H$LL4-UC`DX@J&(;=X\
TW3^\N?QW%?4_=`/PU['%3_3K!V[C[I`%I

;\=H
M(UXZ
MO?0I4@LXLWNH:G#K`*GIF

/2*[\(]R3J?2-1D#[(LYQFVY/J(
.]


10H=-


MAV5W0]S8BO&M4U:
*Y[(DEPZ]!D_HCNXE$/S`@I
+\KESS\=?&D?`7WBRV1Y

M
ELH@HKO1'8DMTMR#SN'E/QT



M0B#%]


@Z7GQ6+-(_23**H/*^_.]'JO2EO9YOR9Y22`JG


MS5WD?%H2Y\!F.L
KJ7]J4MOLJ8[`DRAK]HGT+BSQ]7

M-&%L8;;NJJA9

3@IM'%FKQPQDRO6/\J

CE



CE;45=HGKE@(

M2CI*3=H

MP3/F-


MQ`

M/


M(-XZ;MIX?^_KU.[/+NN0I_FM



MW^*3I9!C9NTW][7X;@0;)N+.EE!D;:BX)WM//UO%;:%P2\T=-A7IWZ'FM($Z
MA^+55?.X[(J[KL)5/:W^L'J(\E)J)GXA1?3-/XT5*4%-7?W






^8HS.S?Y2:@J*B?C0^UZ


!A-P3$=6RZ]+@U;6IT
.C5MK

ML
;&6K1I^]JR.JMB37(`57M1_4ZO])CZ#.RSO'S'.'XFQ0*#I\_VODEF$PS&




YD9I1147


M)7EHNT!OV0(

T!9X@6

EAX1$*K3S%T82
T8DH

_





KV

M(SNJD

MK
M!(CYOL55I;2138JY8B;=PZ7`RX?W3+

M!`5X:_-9]DM'H^7R41$]U%2Q704:[.=HOL0TLUBX^6$N`KD&8;1$W4ZAX0
MB(@ZTL'(!CYF06#R#U;LO_MDG=+))KB5S+-7IM/8S)U[CZ3
=3E:/^TVTV


M6-UZ
T:S&7`Q01;]A'!B81











M1[5F-69\9A=8?*J^



M'9$9PA66%M?RBEXCA+B+57!+3(

M?AJ]FS'Z1I&D%^KI4KUH`A
BWL:
XD
I.2\`?-?HBCL8P1KH)VU(*0P?XU7'


M1)1VMOUYWO\&'652





5

M2]JR\0PR-;)VV:C$$%@-I#A]HRICQ8`4Y$W;+7UG^)!O5:/L)DZPYSZ[8[A
M_-4U1A`HT.WN
UI*_I=/JQ+^OT+SZG

S^0M[P=OY]C+Y=




Q&J
?(UFV8DA


M/'S6[4M7A#F.=792*NLV1%ZZ1&+20!OX//5H9N4U!4.@3BP6SJZF$R2#9/




MN$(N$.NJ/ZUHSX
TVKT9_<0<S^K,$B*#_(8AZ8N;]/M;X[U@J.V(/G*Z<9



M=*VAD40&46`_?^`*76

KJ9MC7
MAL:YU=4@/5GARS/;W_U1B3C<82IO



M/\2

M?O+'

2_@





M4IPFD7F_9+YL%`[LZ3G^`9\ZEN2^[QK-L/0-%2PU


]`D[`K%C)

M;TBOIR6KZWE88(R0CM[*N:OEUB\+Z@DLP=P(N^\L5#JFP=



M\G!@M$7V&I2$`B\LR\-)I)(T%/2;O$
T4#O)7[OVK&_%#7;J9*IM&SC-A)
M]Q1
5\0B(



T


M.DZ62+B69E5&/U
M'J8[=R0/.G9WEX





).P_U+_
MD



MSU_#JQO


/

MN



MCL/J:%AD)5)I''


2+
;O[.3Q&K

MAY
/7'*I/R\FSZ)NZ76M6_;W@!OPUWA1I*$(!4SYY
ITPQ=#DU]H$456H





M.6/-FM.0H

MCE5C1U=C+#*R4O1*NDTGO.


MJWG)&Q5W-IXAO*+*F[A^7[_N+J/^;=3OAH9BH:M(BH2(C&


MX#&VY_'9@)
U7=N[D615-U'VF+*N(
K[)TOQ&%ZBH`$J3(


)S=!_J!Y60*U
M
T

Q`&AZ['
M@)&7_G%)YL!L

MQ5GV\&#5Q=?]FPTM'![?+?)`//9AM#

':
M$ENH+

M#2VJLB^*+`'YC&@Z($^HXSH%S=2T^2)JH1&3C@R'+(R([!!KBKC#R'6[AYZ
M]!85QF=:@\PV?0-.5:-S


950
M_;2ZGO'%6.^74ANIIL






M%-AJS6Z2


O5#5Z06$S
MFBG\#YM/W68T$(_L$B$UBCB1+PC8!`N6)C\8M=$8Z1&986I
Q[1502C]9K*



M


M=$
NDB)R0?8N\?+B)YD1X'782]1M02

MGG*W#K6E7T+:5_ZT]=%QKBD/`

IQ?<\6(=PQOW5X1=A7O]C;Z@GW)
M$2RE!6^20P29$D]LM,=MK@^PO]%0H4(8C[?V.K=:4L=QETA(\#Q)VDZ9[C

JPGT?(YQUC5)&'!%.'(;.6Y!#6
=9
M`Y+67_[0#T0ZF_SOT0%E9TH)JK^A/?'.9I/YS-.M[:944$]WFZ=[IW];AEH5


5M&NI@TTP\;I*



*@I]KL:AEH#?ZW03!51@+'`BOI]GKTLUA7RN^&=$1)[@_1
MQQ9TD<M90AC;$IXFRQS-"(,HB<RW_.CCW2A4/.'Z#`T'%#JX7L<;)+<T2,A
MGPIXKWB,P4`3N*(6Y`6KF/H[2L(NH,*B!:?`M'VA49UV`1(6&VV)?JPQ;4AF
M,DB2(A<E,](D`HCUV;


M
WE

@T2%IEAU





M+
?N4_WY@:[2('`5;(S&7CXX0@52X-H##^@J]0@OU(D.!XH[DECH
MU<7RJGWIG`1;@%[`NJGP==U6K'@KGYI/



3FY25-&
M(8WULNVH6SC3&W?PF*=M8.T'A20Z`JA+H\V*Y^N3[7;LQ?KF=G
8AZ3VW$M;

M!BC3^?;ZYJ19



MB0'/I8KKP(,`U(RK^//#BV01M19Z.Z!&B@]AXT1HV0N/5`A.S2!(!\)HI6
M%)(\IM4$@]+=_Y;)&?


6.2F=P@3GD]
MUT\A%`N.
VJKU!NJ


MF






M9I\2C%C5X4'''C?[*G2:1%




MA#1PW&`.VT(XY+GP.77F4
6
O-##%FW]+#S7MN`V

M1`S.U



8T%TE#R'FW&5%4Z`


^0HOP5&\&U2#77%

M[Z*5HQ![D:@G++-9&60V6=^=`#7^.T566K8X)O\,0[?KX!%.[7!21:UF/G


QJ#
7;
D.0NW2V1?Z

`[/
DZ$*EUP4+
%M3$&_

6EYGD0OA!.^D(:S+G*D#$@FHLGU^P%'!'A@P8\K;P3T9?*T%


Q
MY=T-?9MD%%FK:`!#D#=2@WPC*2\#(NM6O*\J^LNI,OZ@Y)=J1W&F?SE(GZM
M]L\;[QIB?^T_]65XPWY+R-9%+KA2-*!O
'?QCT75Z._4B%P\S/&'@&6BV.D
MC8/C%OR0-JJ0(!]&R2RTH&:_#:(&VEV*NHZ(E&
/UX_^(HX7YGQB!9K
=R
MSIL&(Y9J38[Y=L?'`K/K4-\9?-.MHIFOM^LP[XC(3PM6MWZ!)3D;.[L6SNK7


QOQM0O]!6Y'[)


EM5


]Z8
7XN5-!JU0XKEWE

X2*H0AK^_^/V_ZY^'
MW[^

`S

MP2%91'VB6D!`K7$@1&%JVM-PHYQ9FY9;7N8)9:/&2VVY'_T9DZ.&^RKTC[&C
M\H).F4]-MLF+4AS6









M$Y3+1UP%)F9L*KCLQ2%34QR15EY8*

MICK]\OE`J3/WDA0U`\8;0[#1


/,C6&D#T7.86L.Z*W


M1$+Q/B`JR
S9BGN57&^R.N3%
Y;3MS5I/H1



M1;HGC2.-B9$[HX8]5K'D@;J=W
J8E/F=
D*'=LF#U

M!9)/VY6:;Z57X
:=@@W&B@@ND5NJ#)&8EY22C\`FL(XC3T-$MF#\M!&6`GYE



M



M!EU


UE9=&W$_4]'9KY'?C@
!4:$;TE(QK+,;220:N',TX=3G<#OP-?Q4/VM(OU\


?)
D`S%7F:C-2=N
:D$%^2Q.')/&C!


!0/WYI_\&)'_^
AOKH1_Z[?$?X,_1:E9
DHWC\^2=+

!F
=8[Q3VMG<2GH


APT


MGAV





M7`W;30KJ^31=0]?#


4E-$[5[QMPH`L8!NB9]%_NGQ(DTG*7]W

M[444:R3YO'M0B:R=X'NM2O7;&I



M0^A2K.'5^S$'
'A02I2$B4:NPV68XCG\'\O@[E)(5D@4O(JFE^.7J]GSZ\1?









F7ZB`)KVVGK-5?2^\L!E5[07AV=E+043.
MN

M-HO



[GKC&:_@FFA3[`J%SN+!;P951YP
4N:?=X85285)TLL7&M

Z@[MUK'(\W#T]PQMCH70=M\6I]5H+KQU%*X5F=DLP7B*:HQ
@R?#






CA
V!O_1P0$5:9&C5[+Z7



X3^=NK.
M:6[U//;EY(@]2L$F_IXWG


/
3PQ


M2J'J
?\
M8.U17JBTQ5Z:[7`T.S@9241U<G,''8@@*`'T8*/A`_#H#XLS@_GT;9Y5M=E

-`0Z4AB&/B&/W#



0TB\D.!Q3N(Y574+Z9!DBU0L`&?@EV9+U$_Y`VA#



MZXZEN^31A%0A19`)C))C%(L`&K*D3(U8@!9_-^OVNXL@9+@5$[D0L@R/=$T[
M]$G7K#PJ/*P8QDZH9T
U.$4!5IE2KF@`=\EF(1++!\R#X:U83S%_/UW/A+[=

M!J8\4:[7P3ZB]C^_LO


*+9TFXX[!D#K+)_S$
MYFVYBJ1H

G

:0V)13K=QJ?Y
&M
MME\'&6!E+H`


MZO`+GV[4I]KCOZ4E5Z@S=F7KL#I\<DIW-8:TT+!$U?Z?EWD2I?\_3K4<_*W




)1
P@F)*_Z





0BYUASG.(@$QSCXV


M):A:QO2E^T2(58AKZ-51C!3E*%&21&TI:N9UZ061M+C(.]P3BZGF'.2?I':1
M#S*]Q



MCYSJ6VSYK?6RD2D_SUO6L
41=QJS!QX;985L):L@(&/
MZSFV+C`[4^GZ)D5'[$Y;`:LO\


M+5X`QC#!H#5B.+0A8ZIY&#QZR\%F38G6S_]0J6#9=[X.'*UYF.1J!AUBFHBY



[6Z_ZI)]PN?(#)J1+]Z6J\V'!#XP/%Z6&'T)(I&
M8L-

+59A`+


$R7Y0+DZ[

M&56ZC@3_P\(+MF&8\L8\8L\B#8@T4V+$'5UB
T&!Y

?X




N$B8
H
JTAEEQ:L1G#0.;
M75U.CV*OE&2E*FLD:''NA,9)*3/07_)7`LATIY'6A]RL'@'.A(9R8\+8D
M!-;
66:)EXC':DOY&







U1%;5T:

M\1N\


M

WCA!RI61_I$4`*TTQ-&OQS\B

M92@]ROE@--

SJ^L`\4*62D


'Q9/!@[H&M-1





CM^YMBJ#D0Q49/*Z3MO!6\TG$IZ

GT78?;



W3]U$

7J$(
M()LDKMRQY1V`&!I+YB&9?E)F9$9JQ<*B9$^ZPHXG^$8YX8









HD*PYJ

M'G



M.+9;]\

+[?`V`S!\WV.*2E
MFPNMO!@@(.&=H.`


!)+R;DA)GIX_RIEFEVV`%H`0MY

H_!*I#AF

/)F
1]OKCVCT8Z/

M#@DE#
2F7/1O=4G9-96,@5EEN(=B$%'3,4QV3?+/GY*[(%


M
LGC&@%:99ITTIT2:ZX?"])1Z=`5U.JN.T8V7.K+3&*TX`I%4AHE^YB$R

&#D
XX](\E:QI


[0&H[P$&B/B#8'&'1`&&

8]U6AG_D

(\(_\P

W.'GMTZT83#P@*EMM3\)\$W



MG+5XI;*(O6:.K:?N.D]]I6HM)-H(%+LGK;#C:UPXNO.*8KGS]]=:6L.
TF]#




*'


M'-1?+^V*AD






!+.G]Z


MA%/Z*-EM'F\3792\J#PE*0DE!WH;R@QP=L?L8?[




MF83M:T+TP=*`PI:67M%N^ZM%A

MQ77EE$#C_'JPEH?
I:((J[W4^O
7&#2K*:09KG^XQ=ZWW]9AZRP&5+FV
M;T%$\E;@!]?D1

=:;`IO;_P9)B
N(MWTW&9\1




M^R5B:-!=K]%2J.36K@


M59ZQ1:Z0MYP#

9!Z%7;_T].2TG



ZELRL7\W[^@2&4E8#8[T2
M8ZU?+/80D








M#5-B[

C]/.










M`.ODGC
.&TMJG)7(/0PY5]ZE0MB:/1/P4/O$ICN$B]1`_G'%,BB'4))%(5[
MRU&KQJB^&Q




QN








M4Q7+Y#R.T;M626%



M-3Z\1DO$V1'OJQ[1)%`^]*UG\-\&MW.0UWB7&PNR&KIAVP[L(7S;@;TSV'9@



MT'M0&RU&L89


M7KWK7-(4K'M)4ZV



MAM9LE\T;M`4^Q=7U`.3Z\U==@MLW

Q[
2%[


M@;CA1.(@AOQO0[=;Z4-B(2TR

M'J/=O`\M?WT#&M=G]%[4CT



C7G0!;\_FBGO+M47
M6VM=R*/M2NN#);'BH^=Y7N`G@]FO!^H3'_8Y-CE=[G3WE.BC`-U'O\TA5
D%A]4/L<[5=!PUD*P<85#'6CZ9-
M50L*O5)E0$Z+MM-G:&:

M)^`#&O=A917:PS13:PZ*DEUW.J@]%C@2OWC`*+8SB)F78HY!'
-!QK;9@X0\




51U!MSF<Q%E?I);J;2TG$M<`M;)UHH5A*5*H\PEL`83ZI`I
M_?NOOWGVX0O*3^\0'`=K4$CTH***#F]M1#15&\R


C&C==@FOTU^]9[C%I083=3Z/5YD$11)
MZ\?F/+,D*_RB/_.RP&S\*#=2F#1KQ%=N.*^1KJ./$8HFYV&C2
U%)$'UB/7

(H8G+2Y_&3D=3F/WV:XH7'6*W^/;[J6E/8^G-






MJ^S^.K4T=^^O0T27=!G7$Y2UC'1[WLP(T#KU8[O=`=`(Y].XJ!+[5Q974Z:
M0Q+Y^K]NSK;?PY35WK1A/#17*E#1\@+6A&?0L#3%F6Q0LNHZ7L=\5%'!HX(

&?EL0




A[UYGY4W









MDGJ7CJQW)13=%DHE0UWRR?4^/`]48)`0%PEYI7FR0ZZW[O0YR9'/B%^9*S(G

MB3


M)`7_#9?\:7K




QKY\,2LB\CR`#AV(.]G
ML).@G51?16D`-

M\C-'.E6OX?6

EM1%_ZM^Q
M

M4-+AT\W\+[I'DR0XZRW0\)^V'VY(M_ZM5*2=D/Y\&PA.];-R)\&,--*I\S7
M'59BK]B,&0:!Y(/=TO0UDP(PJ==B2R(]:I7`TR@=B(*/0:?W*/,ON=:W_
MJ4Y$?

M?^*_RKIV1QZ6ARR=P$_'SG2JMFVYR@FQH!6]L
]4MI.D[

MQB1.@=





M9EAK)PE





'KK$5R=Z4EU^@9%TN4.//
M
[


M@;

D!H@(XN7@
4EV5\-AO'YT?#L^#W=.`)]L




MT1



-ZZN)$P46O#'R






MP0P0+*:7BXL)`!F9EZFJ7A%

Y/D/KF1J]BI!H
FK!($FKZ9M
MO



MPCULA'OI8


M^0EW

M^E2HB!2B7H[THEY)C2D9EAU8VI5_0WV*EQ:3?DV@F^18O:(9WK0`.$EE

M8JD)@R`1\NHJ/+UF*D8/=)`(.C*D0:)KI2)
6@*T=6KICH2I$$@JX
23VA
M*T52#+IR)'&%KA1)(``C6C(D]82N%$DQZ
J1E2NFNE(D@:`K0Q)/3#M.D4.Z

M?L#&OZ;!Q5/C







*3\'D63H:5&/
]8A!*S&D
MSU0R?F@(9V6!ZQL@5.^V)[JZ$+%1=14FW`;6WV^R\)%77G`FA+I3A!#6U(




LCAAZ9


M


(_S\$-



C&*E[\EI55^9&-53195E;E1Y!*^
*IC*RLRH]LGC`%
M\P3EJ_(CR_U
D/N7&96-^(E@Q&=2*M_!*\(1]MDB'&52*J^Q43X5C/)
2N4O




MCF_'Y[Z[CL(XW;G:W@(9KC=NFMG&.\B2KQH^

9/#31]0!;%A;*8P8QOCXK(^HY.9_````__\#`%!+

M(W7UVH.(H4


M^^]=Q9LJ)!%!L#Z6F[CMA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&`A\!W8A5
MUJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%-Y;P]<YV
MM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RCFL(7*(B&
M/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8L4.^7!K2

M@W+F8E;$'6!\6
:[BV/'M;U9`E4STK']MV0.&+N,QPK')8**3G^)20$NWN











M@:&''I@\@.2W'
W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`LG_X%E0(``#$&


MK['C.&FB.%43J]ND39JF79X)QC:J


P(






`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`E;'$I&00``'L-```:



;%5V#UV5MH_G9I'Q

MM$(+F':;O(`
I.U&RPY;\PM9)\0UK=VF-^A7P2YB]MD0)W[YLRWR;T7-P&W8


MR-IU]W&9R$6J]I7F6(2003N!.UFW?`[PB3M9BA?=/+P@JV!:KL@/5?GOEXD$
MJ[)O#B=4#9Q;/T^C#&.GBX
IF*JI7E=';A*Z()W


MM?

M!M?G`)AEI].@*I=-ZG[EV-(4Y=J+(S*V/3FB+%ZQ7(EKJY-A];AE3O6;MFR
M9KKO:T8PP.KG-=1K(AI`0SLEOJ-/'[&"%SMR,@Q6;YE[,

M`P04``8`````$`DQ8JN


M970Q


SCK&SKG(B8=WQ\_.[



*^N\5%N
M-EDJ19F^Y;)HE)-*[I
&^.M==JA[;WEZC;L\J5[?#G=IF1_`Q4NVSYH?K5/;







]_70A]P'$04L;)GR*%S`-DVU3%2F1

6B
P

9`]BREY.

2@
M



M0)=A6K41F7L6F4XU+'Z7Q2[N%`.PH!8=$`LSR^!L=(]ZJIRS0L+J1-2I!HS8


MXP4#3VA&Q0B-4PDI\6TGB[MQ-'A$HX-A`29@(T%3Y1IR0[/+F[M'BGH'QV



.(



ML_H?``#__P






FT%%JK#9^N.)RPPZ








M;NNW=HMT;.W/G=5HFYQUSY7!G-;:9\D0]2@[(VA6]N&.NXYF4B1('?++Y=







O+E'IE'[+UI4WT3'(6P8DQO`1JE'
M![VOW%]03$;5=WX`#QI5O*:[UOY0^Z]<;!L+T\[`D/.UK%YNN6$0*-!$T\PQ
M,=6`/A%4KB=`8'09W_=B\HV)9[E45;$LP3@:
.-O1..$B.V



`UTK9X\*=8
.'9?T7``#_
M_P





M^PA)+8ZDM2+!(S&2=
;FQ)`9E+KY9


MZTM*H#
VEXS0$
E?H(PJ6ABA'L;;]B4YLT%\3)\?F3E6I&AH')G!C;F13S8T
M+U#\ZU
J#T$S3SV%R1CL4
2U(DT\F1OY9$/S!`_'U-/;^9%D/3\S;ZY7;ZTX
M
]6A413K\$:#DR#1X5R#@WB$-=/)-:8EV31MUE1QDL%T&

MI_.Q6373LVM

2.::3E=)^^NM]M#

M8)^_HU;_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`$*YEZQ8#``*```&@```'AL




MJHH6Y)X5NX[T4I-PTF()^D5#!W%DZXJWT'68/^Z&FX)U`U!L:4OERTAJ6UVQ

MXR\B%

MJO&T!A&+E?L$.2P.H(T&P1LP@7P3D5\B`C1!7!`XJ03OYRH#J.*_\W]4J8)


H`^2\)&@\*3A-F(2$T)5SW

MD_$6IL&S;(R6S.CLVC5?^^WADJZ-7:-!,PFS!D)8$JZ[5V#3?1*$4U:U


M='


MU*3%PF


A[ZBB=)UB*R1K_QH0VE
9DG!/$H'Z_7SHA=



;]7&FW+2M'H[&1[D''K*DJFL2T['P/0R4];
MVPL]_'*)(]-LAPU@BD9%E.U!QKIH.A9H*

M3/-ZB&@&,:3QC)SQ9L;L5\0W+2-


7GX


3$Q+GAM;)Q676^C
!!\/^G^`_)[`$.`)`JI




M


P7NBR&HI^
Z!J0%-V1(]@W@!S-K9'.ISVAE8TC&W.LB$



MD


UU#\Q3!VJLQ[@?=


$%``&``@`



M.G])


TA&[`2%SD+SII.X%$U.&FJGL%LO)[J(%(NTD6&OBX@N80$
M.F)WB9@9).DKD#.+U@9$.FWC;?D2#.
WM2^

?L7L
8_J8#1A[=TWTM;UWC-'H_4;GH0KFA*E$@3?G2



`4$L#!!0`
GBU*7K-*8?/GX_[??RJ:MZN/C-+P+II/RN*XWU?'E

M?C9KU[OR4+1W]:D\PBO;NCD4'?S9O
S:4U
6&[/HL)]%09#-#D5UG**'^V:(

W7U].'=7TX@8OG:E]U





MB/R
T`G4?A4QS(#PA36D@K+VE^%
3H



3I\'0J21/\-8+_M8K!)F]9VJ6
M2X

MRC(;)&R]\;.14B32.XGU_3*D$GT7(
40T61+.@GQJ&Q0I!2#2*YDE(DX1$




)X]R(LB+
M&;`*$=4/@=RQ*&KA6=6:0(A=WU
A*LB-X6]1E!NZRV*8C@A+0S#:&
B`PY




=$.2TA:5$@L
FQ$#



_?`P
MM`@-+G2LT4*R

T
=]\@1M


HBB&$QHE
M&_IK)'E.B)R/A:%Q4PRWY.AW&(H12(MG.(H(4F\0B*?_UG4N=_T04H\+[`(






M[21-HCA5$ZM;I4V:IGT\$XQM5&
L(!_]][M`XN:CZ[J7Q%P.AW//O9?YW5XV
M:

.(M4X5HJPS__/%P
\'(6-H6M%$MS_`S-_AN\?'#?*?TDZDY



F+H'[^FC_&-PGKMH7\24\$GZD2+\!

I_^LX37FT*.#,E4O:X
M@(M)_[XO_@```/__`P!02P

3$W+GAM;)R;77/B.A*&[[=J_P/%_0#^`$(J


M17[=DKL;?/?'
M7YO7WJ]JMU_7V_M^



=

^AAL-C1.X7<N^G38F5G^
M--
?,UEATL[[G5^G2$6QV?/:J/M]J


B%D@S*W+M#EEPMF


@YZ#@H/0`T42G$I_0Q'C30)[%?)-;'T\3



MK#V9B)*FSN

MG9$3)3\^Y8PW*




M-/Y
$-.W-*
M9I^T=JJHR:]]13].G`.;COLQ-^,YP=PYM<(M@1`!!`))`6B@&1`<B`%D-(G

#OO:PEBUY\LL;\O
MB?W;:

M*Y$/0SNT/F=#F]AU:-.V2L+

8L

3M$-K'KR.8M





ET8<MCR:2U9'MH'O(2:0$D`2*`
M2`I$`4D`Y([XK0


[)T]2(`D0




MR/;M'4UR
G\PP

MN

H+I`O;V98\+$K9

`4$L#!!0`

M-BYX;6R4FMN.XC@0AN]7VG=`W`^)DQ`.:GHTD'.RTFJUA^LTA8:(A)3T^_
M_99C0^RJGFYR

M_N?OX


\)=\KK[R^7+]OJ=($03^6Q;-^Z
MH./1:;N,G\]5G3\=8=X_F9-OK[&[-R3\J=S655/MVPF$,\1`Z9P7QL*`2(\/
MNQ)FP&T?U<5^-?[&EIEEC8W'A\Z@?\OBM5'^'C6'ZC6LRUU6G@MP&^X3OP-/
M5?6=2^,=1WQ0:X.NCOP9SW:%?O\Y=C^5;U&1?E\:.%V3V%&?&++W9M7-%MP
M%
)

8M_7Z5?9!V/
HW'J8+!HG50
G\

C9]
?YO,/`P\#$(,`@QB#(
4@P2#'(
/:+@J1:@K783;);5W!')C);2+:781=5[N+?&/X?!7C5^EW$_8!9-5:
MB)04Q\##P,<@P#$(
(@QB#!(
4@4X!F#G05FCD?USU7?UKW0J28@H&'@8]!
M@$&(081!C$&08I!I@#-%&BQ!ICU7JF*)G8U=Q:2!1+
/`P\#$(

;'/6[Y2:B_PI3FW(/DXMKM9=A'I#
MR^-:B!0?
?`P\#$(
`@QB#(,4@P2#'(%*9`JWS`%.X^M-Z$R+%%`P\#'P
M`@Q#(
8@P2#%(





$Y^0@)0D(B0F)!$$EE8KF4[?5UUXTN1PG7PXW*F
M*Z:68_:;JNXG;VL'^FZ8-5/J


P\8C&)R0@)0D(B0F)$D
NI4JI24(\0GQ`D)0B)8D(2
M0E)

M)N$T%/\
06I2:E1_Q%4]\8C&)R0@)0D(B0F))%$_*IL.Y:#']U270$M*D,[
M*3\%YO.6,4SX2;;_J5/X*0YYQ8G;J:B?BTUQ/#:C;?7#W`M^$GI1L7A\IHM


R@[:N%J?&XDU;7;J#

3$U
M+GAM;)15VVZC



=ZTL%.R7B+




MI/):%J\Y$1@
!1HOBA439@T(@&^GI:HSP!#THG]WM)!UXDYF7CP/)B'`G0T1


MY&]`3BQ6`I-K$E#@Q`7RDW%A?+65J4&--4MH[S+QH%\$+T0-DO-U.!H7V'

)QTQG
0O?DQ(MMH=F'N_E[NY;B






OMF<63\7NP)

MACE_0?;;FE%2E8=6M))0\))@R7H%WO:BS-;6[V$KL7\_M_JUC;`\6&-E0^




)\C
SJ&6&^%
MC$JD@^*17-!%`+J\[!:8P6X0


?I@M]KFPC(G

M/O#K7;\V&*

M/H\B1[S!&/%9
MX'15

M`Y-YD*S7=_&&21AT]-\]#+8$KJPH`/6,7E^4/9


]28A<^HTV*41CM

?I(Y)R?(7!B(C!PI?15#OX)I
M!I,P*13L'_U-


MLVWT!FG).T6B%/!I%
A5'+1Y$`X32U#!+0&&5)A(W\_DYI,B`69]IHH@PV
M/9A8NXJTJ$B-@H'%1(^'E6(H;RL$V

]27


M%1UY=(:1ZM_0*TV30%Z72#J-JKTY6BUBKS@/1M'C*;]RH;AXHBV/QU--W
'S


#6A874'3O\8JUSN`7C])D-X/K!1[_Y@-#V@'C6(H&CC
M%N#(KJ.:OP/J+80$61N$VD(ZRU)N
2L4HSCV.D%J#W(#*5JZQ?D_75%M``Z?

M.-C;3CX/F%1__M;92?HWD\/`DMH6E\;;
\:5&1[N'=@OLTYC8ZE1JLPPPNNG






B)PHNQ=Z3I:`DK1[*
R_T_;&7$U:XVF$N;O'@
MNQU+:
R38TX+I4T$S8@?GE@I:S=\N06NYR(EV/YD/\!(LMRYAZKTQ=)T_F
M7_8%%V2;0=YOP9`DM7=UT;'/62*XY#LU`#M/@W9SGGDS#YQ6BY1!!EAV1]#=
MTGT*YG$0N=YJ417H-Z

F.'#/U@Y\^4[8_*%CN$62$B<W3]YC*!H*-H-PA$X)SP``/IV<


;

=FQ$;$
M3FX@WM;D`MW_+=1PVCX49]4%8].)Q&;$!L
N;8#UGP.8?Z[LM4[MS
Y?-?YN


&I)'OZC8@]*Z23T1U8^H

#?X
M`Q#O.%?U!;Z@&;I7?P$``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`!4&I%G



!#APL2/-

M&1`(?6E_]R*S98(G\V!V'4XB@*
M-_9!.$J
V
Y8)7][4'2@\B3Q@60*Z@_S


60]67SZ$3
MY\!.7

3-^D%R)%E)'8R%NLBGL`5?%NT6P2X@49(]+A!

-[G!IHFX^C6'G3=7H)P/+=Y8RZ]


MMVJ_@\OO(XLZ;
N59H6+_JK:W9W6=%EF-5;
LE*9.9;S\-$DV@\2=I*3MY







MH_[]L7TX/GV\G
Y&D]MY
+\F^8LOF\
QWFJ=EQ?K[X?C[N5_C51@=#5:)D8+


MKXD%'86FFX/15
I
M#Y0/,A_D/BA\4/J@<H!P)HT/X<SNU8%C4DO3.B!BTHNX^T:&5AKVTA)("0
M$@-)@*1`%)`
2`ZD`%(J5PB7$A#_`P7:FF:&6B9&!C71HC6!$?(C\96B!T=
M`HF`Q$`2(D0!20#D@

MD!2(`I(!R8$40$H@E4N$PRBDA
/TNC.G2?3



M()5+A
-THG*&QVIQZ3*#)DT6JW?


6PO_$C



M8X$AZ[D1TE-R;Q
+UF2MEXQ:Z]#_QCD]UF7_ZRS-[?]WI@@M[G5T@V;N+J]%


MKE


O(/4C6&6I2S,?)ZTE_;2E8:+!%




MLM9+1L9Z

MDI6;W8&_?ZJXO



EH\;TQ#]!

G`U&(*$(4(TH0I8@4H@Q1CJA`

*$&4
M(E*(
D0YH@)1B:@22+I;'T6X[GXG7



MEE:**X:((D0QH@11BD@ARA#EB`I$):)*(.EMG0FZWGXG6K6X%ZT&N=$**)P`


MJ1A1@BA%I!!EB')$!:(24260]/5Y69;.EWV78I;%4C9\0T01HAA1@BA%I!!E
MB')$!:(24260]-_?EV71`0+XMC/+\H[-EUS1QF:(*$(4(TH0I8@4H@Q1CJA`
Y2RME9]V(J,(I6)$:(4D4*4(<H1%8A*1)5`

M_@RRR_5RBA$%&*$26(4D0*488H1U0@*A%5`@G_S;J2H^8)E3-3^5J3S(T8



B)%]D6!ID;/A]&[*AT9([S+:

1V0
MN#[$%Q.-U.!#7Z$1ZG\QT0K8GC`MLEV?G&(KM:IZ7DRT`FPKLXH9Y1;9/*?
MNR^LJIX7$ZT`*ZZL8D)R%/E9VO9UAR3










M?WX+9F-J6_T4@5\RH3KT?&V7-JI#:W%7?F:'G+L*B%?TR-Y727D:]J]=Y60
MK^FYJ(X2:EIGRP)J&7VTJZ/&A*S084!75FA=URZ2JAW:)/354*]0V\:8`E]

M*[3H*UIW^EM4Z`KZH-.=_F83EM#GE^[T%Y:PA#Z61-JZ2NA0[$X?+6$=.I^Y


M'?D?9/JJ_7\(?/I+`````/__`P!02P



4A-7Z+UL4F![
OKW[Y\.N[
M?_[^;?[YW\



M?WW#BS?7%Q?GE]=7&GS')NI(V6RB_CUJUVY\._U[V*YUE/K-2.Z'L'
G;\Y/
M+ZZN-[G8L9&=D$7WPW'[USD-P^J'H_:P(V7J#8[NG%X?E(U.$


NC32?PY





M

@6Y!YF!/(#
01Y!



<VD<D^*CK!J$YYK%9!&3=:O,W/G&*.:!8RH3U00#8B&151130B

]$3T3O1I,.N$D0&;Y]%U*?ZNA75;
M6]CN8:N`IP^%=A=T7#/*
WJ%ERO!'UB/I$!=&`:$A4$E5$(Z(QT81H2G1/
M--Z()H3/1(MB)9$*Z(UT1/1



M$8V(QD03HBG1/=&



]$+T32$%F3AF3=%I9G/-?0E8^/T-!7FU
-48#N:LW#


T#Q(J$;4;P&N3%W7ST?=*[;P.9Y?S4O.[5CU'A

M$XO!2C
85Z9JSV#YU+K;Y2.FUM]=IU-;H]S8CCG7=-W
[S?6=Q4UZOMV9V[=

MG=7ONTISO1BC:V2
MF6T4Q^E+=XZ+;T0E!I=MY-?;L7`9/O?[DKA(/1ZU5S:




]$3T3O1#I




&S
C\^]XCZ1`71@&A(5!)51.B
M

%





Z('


4(`.0(4@)4J4DWU57W4QWU3[)




MZRHY1\RL+_RD




4MW



5
M1`.B(5%)5!&-B

]$+D31LTAT2*0W)6A(N



QFX@U=GZ@(*GX$0T#BGV51%5`+/A=VL+)=ZV5FU[

FTS=%CA[])U8U)4H\S?!NWRMP[2I5HX7/N^


MWW9;XO*

W
UUXU1X3CK$?6)J(!T9H)*J(



V)'HD6

I]YK%E






M]W5-9\\'Z$/#]-[2EKYZ/D@E]BT?H(\!
1/U\


FI;CR
/-JY$:7O


MFV[RH]C]B


NO`![L\%)<.;TNH@#A]Z'L:&`97Y8!=O
M\&0CMMDQV(B#C6/#,-@D'^S\S;GQ<AK;M`^6Y]'5](\'GS8U(6&;#VKD?OT
M5YS2U,[[M[44;O?U_5!NDD,^]WWR'V!5-*[J1,7L6&,LJOE(&YZ'T8VP54





MPR)MA$7RT2+IFSI:[0EFZIN^OI7+QQGTK]]MO']_\XZ!



MA?DQ^UM?R.?IK5E
KS%.Z?6MM&5M!UC]&FR(2C\\TK`ZO5+7OL.F_?7#'Y9?


8HX90ULT


J3:9;)4C!9B9+P60IFP%
MDZ5@LA1,EH+)4C!9B9+P60IFP%DZ5@LA1,EH+)4C!9B9+P60IFP%<Y82
MRE)64HH2U-H+-7:?92E+MY:ZEFV<()I

M4A)






D))B7!
MI28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE)
D))B7!I28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE)
D))B7!I28

2H))
M23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A),2H))23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A)
2H))23`I


ML$@^6B0=+9*-%DE&B^2B15+1(IEHD42T2!Y:)`TMDH4624*+Y*!%4C!!)ANN
M%GU
-NK:=7:Q?^I+WC%#2D?#XM56\EC./S4(4;J/CM=DE^:3'LJ:[RQ^[DAI



MB+#Q2BEZ4DK!E-*F;3H_YM54I;0)T,HI6!**9A2J:4@BFEGL5)4DK!E-*F

MV(2%3582T^Y



?W4X(2R5E?D-4
M^K:)9_K'S:+]?LTB])R]:H+7K`8A3*M9F.IAP^)P96!A.',85<WO=9\8]]=^
M`'04PI+AQ@V+PTT"\.9%7G:_'[G</<A+!ENUK`XW$-@?KBS-^:D-6\MHUG

M_;6;9M]EDF^BJY;MJ95)S?B)21A-)GG6.II$.F0TB831)!)&DTB[1I-'AXPF

MKG?05CJ`20&T5;[!E&^T5;[!E&.T54+!E%T54+!E,.TK4F8JR*E?N^6U)]
M&H



I[4P'A2`^-)C=WCR9-#QI
Z&$_J8#RIDXW'E6#/:$8L5\O:


V2_J0)F
Q`

$KEO27?Q]EK3L_AJ@HY[
ML%X+TU&..*4'3.D!4WK`E!XPI0=

*4'[+&%

)@$

)@$!I/`
M8!(83`*#.8$))3A!8T+AB!78TQ%7B?I75-
K?4LVQ-!=-F@$E)
D))B7!
MI28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE)
D))B7!I28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE)
D))B7!I28

M864+JUK8J(6-6]BDA4U;V'T+F[6PAQ8V;V&/+6S1PI8M;-7UBWLJ84]M[7

M)B7!I28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE),D))B7!I28E`23DF!2$DQ*@DE),D))B7!

MR5(P60HF2\%D*9@L!9.E8+(43):R5(P60HF2\%D*9@L!9.E8+(43):R5(P
M60HF2\%D*9@L!7.6$LI2PC85W

M9H!)23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A),2H))23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A)
2H))
M23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@3DE*4G8IH)3
HTT2KH2]#%*UB7K7$G/\H73ORI
M36ODH433):R5(P60HF2\%D*9@L!9.E8+(43):R5(P60HF2\%D*9@L!9.E

2H))23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A),2H))
M23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A+
*4DH)0FE)*%QP2CI*O/'*%E7\G


E
M:Z:/V(854=L!ILT`DY)@4A)
2H))23`I28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A),2H))23`I
M28EP:0DF)0$DY)@4A)

MCGQ*L8DW

:MYX+9.P
$`56#+H*&';!QV'J&Q0O
7%V;3RPH5_40@O=*5<U2Z9-


MR=2DURR?=



M+%;F`R/*11

M\?_IG+][_\

8S@#\


M`L&?ESS







I8&0\\E2]F[V[NKH.!E/6$
VZ/!#M:X1<U?
M]^I';HRU.






:8BAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*
MBJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*%24-4=(0)0V#
MT')TG:E2QO8;O[TN$[]EW`V]JK6NULK/ZMN_\1VBI

M2K=CGMRQ]5*[(^N

MQ5)#+#7$4L/@0KT-*3.L;0VL%9+&ULV3C&F(8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:2

2)LC`@9(\+%B%`Q(DR

M;/LD[/G$MM/%05^
J'50/5_6!]A^N_#5.'0;]/7$]@_Z9D3-@W*=L'XP^W8*
MZZ_TW6`/@X:EA[;&4OBKO;DEB71V/)X36?;ZWQRV=G\I+GR[:P_@JH51UV

.8XA^+$D7(^GSL2'II8UT3M);VVE+

MD?0Q1#^6I(N1]/G8D/32*)F3'GOW?_TK.PA%2[:TTMUH3S_=U7[+N@`J6VO1
MV%*+QOAGVJS`PC48H3U%TLM=#IJ(48M=R)%R/Q.I;$BY%X'4OBQ4C\?&Q(


M1J`*.I(JB%$%
:IPP@C414=2%S'J
K-0E]+TF!?$L;JT)LF6-G:ARLJ'XIO1

MCSJW@$-SHO(GS(G*GS(G9#@\)\PX/*?@2NE'G.-*B8_7?96M:]C/B-ZUL$
K

-2Q&[4\8@=KK2`HM1FW%J.0)(U!)'4G9Q*C4S$)=R-)9=2GQ



M`TO)DYYW[=!#=6$/KE'+4H^(&D=$04\X/06-!U+/B*AA1!3LA--3L'@@]8J(



FQER<(YV+76V
MK$5H;/ZTN\=MC)0KCI2+D7(Q4BY&@L5(L!@)%B/!8J13C'2*D4ZQ]PG[D+/
M?N4L



Y2+&

18+F(L%S&6BQC+1:PL%T.6BV&F0MG!Y\B@9.G%G*-D[=VL2E;&



BA9FD^SDF4'/^U9_5WM
M6ZUV-M:V\/`
`-

FEV=.$/4O8
M\X2]2-C+A+U*V.N$O4G8VX2]2]C[A'U(V




M
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
M

M*8:28B@IAI)B14E#E#3
5COY7-D4++TY,Y1LO;PUHVSL?6*4[_1=S_IHU3
M#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+Q;!4#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+Q;!4#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+Q;!4
M#$O%L%0

M4%(


M3Q5C&F(H*8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28B@IAI)B




MGJ:PL7$F#$OU20.6BF&I&):*8:D8EHIAJ1B6BF&I&):*8:D8EHIAJ1B6BF&I




MAQC3$$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#
M23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!0K2AJBI&&F0E%RC@Q*EF;].4JVYOZR2\X-_X?OBC(/
M



2P5PU(Q+!7#4C$L

2P5PU(Q+!7#4C$L%2N6&F*I(98:8ND
@Z6E@W^.I:WCOUBJ3P&8AQC3
M$$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4
M%$-)



M)A$1/D:$CA%A8T3(&!$N1H2*$PJONK1S^ZN^I($;OPU]TF_G75W4KO!Z^]?8
M]C

C3T84:VADV;_IT






MV;M(2'&-6C?D=N0V'BEN;%TXWC%:&/^









MHR7W!3V`

N:\']M)ZEW)NI-4MEXZ#)9.HMUE\:/BI5PWVVOF
M8D*



KXICI<OQLL7


M)E:+D6$=2SK%R-U\;$A4N:B?K3ZVS.M-P+JM-C9_0?Q:C
L#

M



M
0HA1B4JJT^XAE*4!LI_02EJ'V8M167EX8V1T.3;1:7%76Y'67`C+*E.C=J^
M_Q/:D:R
$=&+0&'&N3NC
&(49AS;OKL4^GV4:43T






M1TTU'C5=Q[N^#JT6:GIXO%#3TC*::_J;%SVM\[1]LLAE;67EH\)1P[N;\Y#
MJ=NA1Y9O.]FR?!OC]8X!;A_I:8X^C]GQY#.@;1[3(M:H%/R44:EZSLX*F6O






M$39&A(P1X6)$J!@1)D:$B!'A841H.*&006X!E@S^WBW6HW*:^/93V=+
O+L)

M

M
=2I'GKL8KU%;2N

6JA\U$+Q;%@Q
C^S$+V



QSPKXD




M
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
M

\=[.47T<[_JK(X7
EHZNK-'O_=Q
M_%UK#&^OZ*^KQDATG\GCP;:X)X/1













M?*PU;FSN_N_$V)#$6*%B2KV/&$O$O8R8:\2]CIA;Q+V-F'O$O8^81\2]C%A
MGQ+V.6%?$O8U8=\2]CUA/Q+V,V&_$L;UJHM$[RF!+'5DUNH!89U6*X/SU&R
M7D^N2C;&/V.![?QG&'8CK%_R
#


M



M0\(^)NQ3PCXG[$OOB;L6\*^)^Q'PGXF[%?4-+%9.-
X.








:H\CFTYAU7CPB^MDI\'RF4.#20YT+


(2XB1-
4$.V4


MK+J5^+@%5!:V@/@F=7U1PXYM`2UJ


J!'[


$L['

M'B2GM#4LO/\$@:EVYOW'T9!!A3Z]-%@%
F@A/I1
(&A2:G3`1S-!'
.64B
MR%3#^KO4HT?A\A&UDCE


7HY?T97`A*\BYSEI(E/MYJ53;_
M=O+UA1C3$$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQ
ME!1#23&4%$-)



M.
V81CMVBT-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQ
ME!1#23&4%$-)






4
M5-0OL'VCT#Y-`+E$V/YCK/UUT5AQ%BL.I;B%&%^=B0\M(AFE/^FRNO-9J6
M2E2V?#)\6=FQS;E%



;5N`E4_92*(4


M

M[PG[D;??N5

M+ANG&-
00TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4%$-)
9040TDQE!1#23&4
M%$-)

M_N^__N\7__*__N?#-?E__V_'WN9K*VRUM3&N]
:5]YVUICU)OV5#$$%D-@
M
0060V`Q!!9#8#$$%D-@
0060V`Q!!9#8#$$%D-@
0060V`Q!!9#8#$$%D-@
M


42`JH_#1N


ML!@BR&P&`*+(;`8`HLAL!@BR&P&`*+(;!86R(P(9)A9I3IUMV`M=3TZG`
MOS:GCD]9YW/JGLWF5#&Z(8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H
M*8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28B@IAI)B*E62AJBI%*&G8N=$K6(^37*#D^


2P5




MAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28B@IAI)B*F&DF(H*8:28J6D(4H:HJ1AYT*G9#W'?XV2

2#_$Z(882HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D
M&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D6EIB)*&286:):=;=DK6
MP_W7*+E_&3;)4?VO(*

[!$B]@@/

;(#3%R


M+J])DN
6A]9)$K5$DHB1)



.CCGCW_
M?3/\W[/9\[BS3C!28MRL?N7YN-=^3-)HIV2)-HI&1%WVMV$D2?L%/21CLE




M5WLVFSC%Z(882HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*






M;')[*8:E8E@JAJ5B6J&I6)8*H:E8E@JAJ5B6J&I6)8*H:E8E@JAJ5B6J&
MI6)8*H:E8E@JAJ5B6I6EAIBJ6%2H6XOIUMVEM9C^==8.C[&GUNZ9[.)4XQN
MB*&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*BJ&D&$J*H:082HJAI!A*
MBJ&D&$J*H:082HJ5DH8H:8B2AIT+G9+U3/XU2M;V_3/V/9M/G%JLLSIN-IDX
MQ;!4#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+Q;!4#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+Q;!4#$O%L%0
2\6P5`Q+
MQ;!4#$O%L%0
2\7*4D



/__%O['&UJVFXK4YW\+0%V^SIX+H%

M;

=B&CX6+
M






+3C'#^#.]AZRU^(3QT:

M6FZ^

M6ODVKO_OS\!I^7L:1[)=N?.%NUVW\V6[31EYQEB6FGP')UBR+#'Y3D(*E98Y










K+3<4H
M4NRV8G<4\1SQ.(Y8/G\\CR.6SQ\/Y(BE_7T]++:[;RC_KX=%JL=18K=5KV[
M''NHV&..G=?Q4:2^7%2
(L4N*W:5QX58G;\X+L3J_
5Q(5;G+^[O;1T[1?K$
M]U7%*%*







W
R%R






VT+[F&9D10%HN$@X*







Q_^XKN35U-DQ.:;IH0GGW][;:IV4Y-
AAT)04G).'KW.KUV6R+W]'DC4=*=.1@1&UU2I
M/Q-P^F&[=R6%!Y+L4K8[JV!RP[ZP/%=.++:X<'W80HVU^1A8^3B=#^WC^<IJ
M),T_L*0KNF$_J-SP4CDY2P%S.,E+.V:MP]:5!`H+%FA83N;VPP^QQALHB&6
M

M;)$4J4

M[

?S'VP\
'2!RL?K'VP


M(@61DLB8R(3(E
B



B(2$`F)1$1B
M(@F1E$A&)=2$F)C(E
B$R)S(C

MM9L(EKA%8N`5B8/1H4@08B$1(B
9&$2$HD(Y(3*8B41
9$)D2F1&9$YD06



@F(!(2B8C$1!(B*9&
2$ZD


`H918QB()DZU:Y_KMRI3:)6\)@RRACEC`I&





2+5R(-4J&)6

M\&84*:Q:@\@XB!P=6X


;CV`BAA40_`W^UC]C]!OU;_4UA5_CM7



MA19DM2R(K)FH0T9;8GLZL1)&_,D^!EILS=WZE%3B$=^
-U:*W:*RF
=*0$
M%GF5U)N#A[`Z-E+V2W$1Y'5LQD#J

M/_55`

@QV/?VYTS6+5ZG+/'!3JJQR70





M!:.2.XX93;CCE-&

N5?A
M+:K=

MB%'
*&&4
LH8Y8P*1B6C
:
)HRFC&:
YHP6C):
5HS6C#:
MHYV#W!R1
]PY
M.6+
O3I2(3V)#+L^&1$)B(1$(B(QD81(2B0CDA
IB)1$QD0F1*9$9D3F1!9$


%H


22(_:F-$$R`F5GHI6*X0Z8S1GM&T
M9+0TE#7C#:

'(&MG_S)E`K




@U9H`
F/&KUR8P)6<E&KF=OWG@X)856?%]!Z=&2M:O<$8G24@`_R
M?&,5M6:?.^FU_

_?H5[!JW0MK#F*#
MCJU!;&'E!.&GPPY6QX)P1Z6Y6W#&J*QN+CA3C0HYC_/Y$]YAKS(RBU&'5/=3


MO'K


MIF3XB%]!_2$=,]VK`?E'^&1-=*UUH!(212:4R88C)*B*1$
A;*R:@@4A(9



@



'JV


]\G


M`W/KJS[U_KG%O^H&FC

MRCE_#KPEOQ!6]?


X$+X85K.HQT$Y8<Q`;=&P-8@LK)XB^MYS@]6Q(-RQ*J.D==YSVM/0
MET;&J_P5DFB0[T-K90(\S`_\0S2R1O6GH1F%*@7UB%'
'1-&*7?



QHPFC*:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:


`D8AHXA1SAAE#+*&.6,D8EHS&C

6
$D8IHXQ1SJA@5#(:
YHPFC*:
9HS
M6C!:
EHQ6C/:

5TN70X:5/1D0(B&1B$A,)&2
M$LF(Y$0*(B61
9$)D2F1&9$YD061)9$5D361#9$MD5V=N*E@UDS/*!?5$JM3

':[L^&T/M8+'E%'&*&=4

M:`+DA$KO?Z@50ITQFC-:
%HR6@%IJ&M&&T9;1CL'N0GFK_VVSW[ZO
AKT2OO
M?\!*)LJ'@N
/[!&
G(%]Y5T!!&J%_1XZ;Z*&,46O?+^AUI!/@72-R@R1CF0
M$SV]_Z%6D\MJHW%L:+CNVNB4FK$;X2H%1S.@'1[YHP60*W;LU0KR*\LJFW/



Z:/?6/N
#.-')]%1RF3+J;R2,H_3'XSH]8S`2ID'?PY6@RNO,H2PJL\=ZY=I&%A
M&
;HV!I$`BLW.\N70JKUB`R#B)'Q]8@EA5]TNO!_XO&)8PJ/OW4WNL[G5_
M^D83*+4&-(55%5#WNNL=E1D
V@*::T`X*`OT:W6_A)5[4+RBOH)5/0;*C#4'

MJ(!4HZ

M)#0C
<^&I;!J]9A!7NM#

M'


M3F!5#X$JT%QCT-


M$($%MD73KQ]':*U
M;11&4-52%`.IHP123BFB%TY@57=(B91!7CWF0.JQ@-:1^7RU5YU76_PT&D.U
-D(!G@C)/V]R]N7LL:C^(+(B+5/^+AW!2%^#!B%0/JP3L0H
M!E*MA%$*I%H9HQQ(M0I&)9!JC14=W^H)C%1]RF@&I.IS1@L@U5HR6@&IUIK1
M!DBUMHQV0'LM-X_\&Y


H-PKNUFL*J-8B


0&'5N#V


M'.3FB
QXSLD18^[5$8MD24(7V:Z]!PR&@X
5SL(C1@&CD%'$*&:4
$H998QR
M1@6CDM&8T831E-&
T8+1DM&*T9K1A
MM&6T<Y;(W+)=4Z.&'
O1RI4?[76_(BK6-70B%'`*&04
8H9)8Q21AFCG%'!



!O['IP.UPLD_!-+'02-%JN4[C&'D.O26]!.U@L
42!UFBHX[
MS&%4=T@+JH5:P6$)M'?H'L'_D\7?*U[\M:C^(#^0;O8(2)8-])CUO&6Y0*VP
M12&0:D6


]M#JU!^P
S

8



GJME-YD#FP_/`IV



C%:;Z!/PIWF
HZ25%`E25MRO_]G:*]C;G


M#B=;'H;62*M;8/OA02__*=L0[6U9%9WB/(:1.D\@7I76'I]KJWA;ZWH&W;8M
MSV&DS@O7^8T_GDJT']ER]]B?MR!SQ0LR%CF5M;(2U'9(K9%6IP!2BD(@K7V1
MHN/J


MSV&DZ@6CTD'N
`%2JF

.[!6K3.U$:3T`CH`0I&Y
M&'B3Y!`61ZJ








M5_:Z





=Z;LV'4%A-OMES:[Z'PBWRI:/;I-&/


MVACU3/K
&EOFTC)O;%E(R[+1ST+\+!O[I-(G;6S)I5K;,FEI6CTDXN?HK%/
M*7W*QI:QM(P;6S8=J9;R(7?.@YVT[!I;[D3MKE%M*W#QI:1M`2-VS.2[0D:


JVW95K1M.21U]\S;+[(28;PDRR5IF]:[8](@/P3F4PD655O__[/[]\N
M_KA[?+I_^/'N
GFSN+RX^_'QX=/]CR_O+O_G'_G?KB\OGIYO?WRZ_?;PX^[=






M+*)=\U[JD
M\KWR




(I\]P[B:&E8TGIR77YR;



P/=)V;&-1O136$PVB376NC#
M81IT`R(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`M$`Z('U
E*QT;SA#5F=]E%7$^
`DRD
@*9`

B`Y
MD`)(:04@-I@+1`.B!]3)1@-+S.$




M5TR+9*W[*V



9
AR@4%
M[T5`T]Y+


GN!N
M4(F5/R
:=QM3\M=B
7=&#1N11F'NY6N=C=^)=U9DO=O`W
M^)N+K3'&%:IPI

M\-4AZ@6-C$97VYZAL2^%J9\E
SXD7!W3+#=DYF9I%O$'L2)A!RN4G5T%[YFT





MY8P!Z?=?U(#T2`W(`4T/F=1MIKHZ
5Q_AB@7%(9



GRV/YCI;!479BBA%E'*

M!:(2486H1M0@:A%UB'I&_CF2UMX5$_^^]KXDB6]
;@/%+9H5X8;$[Z8Q%:S
MN]`I&TV_F!0,0D_P&86N+T(LL2I#PXG7D(*!M*G138.H#0TG7D,*!N*Y5VYT
M+[ER).ZE$Y.*KUY4=WCDJHRA.S;V0S&'%5O1XG:PPM'!1K2&XRP(F=70T6^



M$ZL7@XE8NA-=S7C&*/8EIAK%7'7J46P2Z[!B*_HSJ74J1N%Y2L;(K0V'=AOL
&3&IMG!/*RX87Q2=@BE;*3&)GN_/KZ9N?\7%I
9+!_

M2#/=C[9./W&3Q6)\Y9&YR9J'

40?^E':A5B5(![X



V;!6O7J5AN
9.

;M:+HY?@QC

QFHP5BLH7%=G8UV;Z^I/Q-*=


M(F[










MJC
(K:`0L1-?.J*]H8K55$3=VV2E)N+Y]=36F9OQZE&TQWQ@*T+3
MM[=4C,(*-4.4PJ/?0I$I:#@JT)4PJ^&D2MH.K0]0+PD=(6U?KPZWM[/'C


#&M\&3)

2&%:(:





79BC=`LH0Y8@*16BE&-J$'4
M(NH0]0II_5Q!'.L7H]S?]B!_VHL-PRTMEJ=PBE4RD*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5
MB!I$+:(.4:^05MM5K;':)[+5%[DJ6QG%V0HHW0+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J









YALS-?U5(%*_%5*U]:U?
JD#U6((STX7V6R@/
M8D53VXQ\WKO[CN_!%^(8E?RH?K5?@??)\
F\^_RAU


5^?LL<YA
M9++6;J=+P_FL]=Y5UC+RB90L=COC.9?X$XGDWYL,X:732FD7;I5(`FVL+\)

*7A?


O$\:C;[G;K_=F7LO%9NJ.X;-/K.+OW!I8B%@)DXB;]=;^V&XM
M-E



M
-
)9B90DIG-Z
\PO
:F$6^FIVUN&J*2S
QT5#
[DMQL1G]&HQJ]72UR3EK[




%`I+YFI
M&Q$\OAS
I@:JY.5P'M'T`%%)X-&HYBY#FK/95%33#:[&B;OA5%[ZFDCK[9G.







3

!(?&(D/C


8R0F

=WEQ_H
M=GY#OHZ[?D.3X=C2'3M6'WAL[8X=M\;PV,8=.XX/+9UQX[U*![;N6/'K0=[
M['IUXSXB2]T(1^A$Z



-9RA.+2E3[__^?IR\6.S/VQW














UFNP0N%T0



M


M.:(48FH$DCZ3VVQ!_A/[\AM_S5(+(F``G7F0?ZSI$)$$:(848(H190ARA$5
MB$I$E4#2?VK'/
M`JEL(EVF-M@#7*;WX[;+&C0C/[6KH+=PSAI\548K-])'*[5TA`(6HCUL*S0?


M0`Y8B)2U0E/
G
;6;%P?5GOCZYNIS*U(ZYG2SJ;5XQJ+V5C?B!(6ZAU1JJ7T


E8+QGIBU]
9LZ:7['$?-BEFD?-626:W&YU&ID
M%@'W,(\%^B(\8'SC4FH49OQDZ5SH9&6Z
]XUMQG/F$A8SZ5YN?CF7-=V3G6




MC7&D!3Y(93V\/NL)6D^E]=ED[%Q6=H[UG!7W62]8R%Q[*:VKGW$XYJL/S
M)



JA11QLAHSPTZK;U@(:.]1%0QJK5+KZO#%-OKOY9X
MS9&
F(P&T:)K1C\?.SM:7S73:OW!RJN%S.H3ZGYZY;VF[:*C.=(2'RR]9YA/




1O;*9E!/0K&0M;(A
MBAA9*YM!I[4G1HC7GA11AB@WZ+3VP@BQ]A)1)9#T.D7JWY`O2HN3+PUR%CSG

MML


<W;+Z1XO@+$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E
J$)6(*H&D2U659:\`'X1D4Y3964['
MY




M7X3;

VN@Y[I5Z2KNKY9I:NOK0(]PK]4@P]J$GN5?J
MR6!JN6KSB]YM^K[^NBG7^Z_;M\/%R^:)EKMQ_0W%OGD[:O/'4?]*^
ON2&\U

`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`X



M\WJS/OZJ1?N][6H6O^VJ_?)Y`_?]TW*7*]2N_V#RV_5J7QVJU^
=R`UD0_D]





ME/@-(136

](P$C(2

MFL0(&*34#0$3UF;`%('E02/IZ'QR

A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4



MO2&7\[#PP5#
Q=X0.LANQM`:DT@OE-6%[I!2XW&]4;*'EFOVEZ]4P`#=!UH8
M4:B1[E7:]9&6$ILR\.68OF)M@
*)%D:4:M3N*]-2RA?9DN3:`(4++0S([$FQ


(V39SA


1(#R-Q+A

]1@$@72*A1NWJ$1EH]YBA!I-53C=K5
S32
XS])3W<Q(C0_]B=$/\)


M$1A-NORGU_C/4$G[SQ$I_\.).R:36X$F+?[-VA-'
C?4GCS!
6I/(J/V3J@]


HYRCPD!F_
3I0W



Y]%;5IW@W`$Z%GAY.6+ZX
+?OX
'F*#88#R

!]?G/8
X<70

ME#IP9_H)5PP.'T!+WA\+-_*?+E_6^\.O4WYIT\K'].W

M\(H'Y`$\T@ZO\I3PP]%0_&+]6E5'_$




O+S=5Z.UO.J:VI)BMG0C_9Y&H[


M/S\L-HMWUW_2$KYWFEO4S'W%@15FO1K;2(-8@T2#5(-
@UR#0H-2@TJ#6H.F
M`ZZI:]O^I4GQ_]&_QL;T+_?
+8-.AZO.9`5?$FD0:Y!HD&J0:9!K4&A0:E!I
M4&O0=(#7F;1.O

@/=
]H^Q'7M1'1_:$7[Y5+-QE;$'1T!



Q]7:CZV
M(AZ$@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*(60D@-I.D2KWMI
7K=&\Z41NWWH24K28L:1!K$

MOUK2N3M7#[62MS[E&GLW5?3)O7V?7HG5E4K9DN)VJ]7'M
MJ

9S%6
MF7GRYX?E?+E6C26LH-M;ZZ
;2Z=$E+%3


MX+A%+)(9&-*$*6,0NX9B\0]1U0@*AF%WL6B7N-J/&0/Q!F7_:&@7#;.&GN


M6L]8)*WGNO69NBT44UHOV3B\CN&]UZKUV4Y59LU(Z_[X4Y[TQG\DX1JYJI
L
M6ME/'LQAZ

MO4;4


M9RM:RSTJG@-*'.JXIX*&W3.TRA$58L4U0BEHV+UJQI1(U:PY33G/K^.6E[

9H%K9O7T_;BD7!B&H5T7*_4'N)QBF&^LA?O.;L`J;+





MG2XU&E8
1.0O7FH


0RDUXQ`[IUM^Z^99/;_U8DKK)1N'6J]8)*W7JO7Y0I=;(ZW[


C9H\%GDKN47R!O4Q062R

W7-$A5AQ8BH%#;M7:%4C:L0*RBVJM&$T)I5;YD+5

M!:&4E4X)*&.G8
K*63444
&4$#EE(`J=@H&5+-J**&!0





V3.*A?1G+Y\

0</N%5K5B!JQTG6O61ZXDL]?

]:C$P7SV/;IS99%4?K%#?-B+GZT[@;F;M)--
MGU*D;!Q:@QF+I/7<;[WGL_4IK9=L'&J]8I&T7JO6\;/UD=;]\:?6O?$?2=5&
MK@;:(N]6V:+ASH^63B2%8XPH821E:2IHV#UCD;CGB`I&XEX*&G:O63N-:*&



6K3WKYPF`*
M=:*1%

)PE:\4P+*VF8L7)6#054L`44#DEH(J=@@'5K!H*
OPM4KDQM]=2-
@D+2MB'(%W\-BUZKK?H^2&?%P+QWF6%\QD[2?
Y
M([OJ^AY29$6H^=*)PJ44.TGS-2/7?





AO__





+WTK7;_TISMPZI?;LZF#_P

9.M.ULG6`_D[.*`X+3'1:$`BJG


M2.O^^.MSAY$
87?E7JJVJ+.+.ZQ;)`L+\[(3R0TRYNL$)8RDED\%#;MG+!*K






::KUAP4#K








^




P&5L1=XR!I28

FX;'':OT*I&U'CN_FCH0Y!P5;G%DP^'_)./
MC7Y(@^D]]0N11P(ZRX5=.PN$Y(`2:=89W!9#J0`4DZQKNR&DC3)7[_F[.`




MR&TPD:=.%/PX-6



*$&4
M(LH0Y8@*16BE&-J/&0WW^ZA#;K8K



JR


R:WO%7IHF-SZ7CEL



M$.B*KI8`;.?QRU-M@J.I+68\W&4$O)JL%]C0N\-F3`-Z.N.@[+3IU/$OEH=4
MHV#V
1R.IK:FR0E--TT(8JX_W-SZ[E2F`4V=D8:?!]?$9?*5(^'#Y+*U)8T
M/2$)KW.CT2^4;T[93*F`4D#`X&0J7-94G\@X/1#WK:DV0E)-XT$TI\)E6E`

U:6^L%9^-A
MQW7MD\7&+#YN_0\L'@7=L1]4[GBNK)3%@#DJ+Y(TJXMYT**`Y
/V(31L'.7/
M!%9
!F_7$=8S%D(?'X#9K9?6]7\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!%N+%A



PV5W\%G;

MI*NS[N6U_9+3NH44N[(J^8=

TM=EWE%&
M]]R#=+XB.ESSTE_ZD&F[+DI8@2B[TY']QOV&5BD.77^[E@7Z69(3TWX[[$A/




M-(_&N?AJ7;)
3QG/MNN.GASH/6#.VDQT
EI!9E&?\'_K`X41
=]$D`P%-`-1



M971S+W-H965T

X$H;O%]AW
'P_L67YD!A)!AU)U`&[P&*Q


?F./SU_J]_





MM*SF\7!T?UL[Z#_;S8^C]__!\67_(S]L'_^V?=N0MRE.'(&O^_TW%BT?&5'G

M[U]I`/3O8+?EU/K'ZO/W]L'T\O=\/)XFJV&






MN@2U%V]2]J.

M#4$6`A./`1%


M*$MK0RV9T*3RHQSKB9`T4LY!*9`
B`&2`RF`E$`JGRCC*3=[&
_2VG@A7I2!
MI$`R(`9(#J0`4@*I?*(

M`)`
B`&2`RF`E$`JGRC'T*B58\XO^BRMC1?B900%$@&Q`#)@11`2B53Y2A

M/TO.)T-D*RK:!ITU#PYYZ8`H190A


B?XY.;13C%&RDW*=((4(;((

MGKCP/6OQ3\9.&E1BBA#9!#EB`I$):)*(6TS5T+.9AKJ)RNYU$U^FV:-FM[
M$H4D!9(!

9P]R(B%UC3]P


M/K/@2L8U?^!(93QMD3V
KZ5UF24H]@
R#T:4N'X?C



)

MJ3^U+7%(PV!;%`0[$HB'3\)MJCR@VV1F\2+Q2Q8QHUHOBS<YC?!Y\L62P=
MK-,63=OB*)DTJ'/QEDK0O6^6:/

I-BAB=+X
3()2S3B)2Y(X#BJJ\TE<2P?&VM+*
M7Y1$BM9<#LA+XD1&8<PB7G)#9

M5*J%-)^X`JEAQ]L0:-B+Z@-=!(#2A%EB`RB'%&!J$14*:1MYI*EA\U2!GF;
M;VP1W4FZH:(4D09(H



-[XFS5LKI


M/




A'.!*EDO:U6I#@;F@B$ZV#JA+RB&)%Q
WE'K@D&[16O1Q
MOJ1.R,]&4=4BXZ3\;&PN^+'V`ON5BJ%M%^X7N_A%Q8/=G)!_DX.*)TRA`9
M1#FB`E&)J%)(VTR9UL=F%@]L%D057K,,T0U@\#@UF39B;JE($66(#*(<48&H
M1%0II/W`)7N/V+-XX`=!?NP!I5-`&2*#*$=4(H150IIF[DH]VUNSV%[_H)@
M:LM[51\(M(BJ,`3U[,]!$@198@,HAQ1@:A$5FD7
0W+
I%YT^S:G&=%@YY
M:8$H190A

MH!2E

M4D09(H



M*&MO
S.4


M*?6A0Z^.$4RI#QT#=;60K^FPI*N%?$UG!!TM
_(U!:ZKA7Q-]X\=+1&UT`_7



90Y6AZ8'E6G/`6J*TY?ILLOM3@D!XH?EWAHU^I+/DW*!T]
MR(B'3B


``/__
M`P!02P




+32U]%/OLYKA\KCX!C]9/EQ=W2K
*XG


1$);@2P()0@DB

MU
D[

Z+&T%'7
EM1LXH9L?93BD`5`0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')


N$#F*
M'*4XE@&0$$@$)`:2`$F!9$!R(`60$D@%I`;2`&F!=#9QXD3=C!
G?P^FI-U@



M(:H1-8A:1)U&]`CIMMW@JF4CKN'/#6Z_^*09


M
H=::GY]V'B:W=PL;L0
--(B


M=_
%YF;+X7YZ60&.3??

MC3I8'9JXVX.TNE+
W'OD='5S
H3NR%$@&
M)!^CNH#+2B`5D'J,Z@8N:X%T-G&#3'V/$^03G8D2%Y'MT9+<AQ$YF*H7ZN=

IV^L=FGR0'5[&`CZ'



B![!
MN^F:L)!1E2+*$.6
?-H+%C+:2T05HIJ13WO#0D9[BZASD!MPM3-J3YU.C*K]


:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:(&48NHTXCF


M/KVY78DSIFR


M3D0L0K5QK!Q9]/$8^PEK
O931GS:2W]1*$ZW

M?




6
H-VBA%#/R


$[O]U1DTNFI3DP.

M#J6N0Y
/F+DC'



:OVX
M$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E,J$)6(*D0UH@91BZASD!LZ*F\G=?*2(F+`4`CNXP`





J$)6(*D0UH@91BZASD!L+
;^K8I<((_71&']^_H?8:5V;9F<V8/9#7
_4=HKM

M/2

G



M

SE?/U&Q.$E?:&17+*``I4)$$:(848(H

MRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZASDQD*N4%3%KNA+;DY]:-
URJ,=,'*\R73[!2L
MF3N[CLGI^HFQ3GZ0B.[8`$%*!4BBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:+.
M06XLU
)A_*18O8(C-@$ULJISC2A`%**$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J$-6(&D0M
MHLY!;BS4PL&.Q?@AME]RV!M/Z@-O^YVEPU:Q/.4RS4[%FKFSX]E23M?]%7L0

6($D0IH@Q1CJA`


MY



M^8*6&;7
AK0M21MMT0S86=+WWM.&P5`+::-%XE#+G%H.+^Y)#Y9+:CDD/+2L


-`R


&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T<R]S:&5E=#,R+GAM;*R<77,:.]+'[[=JOX/+]VLS,S`*\E6#//^4EM;



O_::'`F-)&0F.$7HV1*+Z;3$=10#Z'%.C2*]'
XIM'V!:&/\?`59F5(`Y,H\,
M;,1#$4R68)6E!(D$J029!+D$A02E!)4$M02-!*T#O&!2JGC!/+YQ\*)4TA]O
MZ5]W44[]*#UJ(=J%.$P+($L@9`42`8D!U(`*8%40&H@#9#6)5X





;\BIJ:/


MJWA3BO=5=1R*;C*Q4KR=I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH0M091U:2A^K%7[?K_'GO3
M]+NQURAT8QC$(M*+PC2_M1'&J=#\5Q=_$9CH*Q/U^)L4(=B9ZPXPRZXM1
M;A75E2I9CGS+A15@G1+-5(AJJV@LB]O#Q@JPY=8SX\^2ZOG=63J272.ZE/!
M'!%L/!X#C=1AJP]T
`K$J!8L1M'KQ7`^CUK/F$]BU)$&:-I/T\Y(ZM8(H1

NHJK66Y+N
CLF7H\YZPV.H&`I
M
X(XB**1N`HJ669H!!6.H&:]P1$T+&5&
)F'X4R
H&69$R/PU@&=YJY9!YVX

MWD:S

KP]X\R?2GE_:76@OI6E=:TBW)N
M/!HD,UWN;ZPY-`U+(T29SN831J*0B%D+.:NZK&L$9D=!-O/6=&Z+!@)E^+W
M.26+#;JLT&7-BM9EPTBX%+_7:%GLE$M_QBG45Q3Q4(F+J=5H[)Q?C!2ATQ5T
MR4*VVTP0I8RL]0Q1SLC:*A5C*RME'-R-IJ$+6
.EM^1-5)U]T6?RV'S'G9


@1!.-Q)!J4]LP(_.6ASO9#R^-?V_=3

M8+=&XI1_?P6H*P
WO7YMGS





I$[ZX`6<@N
M^KVDRBVY,#0ZUQRYHFQ=IO.T@BY#2$CTQ.0K&;IQPHG'2NYGU;A-3C]OQ

D0[XJ]%6SGBTG#2/C:SH3GZME@1.^_,E5EP3NY)Y);WVG
MX/8I%`8UL=YNU*.CJ\O,F!&RC5?IBQ*&=DF+D.4
[**!:*2D;55(:H965L-


MHM.!7;*0[;P21DCV\5EB')&UE:!J&1D;56(:D;65H.H980=(07C^@OY4MG

M$2M#(QH



GOI]CEM)Y8F

LA/Z)4_KV(_EIR*LB.322A4V4

M)2
HV+H903BEJU`Q@I)EAD90X0AJ@]P2J


M[8.S=X%HB2A!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U'K(CY\ZT
I

CGC[0LVZ.\-D#/:+E)\_T)-(CO`QDK/V
!WZ'O(
M#^K;O


MY\W;@;5M5Y]1MUWNOWU_^VVUV[Z1BJ^;E\WQST9IO[==S;.GU]U^^?6%QOW+
/!R?;_O!Y&I\/0P\$N]]71^.\4:I[/=6WP_'
MW?9_K9G5;5*`JV$?FHEHRM_.O;&$Z7D3


MO%\]RJ/&IOK/948]S@CUG\L&ZE$2M59--GTRGAZGD/K/I8/E+/(^FT:#M@B:

[.KKO?*BNE):OB@UMWV*-U7.

YTHL6$(5K5(;2A!)$$N02)!*D$F02U!(4$I0



C*KJP2A!)$$L02)!*D$F02Y!(4$I025!+4%'!^I


MU(9::$1[@&YN'/EB08Z
%$^.
:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$M4:M(US?J^VW7=%_

ZH6`(U=%*J4-&


IB*78I:B'=JY^'=]



LW-31L949DR9U)A-


M*Z*/*U(+F3*)=#MWG9T)[3%+G2V3Q/3!!!(L9EI*E\G$&XDRR4\9PT!VXV5;




R&A/$*6
C*X

MZH0E8R,K@I1S:C1Y7I475G82UJS6YFH=ZTNN.96%ZK2T2URYL?93*P/]WP


MV$=7?7Y[M6%OAC1R:K&5(F2B(]T3ZG9C
]=$B&+4GB!*L6&&*






R



)`&2
M`LF`Y$`*(60DAM$]=E\B2C5FW[S/VIEP\#/.`P


34



NBB3G\CX6WYM*Z6^Z?-ZZ'WLGZD1!\V
&PO=V]R



M'6

M-[
\UW2[F8R


Q#A(=I#K()*`X`K:]XHCA_
5C@4A#II)B



=$0C4GL2](GVP1.CI
M96S+4W-,*H2XZDRH!J)X$4H4Q8NT3)B1DJH]EKO7;05&P7UTP+LVE`.T2!*
M5.=2`L[E
_`960@2


-0K0N9

M]SV)6


1



21I


0HPBC&*















C
]BRO_KT^AJ_.'B+S%-WZN86\8
W(B9CI!S


M4/E0^]#XT/JP\&'IP\J'M05.4L5\[B3U\!V.'J


X;VGV@R[(:\/1OBKW#.0]J'T&;QRYNF6U


M`2DD1:28E)!24D;*206I)%6DFM206M*M2M2&N'G
YY)2^.=N=\(Z_J@FL-

MDK0BK1UR4RWO0DY(=7?38D\^\M

M%)




QW5.[OI(/.27J!H=+E[
W-P
M
[[QQDVH(IQIS)\W(UVS&;NQ)K.SY



C<2H8ZR.RPO:.88=/6Q)K/'1-?5
MN\=41_7N








MEK0@+4DKTMHA-Z^GK5V)E\20UXZLZ^M

M#))#D@)J2`UI(&TD`5D5E!UK:X*90+0W8*_]';ER.UO&1G5I%YS6BFHU[Y




MIJ+DV]+[*+^IYCK(#).`%)(B37VUQSK(U)YHZBN7ZB!3+B/EI$)37^VE#C*U



MMH*L;7$[I%SNM3ODL:]/CV5!;\;KZ(W7IU7!-V8\597I^($N9R@D19KZ1G&L

Q4E/F7=_27PZQO_][1R%2'?4M[7X]\^%'IG?4=4
MZB!S)A6I)C6:^FIO=9I?:&IK]Q2!_6VTTI%B??A93MY%\:UWOI*&[F=^+0U
M]#'7T#69!?,9:4X*2$I(L6DA)22
E).*D@EJ2+5I(;4DA:D)6E%6CODYE6N

1)DAO^H*6!4
M2(I(,2DAI:2,E),*4DFJ2#6I(;6D!6E)6I'6#KFI%ADZ)=4RW!OBNPA#)K+
M14]9T$0%I)`4D6)20DI)&2DG%:225)%J4D-J20O2DK0BK1UR\BK_P*.35_.(

2DAI:2
E)
*4DFJ


M4D2*20DI)66DG%202E)%JDD-J24M2$O2BK1VR$VU7*DZ(=7=PI;]9XC$W_GR


7`^_2%)@`?6D*3<6W#.6P@G3*)JO<%ZH+WNR%TFG_B?X.@H
M$;R_



FMDS$EMT?T

M;2QJ$Y_P']HB:A



MI]OQ_-EPIG'
O'QA;AZ'E&
T4DN:@[X_F;/YP_@[S1L;;K-$&T.U6`D+-DDP
MMY8.;!TX.G!UX.G`UT&@@U`'D0YB'20Z2'6026!


Q`)B`W&`N$`\(#Z0

IDH
:1K\3@_)SK%6=.9$2


MY&V-VN0%8@-Q@+A`/`^D`!("0$@-)@*1`
IDH.I-`5^C
K%6=.9&2%X@%




MT^;BSDI4M!#9B!Q$+B(/D8\H0!0BBA#%B!)$*:)
0:KP;!-SA?!\SR
++V^#

@6I*K
-S!4J\_V.

H/2_G.1E:[092STHQ]K\_8O!Y-[ZW5



M+JW15#MTMB_QY`@CQ=
$QG9S/SH
9PIKI1[W



M3K]#GWL/A%'G/404=1YCQ$E`G6^4D290#UCGT;=-;%AYEIL..HV]L3D(7(
[/PW+=+O87(1N0@<A%YB'Q$`:(0480H1I0@2A&Q#_RZ;C?-Q_L-1_[


MY+7U()I7U()^4XK&=&B270
GJ7[:-S=


M%$_FP6P13B)H1SMN[(-PD!BQO;%*_O%-42O*8[72[JFEF[56!P3SAF[34'=[






E?*=@_`3/KWZ.8O

M:&5E='



M&HC&G+=7VRN
].'=ISMD(+)?/.X_O[_\J7G;S:Z;RZL/[WJ%_O=N_^/)_.^+



M#W0&(

EH[LZK/EF^E2]@



279]L^KD45[B+T]\DF?%/
QR5`AS:S1U)XM=C:J:!B/J*(KY

:H*EV`.HIBFK+E


MH_.6V1A55V2`.HIBFN(#I]





[_J18HT99(]01


M(.*T3.SEO





M.X6UVG$Q=NP4XH[UG


_/$36+LYC'9#5`





ME+C
&:]0M]%D%&)-_9&Q1HV:1J@CB/E/
IEM-!F%K*;19&)41Q!SFF0RVV@R

*?&=\SX/W4;?



OPV5

M1C)&(TKBP

Z%N&JPL765C
93')JIKK
MZ%4C1OI&MTKBP



]P18
^I/?+@HP&*.V32#TCL'B%EQ%);1'SL;
M[6IEC!C(CL-!6D=VFD'I[0)$UIK

?TGL'

4=VF@_I;0(DH_42E3%@8!8PR&@QQRSQH7-\
M7B\;(



NAA]_9&TJ6&J
M);*PSJ196
QE

ALM9T5


-EPS)8:SE'E5@2$J60@.W95#&0MQF3[6PE.



4+B9#9*WQE*U`KSZHJD/A$`=F%G
*.]
ZLJ/JQ0;$K#@)G@:S
M4

12[O:'35B(#L.%V449Y@@8S$2(FO-164
&&0
&)A9S
GHC$F\_\R%6@R%


60,60

M@6#)*F8ECEB+J[FAF7X254R+

?
F=8Q9L4VB%G!
(_F@0_'*;U#P:[4B.'B
MRG&XL*7V=QA





&9@$#
XLY9N(#


12+(;(%JTMR



R;(6R&9+2V4W8O8JA2@MF(0XW+EO

4LLZ\P/_/42!F(]FHR5

LV0R:U?*L


M`@9F%G/
9-LWS&1=GO=/+NCUT1Z-!6[*L/)5;O2JAR[ZDP@#XMQ'OU%R:/
M(W-?[F6PO[!L%*L;Z2[!V@3#;?#6MQRS:1ZE%S!8&17#-)J'.YQ.:YA*!K*)



F6[MA


_\C3RZ[47Z]@
`PS$@<
MB5C
)2)6
T'BXDQ$UKJ53G[`(''`P
YH@G^Y<`RK,D8,9&V<(RL.,8%L,10B:TVF3##=$U&6:<3`
MS/9US/X\@]+K((CUZA6XGJLTT3&
-QP)(Q5PBXA`3)Z&0F2MR2BS@&&E
M!@S,+.:8R98_@5EQ&)6

`0-9BSFRX@(3R!;3(++62%3&





Q`L/L7
_26R&(\F@R9B?8A!.M=JUE*;(8
MNZKFR
)BE`7^S4+.XG5]AW!^.31B1M\$:Q




`UX#I&TR#SB(IVTR#SC;9FUK^7MX
\*HN:UM)?OA<-FT3+OBT
M,VT3+OB\,6V3]8)/_-(VX8)/K](VF5M\?I2U+24_?#DD;9,Q\?6,M$W&Q!<D
MTC99+_C20=:VDOG#Q_YIF\P?/F7/VI;2#U]I2]ND'][DIFTR#_@.5]HF\XO
M1:5M
\/7OM$WF
M`5^ISMKFT@\_:$K;I!]^/Y2VR3S@%SQIF\P#?A63MLD\X'<I:9O,`WXNDK7-
MI!]^@YFV23_\KC%MDWG`+PO3-ID'_)`O:YO+/.G=&F;S`-^GI:US:3?\%8G


.&EG;M?3#[3MIF_3#A3996R/S


M0.N\IERC#[[.D




MH]HQI@-PJ-0\W&E=3Z-(93M64M43-:N@LQ&RI!HNY392M60T;VXJBRB-XU%4

M+[A^:4S#H




M*#E:&9/T:#(`^F

MZT
^AN


M\S-;


MHT;3G=J%'NGN.:P);
:.*9$!]5_TX#;$Y[YC!4,KEE*U84*LC$'D]R*3P+Y^KYE'F?XC'

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`M:)E0
MA@@``




KA8/-6

O^RK-7(PK

W._/@*[T0+/5LOMTX#N

(P[

;=NLAX
ML%8SW8DQEC8AG-#7`@(YUJ)_-%KN=F[HHM2^-'J@6#[8GB*-C[EC]8B]LV3



V8F60T1(CAPU)-IQ#I!F'.;

Y'#4XYC*]71BF07K
]7;3F7^P%N!\O\%ADHT=9I.UNE04I_:7




M$07B%KC40=(VMAVD%
@HD&L`


M/

MW;(AJ;1F1`M'KVMN
XE5A\B1


/8EU&&'!W0TY:'VD5L]G


MO1N[3Q9:-[A/U66Z^ZB=ET)QVM
7[J]HRJ




BAL0-HL*%
MCRQA$BE#


.$K@BGQ:

MOZ\&F_)-?F0SAQO*#E4?`
5B`:\Y(6@(GHH%O



MI/C9__M1;;JWQ[F)[Z(D




MH:F+A/91R8-.'VG-JCE3$K;K?4'BL5#W;&._D
:&0(F)
3]*4A?D,@][C+OEXR6&74RUG[H3DYE)1*#NTORDMB\6#L%I42F8;


MC#-W4D.8WU@N*%`L`B
J(E-'%7


7HIRY+2^T


M


M!'+N0B8S175R(9CES*I$7)99%T/M



72*YS/EU143ZAH*)I!YD&^6T##


H7SA(*&HJ`SS002'K6U/`+*.22*=#JJ



QH\]\PRP]2.

M&FDF-#(2&XW
@S!W*AF%0`5R



1`_
#).[*)7[VUP`3#ZK.6`,8O`W@03KC(


MR%$_MAZ.4

M9QZ$W-)@=-+%[!/!60Y@P7'N0F]OZSDAB)$,FQRXJ$S]/G-/(CLU4=7++W

NTIIY$+X23]5*2%3.
M[(DBK[)\VO$F.%Z%(3DYQ1#PZQ7\N&-7-J]E7FZW[6Q=O[LO4Q2\ASU=Q:]F
M


-]6'/ZX.GI_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`
M```A`+*5VN=L!```-A


^)F5$#GP
MJDAJN*R.GCA7+-DW-Q6Y1WU_[A5)5KJ8854]DH
?#EG*GGAZ*5A98Y**Y4D-
M_



M+GG]@U__8MGQ5





*9`2NV\T+^X-Z[Q&F3NQN;OI6`J$JS:3HM=E%P\`=&ZC
M+)[8/-[T*P6R&U9/4.=D&/R#[PP6I_?-IU&^5,$CVU93:T1G,<K(B<W).VI
M4*^:^L(ZKU&&3FR.WE$3@@;4U`_0N8TR=V)S]XZ:$-2C)GM0YS3*TDG7TVG'



MVJR\HW@$*3W9WSI5HAZ

C^SNICEDIG)P=

/M[\07/C06SNT:S%ENUX(G`P^8I*%+@4EFH$I!


ZK5HC
M7&=KFDFT\@S


C*.40N

M/TORWQEIZ'(@!1`'I`12`:F!-#$Q8:&B-6$97@G8VOHN)

M0&H@34R
HRS!XWUQV%&VMHYZ
WF*4HXH1U0@<HA*
M1!6B&E%CD/69A4WL


M?(H7A%6:^LXJI!Y0P9\E.%AQZ@&5:%4AJA$U!MDPL#0:$0914G$88G$EP*@
M/`-4('*(2D05HAI18Y#UF572)^]J*(8:@;O



:IXWI<^%$)3CTP!SR;I^9!8G5F99A:C;IR[-ENQ<HO
M5M
%_


MSND1`4[
MH!B'/.(H=N&;3=+#%^UX(LCBHPQ%?D5#P?P5*_TD

&R%HN+RIJ
3%S.9)3-

G7LU8E(G*!P


M1M089
/`.F1$&+QL

M:B!-3*RK+(


MJRBXG2MJ'_;U'QH1.46A8XFH4F0D1I;H@CI8Z7TUBGJBP]II1+EYJ16OH'./

GBVW!\M.+$XIV38+I5YL
MZ(XJ-0JG&;4.3LMPN
DL.=9IU.J$SK

=
M3]RJEZ1B%'^F4N0_4RTQW+UH16FO.3BE5XIK-ZU(E,J6?)QL5&K$[=@L\:
M

-:4$6



^QPP`\!BB+%ABA'
M5!RB$I$%:(:46.0]9FU_.7EOO#2/Y9G@OBWPE'JTU4V6(74^[&HHZ(K1RB
M$E&%J$;4&&3#D&KXX;UY@6)=49QZL0HH1ZLD4-4(JH0U8@:@ZS/J3+G??=]
H1%0AJA$U!MD0I<+Y3%F@0EX(C6P190C
M*A`Y16BE&-J#'(^LQB

VNO

M0U0BJA#5B!J#C

M


Z[




M;#:!Q'J#BQ*[BE73V1INK:UH$F02T\(:[\3XBO81TIRJLBG]?9;)W\NM.I



#3J]_




M:D2-038

)+/WTJ!U/W*I?
M72HL(`6BN2`=@*'6&HPM,24EUR]TI'U6M%IE;@B6BU.G$+-@WC%/#&R]UX


M*GQ!IAJ]U?#G









M^O9%F4YP;VLZC


*'\]@GIQ8^D




MEC


MK3HAB#:L$UF!9XQ?B&FV)0ANMK2[XWX%_FB




M4.11F*-)!I)-9)I)!\2R74H?`^X3JQA(T&Q$KYKVX#90T2-J[CR?'9

MGU`CD49BC20:2362:20?$BD:4
H?B`:Q[J/!G5@S
EAVC80:B302:R312*J1
M3/YD$B.P@H^XBQEAVEQ.E[C;Z4;302:B322*R11.I1C*-Y$,B.0II^(C

MZ?P8813Y0DJG=]Q3.V)[(7D3B?ZX1:QJ)1E)Q%^E40-6553/Q/U?-AQI2
M;$C3)`7G2A@:^=1Z
WE
#!$6OM!;BCMTX9;0:8+*W7A0VX$*RF
W/%8]BYB
M5I-Q'U3HR=7G3\PL7.@(A(XZ6






L2U@^V-?48Z9Q1=;X([A4WWX3!E^-E7W:/[%

M1E=*





$99__U`(?:


RYX;6RLFUEOXS@2Q]\7




ML-LLDK=]?5A__8#[_F6YZPW:;O[#S.^VFT-]K%]/#V!N)#O*[WD^FH_`TO/C
MRQ;N0(1]
/1\V
3H/]NJY_'UN^#XWO]
SIL7_+MOH)HPSB)

P202O@
M))BHP8^!0$%(041!3$%04I!1D%.04%!64+&
&$]&#!=W+Q=WG)NB%93Q
MUMQT'

UE)JX$&!T5HQXC
2
!(R$C$2
Y(PDC*2
9(S4C!2MHD12DAU(Y3=
M(11JJ!#PD.C(;R6)\-9Y#BD*S.(@RTSTC`2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4C9
M)D98H5S?$5:A;L**P5@JTIJ'C/B
!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2
9(SDC!2
E&UB!`RF
MU!T!$VHS8(K`RT%KTGEF=J_.(HRSSTC`2
A(Q$C
2
)(RDC&2
Y(P4C9)D8


M`9/$U4]7GP*`@I"B(*8@H2E(*




M^W;S;5E#






GM?^$^'?=2TH:1__&9KN3E_92;DIWSS
MM7.,_+));MUY8TNF

_UY9TCLN0
'0A7O&







4
JY%Y]3CJ#20&74H:T;415;9<%#DXK8BY`AN=-FB(4DDB<QZZI$:
MO\*&G?54B1Q=T`)$:DTR=EW;(DD:HN9*/6G&-NK3@1@MZ0XDB&0'YMYTXM*2

J-J#:J=0



NMB8:$?][[V$R.T-8S`D
M
FKGE66:M==.I4EN*WS^H3_C4D
)1O7']Z
]LAWD*4=!6S2(DZ=[ABM-39
MI015LKXZ8WL^)^F?HJ2K2UF?+N5*U*ZO

M
$


MHX*CTD!F_




M46D@







M&_@V&P0VBR06R#Q`:I#3(;Y#8H;%#:H&H!PR%4A`R'=

M/L`50IHJ'=7FEB_L.J6$J!JWA.Y-AZT;(7:8`\0%X@'Q@01`0B`1D!A(`B0%


M-HAMD-@@M4%F@]P&A0U*&U0M8-B9UIH#[RD33M+,J,$:JK\^,Z:M9*B)S=


MYETOK?5X?(&BI$O1Q)HMTT:(!YLUJIGD0(JF56NP$\NR92/$BJJV(B-D:']L


MQR=B:^


DDC(W9OD]%X9FI-F^L\S`QT

]V/1[9$IB2F?7;*N;/[)LD*1KW]

R;%GKU]?O).3

MC13&I%*E%P\N:U]P3%J.]5B@;XKS+^D]8$V&]3$FE07Z!A*Q*MI6-*/MB
D+


M*G3W-W71T/^[[RAT%ZB-]*!TG$^75H3$+-5GGX2%M'U2A;C0U97.7/5G2J37






\(4ZFFJGBD0T+W(2
MK
7R1VR6-7(0N8@\1#ZB`%&(*$(4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J#*0Z0MQ;C3`%_*8

M)-N8!-;
KI+B8_[ZJ81YS.\ID7-K9G/PPW:[$]SM*D2G(6KPUIG-FMOT.U$J
M;IT?N*SX_/


Z&KVG%V+B@]K=
`

;5ZNI%KAZV



M0A0C2AEB#)$.:(48FH


D0Y

\0V<4JR%VED2H*M5
%D/^5;8CK24B\A#Y,*$(6(
M(D0QH@11BBA#E

SBZQWT]=:2D\X

D0YH@)1B:@RD.DYLNJ0(B?$K5VF0NTL
M`N3
`+F(/$0^H@!1BA%-*$*6(,D0YH@)1B:@RD.$+\:V*`;ZHQ4U?,)C



97:F?J4*;.5VILQ6NW-&5







MOUV!/ZK1-MLE[\?FS_(SS/+]H8'EGD)$)#![^\/-ZA04!9JQ/B5


DK?ZZ8L_J4V&F.B'#KC

2$T

A!B(
Q`-`$`)*



MS\5M[W5&?


MAUL-
P@OO


_7QF2D6$A7_%O2@VZ8*'8I-#S[#(9Y]+


M

MU=9NM'-\_NN5!&/Y_8#KD#/UKB

MN\/0D%MJ9D7W)GR?QHGA

1A7DJD#OM]J:VMVYYF`$Z@#F
+.R3G??EO6S5(3
M`UOS$L*/UE]RJ[LMR7[Z\^?Q

M-X1?VV'#)Q^V?5^7

N+`X(%`_KEKP&
:

FZ05U.E.;%HS/3:I#=P)N+=6B'B(^(@$





MV7C4QH9;E+Q3*TD^L*(5X%`2',2B*%]
XBH2-M+--11QT+(RZ=&E.4D&D
MD-Y9)G2DC359J)WEPHA+%T(:B#)EL&A7IHRN0T=DD]'L]IOORPH\(NL*U-I
MP7J3KD*)B#J3E
!








(
MHQBC!*

0HPBC
M&*
$HQ2C#*


I#J+HE[D-!_




0\=%\ZN@8_%7




M&IU





M$K-][+=[VA81%Q$/$1^1`)$0D0B1N$\D1R$-/^$HL98=I63:+605NKP5.K







/(Q\C`*
0HPBC&()R3Z38KJ?%7=\)N:*SPS)4X^*
M#6'%BQ07CJJ5;/`P\C$*
`HQBC`BA^-=CS0


M^
X4L'7L



M





M:0_C_J%-LPVSW?Z#S!^*3576Y:X9@;EQUU$\YL5X
09+#W?;`D9`W#ZH\MW]

_!4EJ]$--@2!
IC
MI.VV
_!G-=CFN^QMW_Q5?OAY\?S2P'2;





0NH&AQ%IV6$=T=LS9;M7K!!Q







!0U_S47$R4+`B9Q*7FHVN:CZF0:#U!).T3

7(9
M$M8]@3ZW[C
A83W`*&1(6(\$^MQZ+(1$YB$WI)*4['52B_6]_FM)12LZL7\M





V+GAM;*Q=

MULQO;GGL_A]N^

M?KJG(2\O;K\=7PZ/_S\8-42J##++@^`O#_*NF4^6-







340YV'DH(T)UKF!:?S;_9F$`S%
M-T

MU@X









BR1'KU[D;
M]=D@7?+I!T
Z'6SM5*UJ4/-8
ATDI!TP
G@BJ%[J9AF20750YZV2@C0G4A`3
MU/-T;39HD0IKAG18;5W$'6L



M:X9T6
T6K^6.
JRE(^=O4E;:!=(&L8R=6`&RDN!/O8&F9N^S6PQ6^D&AM6JK
M%=/L/)04I)D;H:+@GY?27L


<%:9DC&R4&=MTH*TIR
.E'RG?=H9.F5BR&=

55NM*O/2D:&D
MK#1SHV%_(/A%W_BRN^4`&2FH]70.?K'BCEWMR%!2D'8A$#.J


DX
Z;Y44I#BM`Y4Z[ZVJ?B0M4PR!8]VAS6RA6:TX


ZIG874*UJ3$M'AI*RTOQ'Z=ZZ)XP^:FKM]E





J+WNFALO+9EB+YP(4)G
MB\1J54

5L
M)EXR&3
39&LH82;\&(9#5\;@A\2
'Z-TLYD4X93S8$HDS$
V4Y74PIAA'HH9

S'+?:@=F$C/



9KEMK1VN&
MB2AFS!7\'0;^$M/\^X-&WLZ?SR41GSHVC
D4\1A.%!DD4QW3H###C(1)
*
4




(


MJG9@)C'#;)QFY5-%-+-!=^`^QP?
'`9F#@
SB1EF@68-#SA.12^KAUP*\FDB
MD$C!
A'0
M4\RR,AF`R:F%4GH

M8#:HB+##D882

\+
M-'Q&AZ*<E47'UY6:W%5ND#T&+\IPF`?C!<F\.)4_F85462ELF295\=WY`+$



R$OH[]
(=/YIL&0,!L4S46C@G
M2S6K(?88SI/]\8ZI/X-#.'(BQ'QDAR(K=SW,S&$XZ-9A88Q$^(?Z]KH$&=E


BJQ4*PZQPQ!BAX&9Q`PSDH\1
MS++:*&8#)HH5Q
QA8.8P
).8839.O8)301K&Y)WO

M8_)&]1@.)0]V;`HSS$A:!+



MB]O#-_I)K`;?OOOXON#\BUWSS?4V_V:7::-5#;_GA;4(5W5MBPG]UE?_:-RW
M];\#UA]AX-NFU*]_L.7;9M0VBZ\WI[;^X;?;T%M_;R[MCF-B9(L\F%.8Z(H
MMMH3)0E8=N2VOK)-=?;0D

MT?QA4Q6US6G^L$\)VVC^L%
(VVC^4'Q';3

MY28G\



MUN0?WCH
KT?^X;V_L(W\PPM[81OYA_?9PC;*B9C+!D/B/?F@UP8#XOUSW[+=

U&.#[EU$?

`W&Z
6Y!:^
M7QBU(+=B!BOTP;?B@SXK]
&WSJ

=`G
MFNW=G.*@R6BZV!.431&+9A3')P0MQQ'1Q%%;7@.C@0*FK!=7#.DF_9+A?7

MU`(&89_M`KD3Q@`GU*%/F#L+Y`[.=PNNLT3NX.TJ`6Y@^/+@A84KG2D;-0

PU&6R!#XOI_@0R)J_\9/(WK6ICXRIV#@9Q#3L'@[B

3G&=N$:=
MXCKA:-LIM1X?X$6^I&3X#JT*0G[;%&6;_$25-'O:X7I]BYN)J?8J9T?;


$:UF!V?KCP.S\8#^!V?G!;@)S$.XE\&OF

)OTGV
_#SZP/_W@Y?


`4$L#!!0`
^VXW=U&VNV&[4QF

Z[I[RW?N6HDWCI$;@Z^'P39DF3PK1P2
X.JQ&X%_'P=/V


_!?J=2
D<[I3D<+#Y?CH?]O_31IZ1TB(3
M(T*_+'+YP5-S






)`&2`LF`
2&5&V[KPBI
MV:4W0]K<N%<WPRM5,U):[/41Q0@A%%B&)$:(4488H1U0@*AWDQD_MKJ^(
MG]Z

M*^)G]N;-_--H5D_RE:KB4O@L\8$$0$(@$9`82`(D!9(!R8$40


E\^0D?48
M663%I

/::
K
?




K*^T:`AYRXL

FH9('4+TAR@EL#3$[4Z\N:.Q79TZ6FD'KO5



MX&?%1_8-F\]:=G\1

1Z93;^YQG





^&TWJ


C-'%6D:.[;
M9.;\=OCHVD@W]G



KZ5:RLW6C)
\9&2+1)%%5DSN(&(V

T]=&/=-5:-


M_Y9RLZHCBJ6=47.(S/VO/6O?6


MDPN.ST9T4:Z-\
[66)ER\W0^%Q$.C8$ZZUI&^HK85U^'8C;J[5`B.C29RIKC




MI0N9QHARE*]4`2



MUKOH^*Q%6Z%Z9K1LK74GZ)*BKK#36_G\-&29CJ5(/S2ZI$
Q*_5V*&$KTR'8





JAXR6-



O4%-+6Z_I
MO5UJ:?-#K[8OU


`

M:&5E=#





#(1ZVD-EVG`R


M0?.T3_NHZ(K5HL&?&M022

K1@5@&$AE(923@?P,,7
MP1PX?_^'.42&F




::^*&(20+H)N`;)/2+68$

V'JN257G/S^S(+!T/
)!I
B8/ODQ\

M%HPGS:S@_/T2T]-%CQGDTM]FI!U=C]#MG(LXJ?^9VMNQ4:&80Z-Z
D*WU5-.

X*(305TU)_`ZW&'<\0]D@N'J
M=/4O````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`4U#/H4T)```+,```&0```'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970V,YX;6R<FEMSXCH6A=^G:OX#Q?L)^


10;I='ZG_]MGFO
MVVB[U37A=LO#UX_W/U;5[IU/&^VF^./)FB_MUO=QZ_[ZK!\WM)]?[?<Y:J-


^M^F_*RU__?JM^HS/&S6V69?DMLT3F($GJOJJY#&:X&H\0!:!\T(_.?0


M(`[U7GUOW]G3D34:WQ#%55'H\Q3EZBY09YO[H

OM'3ME*B^5G1S!0M6I%XND1HCP.?

MBT5G1:XIBL^*F/



M`$)M#H##YMFYE

&T6AB:T60\&8.;GJF9N1

MCE)
M!89FYCK.!#2AKG$=UQV[H(D



M9LSGX8RO[$JE&0W$`^(#8$0(@,9`$2`HD`Y(#*71BNBE*O.MG4M6A+21

^N5+J+LEU'/-#X0`(@(9`(2`PD`9(R8#D0`J=FZ*(ND&%V5-96[A




MB8#$0!(@*9`
2`ZD4$2ZZCA3X\69:2HOG:Y;\VU9IE):_$U7ZG4X(K7F_F
M14FZ$?`^$`(&0$@

MSM
%$`^(#R0`$@*)@
1`$D6DRV[SJI?G00JM
B`YD$(GIJNB'KI^#K9E^62F
M
[RE52K=5RB[0.

3UU]</%-'V?#;@U5



2`ZDT(EAK_CUT+#W\D3=R
T=+FT:^*\S2M7EZ`*(!\0'$@`)



.'1C;D619
MA&_)(@ZQNUJV_OSB;*\&YT@58O]9\O2!UPS
AIA

M`7R3*&49W97ZN]A_83PO-*0=0$.FKT7Z$C.5@*%`X_B!84I$0+@BIN=@88




*EV?FGMKUN@Z#)3GF9
M-K/JFE_@ET-5EVD+7^MCT%SK/-UW@\ISP



E!E]^K\
ML/

M



M!_5LH%.^/C*V6CP$7V%Z
TV*)T@V(^D9:BY57$$!B0#\-2^T'
($D-60&DR9

MD2);&2%@9@176@U7PJ3H*$$!:06..CN^\4ILB4.`2(N(N+H*$$!:06.&AM

-DA!0W(W7$(+OF[9E2@TAF

M#ZA6HQS5=(UTL5]5C2%
U1210P#H

MG)%T$DTP%6/@$9$FQU:L/
M0K+;_V^N5H=


M3EOUFM0Q9L@:%\F:+*-$
\8U(1Q$FH@M7;G=^Z6C1Q+IU-98[Z2FKZVIKPVL


M]VW/?







;_[VF

*P-'4OPA&^3*;[@6WC
Z?(EW\+33L#(1\_+BFQ_R/






7+S<?]L^WKV\




OWUXIWNZ(W-CMY__#K8O]_1$2<V[^<IHNM]])P?HW[/'!Y
:

3/?MN^O$8/1N7YV?T?+Z^[Q__MA696
M5:]D:9703U;R[GJU6JZOKTB)IR%=W5NGG[:A\=W38&T;T


:9
2D'9YP;

IN;'15]V^RH.[E[O/KY_WOT\HZZ10O?RX\YTM+-;HXWKMZ^!

MQ$_W$P
7-16R#4MPDT#4(-(@UB#1(-4@TR#7(-@U*#2H-:@T:#5H-N!$1`


YY/[

MHG'625TN=/T
4AS-`$@()`(2`TF`I$`R(#F0`D@)I`)2`VF`M$Z,1&QHR)
MV/GKR$CO`\0/]9
EHZ(!$@`)@41`8B`)D!1(!B0'4@`I@51`:B`-D!9(-R;B
MP5.2G_#@C;1\\#V9]]-Q
V)O@`1`0B`1D!A(`B0%D@')@11`2B`5D!I(`Z0%


MI`YMW/NK





(I#0MY'4K97N_0[)WN\#(6\#F4


0##AI%P$_




M428LY'4HM5+6(1I4(6

IGS\-WG]
M::4_E^\P8_T.R8PU.\HG+%SL!K3KT3_-+!H=32,*$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E
J
M$)6(*D0UH@91BZ@32
^D+;12

WG4L%7I=*
MY=)BN5RKP[YJBDLU6_.YU+0UZ56NK2X62[T*RC=$9=DYIK]KG'_=R1S^^TQ



Y:_:9+UC(F2^5^?5L


2#Y%=0'-2B`5D'J*Z@::
MM4Z,9%!II%3!/G(6&;$59_2([';=OS\U[(N#'DIYYE!BQ$LH
0;G9:J6&S

M\%NQ@


M7H=*EF*'
'
TMHDX@,<8N3MN'WHNK*/=;TZ*K@C&6VWE[*BMTI*=B*3Y07:D%5,0
MWIYJBD

.:
MO`ZU+'6DIV*QL5MO]U242B=
9.<AG6SZ'A;R.E1JAS!S)SA4


VKI
%E$$[A
MGEYU(O0&VYY

M+(;+8C;@]D.$9W12)3WSN[
7EUG:%2QB`)$(:((48PH090BRA#EB`I$):(*
M48VH0=0BZ@22L3AMCV2)[^I9=.V.@3:(`D0AH@A1CA!E+*$.6(D0EH@I1

M-D:V8M7QZL9='E?LRKVD*3T[;=6RQ%4+HW'%6BF'`I0*$46(8D0)HA11ABA'
M5`J$56(:D0-HA91)Y

M*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:).(!D+O4*97K&X6%E:9M6'45LW&51L6[R+#W3
M\_4C68*3]*5%KCPWB`)$(:((48PH090BRA#EB`I$):(*48VH0=0BZ@02L5B=
MMD+9B\L5BD7CBD44(`H118AB1`FB%%&&*$=4(H158AJ1`VB%E$GD(R%7J%
MKM@5+E88V8I5[Q-LW&51L6[R+#W3\W5_Q:YPDLYH5+&(`D0AH@A1CA!E+*
M$.6(D0EH@I1C:A!U+J!)*Q.&V%LL(5BD6B8GNI$0I0*D04(8H1)8A21!FB
M'%&!J$14(:H1-8A:1)U`


J$)6(*D0UH@91
MBZ@32

H0!0BBA#%B!)$*:(
48ZH0%0BJA#5B!I$+:).
M(!D+O4`Q%7M]

7B)'UM
MT;AB`04H%2**$



W#VB:D_7^?6P=FP7%AOXD

#Z]OV4'#F]OPT&-/;F[I






#-F\A.1S7S0M




M&QV/=NO;_.5]?UA]?8/G_M
-5FNT??X'
[_;K@_[X_[Y=`/F)G*@_)D7D\4$



@IR@H*2@HJ
MFH*&@-


SM*CU((=A0
4\3(DI&8D821
ME)&
D9R1@I&2D8J1FI'&)%8


M0[UD)&8D821E)&
D9Z1@I&2D8J1FI#&)%5C80J\(K)`^!Q:#\:B(L1(963(2
M
Y(PDC*2
9(S4C!2
E(Q4C/2F


M%!04E!14%-04-`:P8B3.?;RAN1$-[NEUN_[VN)?=_B=;AP^-BVQGA!$[=(IX

&)X[4L]Q`WM^XO;G

M+Y\L=CC]XFH_B]LSH)`X(K?1=1V7CE


M

YWN::C9-0U+)029CH&)$9%0D*1H)BYJ@-:(U(]
M+2?H:)VF2


M'Q)WB7+74SG;



M






;SGRR=R8H`7U(NYK8%:%V


M.T)QK6!%E&[\@PY09RNDD

_(
M]7VBG(EHM'9XBEGNI!E.,A._[F2PI-]X(;$?S'$?XG.M/\*4:?_VO8?N@']
M7X:FQ[^=:O1NA2Z,81TAU#B6@A)9*=BBRQ.S5*:,]B_F*%'(L)YRE''%G*.

GCG9FH)*R


:Z`A:V@-5
C


M:'[/KY617W/E:











MSVA&/+'UXU_Y[O!`'B4S-Y
96WK8/]

M7V?SF]EBE(V)?O7;[O#NGMCD]=7#S\/[_N7_/6DLIKR13(S0IQB9W$R6L_%L


(


M5+N





2[Z3UB/_


M
CT)JX=



YK):B
M*JR0K\++9--VVGQ.MDY2S=3&?


Z9[C:Z@55\H\P?\5.6Q)-;9VP

M



M+%7P@92:6G3YY!0*$2@#=/RE9+BV:CY

N7NF50O6N%3*I
D[N-1IE


X`*A!Q)4(50C5










A

MT51#Y:&G0@5#J$2H0JA&J'&0.86:)9*K1-114W56J!,CYXD(I0C5#D$H1
MJAJ$6H

MVX=VQ#F*.H'(SSJ*K4+AL4



M8D
CJI04U':MQN

)P



MD![J$B+*&CM7%DWQ&N1=^9R7

MN!A#D.7R9P4YE5XG)NLEEYFLJ##*ZRZE\(S#0E@TM(X5)9Y




MXSI220G.E)/9?*F=*^9SN+G

MD.*(`N2





M`;YX05F#6D%)M&-V[D.M(S5@O\X@5A'-




S]C\3

*W$#TM

)'=?M::`1TH+6G94XCH&.?

O=G&9*MXO8LJ$6?CG?T[*@Z]`K[+X6FBF]Z

M^H:^-7_U'?;93&;4TMY70)\YM;2IG[9DU(?^Q`JMW67S]1T=#




RQA:ZOUBS0
86

MGYK%/CFU\$E9;*'#Q6L^
(LM=

MJ86_3PZODE







MCLME'\=^^OB]/'G?\KHIJO/&%Y/`]_)S5NV*\V'C__W7YP]+WVO:]+Q+3]4Y

R[295)?\#$_V55VF
M+7RM#]/F4N?IKFM4GJ9A$
33



NI_;-Z^S4O#L<6AGL./<*.K7<_9-YDD%$(,PGG&FK3B``_GIE@:4!
M&4F_=Y]OQ:X];OPHGLP7022`[KWD3?NYP)^E[TV;57^JTGA-)!0A
D`O7F

QCQ^(
C-1X/



M:Q(1QP')`44`2]SB$7%(MC

MW4XBDFV=
4^KZE=6P&(Y/K
=VU8:!2PUB2$1K0XB#:+3NYRMYDPN;6'E5Z`Y
MC*Z$CLWU

WE56C.H&WK(+)'


TT:6(+1H




M63`C^S=;



M

``/__`P!0
M2P
=\:SQ[#J-(2\A#&=.CF=FSY!=?7W+3]ZK*JM,%VM?C$+?4T6J=UEQ
M6/M___7XY<'WJCHI=LE)%VKM_U5_W7S\T^KBRZ?JZ-2M0<
1;7VCW5]7@9!
ME1Y5GE0C?58%?++799[4\+8\!-6Y5


J3Z!

%1$



M!X
+CUV=$SP&8@G




MED!

WY@C6K&+Z;/.\V2!2R)B[[$


M





M='

RYX;6R455MOFS`4?I^T_X!X+^82($$A54/5K=(F3=
NSPX8



M

MMH4?^M'4GHWM01A$Y[Y.=
'@7E\1!9[INI@7@XG




TO/[(26\(IDI&F$E;.]6F@^M&
X-;MVZR5P;V#)





M#@YL[$BQ
L


N6Q`


A
&TG$?SNC`+G@A+



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#B]DY*K0(``
$&```9````


MH9)59-^:;_+PD?&Z

?$_-UMPCL'$D&TH




MNW;?20.SPSTV\*E@T-6S`



_1:1SM4


?NR[2A#FP;._1S&J#APJ\$9?4L*1CFM

5POW+IRMP\CUEW-ET&^]]SX[_:[C\Q





N!H+VZ%S94P`6M_M;P08:A


W;[TP
J9T`I7O3DLD_?[X93QS/



M14-TRG@!`/#7*1F.!G2$O#3_]RQ7V[D;)]YP%


QA.P?E8


C
MX`-P2PV]
*E/K\
1#L4(=W1=Z@!XM[11!Z2OB$-;DIZ0O+E8L+$-BRV.800O
M0V
2Z`S&

+$D5B7P`GV\$DSJ59+8F$LM
KJK

MI![AN$.H10:A#IPE-/06(7Y




RT&D
M(&V!%BB*7IYIB;*)2*)`TG'R[[N[

X^TC7UUD@;D?V?G4AT-


.K`XU)W






M*3A3H*))D17^\5XXC@KKJ0(?#$ILL)LJ)OE]-'659PP]DRA(((DXP\[H$I
M+HCBY7!;X1X-5K^?5`P/O_04R:0


M;134C33*0/!M#(P!J?)*^]O$R/

MO&?A7B


M-@#@(]U0:)Q




MJJR@S
$^Z
MP[U&@O*B<CI&Y=3XTVJ:(<Z3EN#[47@%$CJHKP%M'=2/=\)PFQU351'


JVEYN
YJFB'WB)PII@XW0:0






MDOCUX=O#ZU^MZ.7%X_UM_N7I_'SWZS=ZWW\N-W?WK-W^#\@_/MP_GU_.GU^O

M^_?%R]?SC_3YX5/U\'2BT:9Y
C/PZ_G\FS'-/QE$C:^A==+.P'\]7WPZ?;[[





BW.+*%B3FC&VD0:Y!HD&J0:9!K4&A0
M:E!I4&O0]
`UC6TWP+0J_C\&V

MN$FD0:Q!HD&J0:9!
MKD&A0:E!I4&M0=


^)Y2HD0#(@.9`2`FD`E(#:2RA`H4\]`:;2KF_/]A&Q!]L





].[/OSGM]N=_(L[=X;@?YQ9M[!VMN7HZFNLY
M6@Z$0E'MC.2`$7
[00DC44\%C:MG;12.:*D:B7@L;5*S82]1I1PZA5]T?=






M42IH7#UC(U'/$16

MM.C7'3?($4?.CGK(*%?N2

MU(@4E%LT93`;L\HMTU!MF1:9SGK!JT;[N')6H6TC8B

MGB
J$)6

M19V5S1`#']:ZOL*W1W


MJ&*EH$


9`-Y[K7K'S]8G


MO10TKEZQD:C7B!I&`T4OA:8WZC]UV6M2H(XZB_RB=ZM/F]PP%!R1
S*+J8L@



M]530N'J&ZCFB0J1X@R@%C:M7*%4C:D0**EYS;=)/GK
K7GO?TK\[6+LK&$J=
^Y0_3#]@[G

-^AQF^K^

QGKWIWSHGNC-=XSFYD=MF@ZI7`'S





M2J,XT:3$@
)`&2`LF`Y$`*(60D@-I.D3?\C
74$_9

MJ)%T2*J(UN%2US;SFPW4Z+O^?*29$5K_
$48HH0Y0C*A5BI$-:+&(:JL
M(5V:
_W?'WMWR27(1\W%IGGB+LQQ%]ZY:R)7_DC
9_[948R$PXCV3JTSE]



)C5G-'''QU;N*(]7.6Q`V_?HI*=S
M'
I8B2K:3@G.
SE;L4-PN\




QH'T*:XU#%2D&':K:R([1;+=3FV;#!B$-^


YWRG;FH9J

U:2(
T9


M5CT4(TH0I8@R1#FB`E&)J$)4(VH\Y(_?T!7

MI?H/L[IV_%DWE+Z)


:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$







U6G4
J_39L
.*0OV[



M9C60ID_\:#`W$7\[C9H_H:2*(8=
/=RE&BB&G%$XB[)1
$?$SDJRJ+X:88/0







M1%0AJA$U'O+'SYQ











M


M#G
F+%LGEA%
3M$*%@PC.;U[SW;6LY2!)0F]M6#$9R1@)&0D8B1F)&$D921C

;I02


M`D91B)&8D821E)&,D9R1@I&2I-8?H7%_0:_NG&K^B
9T6
1&3$9R1@)&0D



D9R1@I%2$M@#0P\M


Q8':C4D5F64W+26R@A<5[6
M<60IH33IE2A`Y:9OO!EI&*(4K)M]H[XJ[[KR3K&AMIB@LBV.+5K.46ILQ8S

M*=
@2Z`

MZB1%`=

6RI-OI50[


MO%.4
O.S(ZC


M54KZM%!%Y9/I4D73H#*[

&)T=27$_8=:D?


S&*!NNPQLEBKAJ?&:`7;A22U@GW^_-*(VV6KT-BXSM?(B`4I
M.!^%M)

MWC#A*.4-











=I1$'-R)T+3=OJ#1R`_P_V.Y$:$)'-K]NAX9W3^?7V^%T
M


G#+\IK



9+3
M]$BL\
ZON^VWATHN1R^
SBE
QW*2%DK

D9*22!]1MX:`1;[`+YFNB3P19*S&!+

M+MNR(NSA2]3'E]CTQ9F



P!2
M%12:M59G&G4'WT
81:K(Z%*.4=&B^&)&%18(-H?2/@YEJ
GJ
M4(Y2C4-DZ!8HT.&0F2MB#_ZE7!$-2:Y(9*SWEG29MA8GI-#P@\*BA/1AG:_:
MJ2HQ_-F#@9XW=;E81_C$0IIXS$JE\-S.8*\;?]'?$E0W.9+BF;LU8,%(D?E
MZ(NS-/YCE4-JF';X8F8#S`E?RP;1D&2#1$;E6$Y(G5V+)TJB88=WJG(H57I-
MXZMVJDPX;$45H$#'(%!EHH?U#5IZS$B.00=ER9C@@(VZZD2LMY[AIJT]1R1
MLNZ
2#DN4*##NMGE(




O


ME'-4&
B








M?_SFBOUN.^I?&W)^D



?T#(%FU%_5.Z3*1^^








:3&I7V
\

M`P!02P

'9@)T!NNH.N8GX\D`IO5R
MG\,(J.Q:E1U6^C-Q8^+HQGK9O1/GGW4@_]K]:G\V%7Y_K?\DH':
$]T!E[*
M\I6&1GL*06-#:1VT

Z!46!


MK.E\\8@2


MG$]9GBG-2@=QP-LUK-KW-2'FT])XAZ66\J#-C2`YPA
1=%U17A\#6PP$&-AA
M(

1D41<DJ...&A!)61B^IPK/1-:
MV)M3GKYN2A@4+,T;9K.AQ+#0TE:P46^#4-`7(%X')EUB
\12O.^MDSBR*/8




MG8?'@Z!;GTKA\YC^




M!'R27=89!B[I_%/[-$)9D-49A*R.%J+'&UIC9O-%4&^V+8?$I@2J-_KL!CSB


M#%+QV''A
%
Z6*[QP73I:`&]V(X7KYFARSWY/J
MF%]J[9P=0'2S/2=7[(*:_6C**TP&W
^6#5PLM_\]P1\2

0/
MFJ#[T\3Z/P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*UUO7;9!@``_QL``!D```!X


MM^*0)&4'%


?IKCR
-=/I
MVH.^J8-YYR4I2C\EDEHG?B_*[/0O-=*9%!4QF0@\F8C^L(;%-.#)-*!+=_J'


DF_6]KIL-@J1^2#Z.W#0];Y$B(?A
A^0X3$SFEXQDBUFW(*D
]'U
M

B3`/#)3#NJ(&RB8
MW((W\388^!CL,`@P#$8(G!H,U!AL,M@T@!1-22`FF4E^?5/@BY.T@O+?
M6)RF@X(UI3:PP?!HS13B*62N$%\AX4$@D5LE3(2B%KA6P4LFT2*920ZU(H

/@SD&/@8+#`(
0@R6&*PP6&.PP6#;`%+8
M8.=Y(&S$N@H;7U532BQXB$#JCHTREQDUHSU-AZUL6'QR'3&





-ZMO*
MG%6T6!M6^BHXC.+UIJVX
IM[@-N5+L/9?=#&WM?WN-]Q87;O*^Y47T*V*AH

NFK8]0
?:Y
M06O=O

MF*









2YX;6RL6-F.XC@4?1]I_B'*

]0`2TD(6-.-1K
\IX*!J$B
DM32?S_7\0*V`4%K7LJ5P_&Q[_'UC9W9
M]Z_Z:'R@MJMP

MJ3Y:KFV'5EU4C4D5HO81#;S;526*



M%75]4A%)TRC?NQ[7_U*2PZ2HB
M$H.4B]M


M:7:*'7!K`T#F$Y47(C

.C6G+@[):K&
$9O$NL`FL5
M2%0@58%
!7(5V%P`DA%00S0C/
B6ZU61)P7I!?7O(BF\4`ET23E087FD*PV)
8/VA*M^6&(*$G0EHSPHI;3`$A'97(J`N7P&*X:$`HD90F0^%J[M^'(4
M:_$[UT@TC51#
M&+J7JR:BY^YZJ;2PW)&UA1R9LK'LYB9M`V+()%%'*Y$8

M9`8Y@C[AQD7[605!*\4E\*\ZZMPMC3H+%%!FD5P7&8OLP=,/)5T+C')K
M(PX5/N6CW9M2QDEWIY2K4W+'KB

MHH!;(F+X8G`J]NCWHMU736<<T0Y,MX<C04N_.=''I]@

M0PAV.7P0
(T=QCU_(`.(KTV+_P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`#FB0$CW
<'(Z/[7.O

MTK\/?__MY:LHWZM#FM8:*)RJ@7ZHZW-@&%5R2/.XZA3G]`3_[(HRCVMX+?=&

CW$-_:\.V;GB

M65(65;&K.R!GT(ZJ8^X;?0.4AB_;#$9`;-?*=#?07ZU@8YFZ
7QI#/HG2[^J



M\L!4^L^GJ
7SBSR(SCPZ)H/.O68JAW$=#U_*XDN#]1%&5IUCLMI:`5'FDYA.
M.3&M;\UJF
[26$%!9DH2*0@4P69*<A<018*LE20E8*L%6331B0+88X_
M82%AP](`6XJ8V+;90QY2DGNQ$`

`W





ME#V;4))K-I'JN[T^
:WXAJ%U++=BD-8*!2&OS2[

MV45!';-J]V(6



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

Y+GAM;*R:








MC[Z7]27:

R9;DC!BH*(@C4%
M
04)!2D%&04Y!1L*B@Z80FS;`$
3^'\$F




BH4):</:D





M1M+]1B-%EZA)I4=835)G[`.A.\Z*+?UD2R#2*NE3+UKUM8L0C3JM4B!LE9[K
MSTF`(V'2WRQ1NL]_C$;2?T+\P^=%]Z0#O&?H72?_QR-.NU21X6U!RS0Y'A

MP




M;
[E;'N^JCW,-_7JO#;G6/P]OH^/'





!Y[DX=[D/E:'D_!1F@.!^OOQU.U^Y^TLD6O



M?0Z@NH)?CA\K4:OMF5#&$B#SM2D*734!TEBH?!$R3T

MCOZ$ZK-61O



!(R$C$2
Q(PDC*2

4)'+QGQ&0D8

M8D821E)&
D9R1HHV

MW04S5V

%JM_\OW%]HXHD


;0
MB0V7
79G4@2VXY@CM;DY2@J)/7L3W5.'=&F!5I#!VHJ
Y1*-)DVQ\CD*.`H1
`\6B8``;6B
MZVPNO*9/$2KU]BE&*]4G:^*RG6F-GU]2J_I4X9*O7W*T0K[=.]:]V3!7*!-
M1Y_
H!$;)AHT]OC&B4]$`F]DW

CW4]LE



$D59/


;+\QQRDB75!_OTRC@

JI1MWJ&1EH]YZA`Q.<\./4V







M`/__`P!02P






_32_W\?HJW3VFA





M+5T8+-

ZT?KJILI]9RO$[WEA%H*Q&XZDYT
NT;0JNI`Q0^H,[-\='$!4?E$KY&EBB(H/JO078J2)42H^W-X(
M#+&FB;$;NHQU33!]94N8'@U37Q]VHBZ3#EI!@NVE^W#W2GYJ
T`!X]OV_%
M)-/TA2#F+IEI=#;+2V:0Q83*HYYKT)YR%-GR
_'IKP[Z[^]+F3AGUKQC9
M%@.T$#E2Z`84A!1$%`PI&%$PIF!P92&05SA84+E84;F8),!=?/=A*X
M]__A)$CG(2CVT=@O.80AZ`%%@DH"F(*!A2,*)@3,&$@BD%,PKF%PH6%*P



M0%R'C.Q:&Z'0)BMDA0RXT0H9N=ZHB97QY76_^]%/P(

2LVD213_939



459/
;XDI8
MVW$E4EL9)$_4$80[GK`:00$RB:3V0QB8TL?B+U?5&T#DO4/)(VGAQ.K^;T

E(S(X71


ZP()%H1


`'/O5








;
GI^/V<7.D3/+6
















C4KX&[7`?@?'FXG'YM/CQLDO6OSK+U;?G'86[2C7BBOF/

MQ&B6)('XCS/K*BE4.CN'N)ND!;99=&I=)8U*9^=121*)_SBSKI)*I;-SJ23)

MT_5/&F`?C%#C@)`KT10)'DW9;DN#0(-0@[8&'0VZ&O0TZ&L0:3#08*C!2(.Q
M!K$&B083#:8:S#28Y\`UQ3@+-


@0R`C(&$@-)@$R`3('
@
SSQ`D@;2#.!+NP%
B6?CIT%+
M@T#4(.V!AT-NAKT-.AK$&DPT&HP4B#L0:Q!DD...U


E5RETV%:BD;
M9+2,4,@;2`=(%T@O9303E\L]X%$F98M8$5-U8-,1NP,@8R`C('$0)*4I5T

EXG@YA


ZV\:57J.!


12IPD*
Q*
MQ%A082%B


F
M2!6/;L:4/5@-C![=XMP?I]]5[U2_8V$
XSI%&U;]]*^'4'66?=#9[U3G/7%
MLATH(D'6V4`YJ]W4U=@X/
792Q;9V-!UEG\H;/D`V=NTOAS1E)8\YX\DF3



M=1'U$/4118@&B(:(1HC&B&)$:()HBFB&:*Y@]RX\J':&?TU/8.C_B_#:8/'
M9`JB798T@;2`!$!(&T@'2!=(#T@?2`1D`&0(9`1D#&0&$@9`)DF0&9)XG

MHOY9UN#9:CE%93HYR)9J);AO8J3X923PD1*357=59_:DP;&%$E)0X?6NJV

M8VM=4&R1M:6CDQBAXL::G&)J:H148ZE-P
Q*24'GUCHA-[\ILYQ1L7@ARL^8



MJ(=W1
B:Z@HJTNN)D-7K(XH0#00561^*D+4^0C1&%`LJLIZ(D+4^$52D-Q4A

MU*W;I[CO&'KO7N*6@_4^D`B((-33`^-$`U]LEX:2H8YTYHD/@4]XD1LMXG
^D-3_V<1&0DN_W#L19
M48F&(F1K



:($
MT031%-$

AJ3PM
M/4]=!/

3&#VSD*Y4



[$#V+0D%[ZVZVYE=[5-
_BQVN`2MFP4?]*VL\[TX]X]X4*0I%

WRW3]3KEZ\
U*ZK?R


J[[\:'&H)?6






M=_(?=I!]W/'S_P$``/__`P!02P


/?_2ZPASQ8&PS_D*9';_NG



MNUUJ7W
I_-=Z@[=[6LFA7](PY/=DKOF13^(4W[N^5#7W
I_$.:[AC4OJ92
M^






A0IBJ
R$WPPV3
MD'9Z1&1

9$)D2F1&9$&B(M
MD3F1!9$ED1612R)71*Z)W!Y)7)'Y)[(`Y%'(D]$GHF\$#D_9W3!B,-Z7L2U
MR#,L@7OD69`N\TQ(-GD1&1$9$YD0F1*9$6F(M$3F1!9$ED161Z)7!&Y)G)#
MY);('9%[(@]$'HD\$7DF\D+D_)S1!:
AHR*N15+AA+Q'4@7I

MD1&1







MC%I%:UVE%\*)(??ZS).SAWY&A61&]ZTL4T'EBY_B2HL`FFT5C:V(A4'8G]P
M=G+B-AN3\#!)F!0V#$694E.7+!-WZ4CVJ4#E9UUJR(;.E!$)CR^TAF9NR]_

IW+E3D73J-[S'/Q\!HVI6FI'/CZ

V1F/,(7*[`@
MFZ6'X4G6,&<:&C$:,YHPFC*:,6H8M8SFC!:,EHQ6CX973&Z9G3#Z);1':-[
M1@^
'AD]
7IF]


M
!R*D7
9&C$:
YHPFC*:
6H8M8SFC!:


L6B!@*YV$U.L:


M



XFY=$60%LF&XG1FD#(T8C1E-&$T9

'1H^
GA@]

MK1A=
KIB=


\RA6$C(R(C(E

\2?G]Z4B%$)@D=-AW#]V
34K7L8DBZ]:4T4Q1J=X]*=V8
ME*IO%:W5%^[#EKQTG]_)[O3MC;66
H$$P:O:BZ$BN\B1HHW51!-0-1-%IF;*


M:3O3=F:M4236:N==%=E@K?1Y.&3G/M^2_O%

M!XRUG:&)(M

MI1XCJLJYX=`]S3M1J3S5*W.#6
SGAETZT:CZ8FXX='6A5J4V=:+
TW#RR_/4


6%V94FM+DJ(#F0IATDA7)@Q

MT9+1BM$EHRM&UXQN&-TRNF-TS^B!T2.C)T;/C%X8X26:*=P:R/
L!1*K!!SO

:
)HRFC&:
&D8MHSFC!:
EHQ6C2T97


B8R(C(E
B$R)S(@T



MPFC*:
:H8=0RFC-:


8FU;-\S=P&$559;$8VF'YYIK=P'T
M4[3;FQ3

MJ*HX

M1%F!?6BH:QQ*.SL\C+6=H8FB[/83HYDB:]@P:A69KCFCA2+3M62T4L2WL@9Y


QHXFITDEP

UIPPR6C5=&P]#32L5BSND\@R^]JCY:G#D;A-?B)3-Q4
B
M(R)C(A

MU

M+DU`-:\*-664\NJ%1FF7UV

VN+!V:GYD\&5-:P:+*.;UP]

QHPFC*:
9HP:1BVC
M.:

KAG=
+IE=

MEQ$O4S
ON.R0FJG@H@8O3@5ECYXR&C$:
YHPFC*:
6H8M8SFC!:

IHQ:ABUC.:
%HR6C%:
+AE=
;IF=
/HEM$=

M&2T8+1FM%%E7+QE=*2J[ZG:4UR:E7;U1M%9?AC54Q?8(:RRB%6&-J`@KH=&I

M@'!M4MK5&T65($+7/D$

P



MIHZEG3SF[BYZHI]BE]V5-E%M=D-DI@W-4J




/'!8S-N220-S533;:K5
MCSM-S=G40AN:J:6B^E6M].-.4Y=LZDH;FJEK1=%4[ZTKT]SHYYMLE4FT7_7M

M4]MC



919P2

M9`#
!314L';?&O0.8L4KWQLHR]]_GY@Y%X


42!&**P@P7$A5HB
M+L00EYRYN(2BSCYQB46@

4ZE

MAZ+*-KSG*WV

(.]I$)9!]A

I6E78#![1RD[;2'D



SE(K9E9*J4#8QQ3YB
3'=&FZ2/N\(_5:E.\[


00MZ1-%QI$*;'-%A`E




%V(8+\0P






^''NS%8MSU?IF(X0*1-DZ_U
MP]&B#!NX)#7@Y\M

A-3HPA3
J`

MLU&$KF*4:LT(9Q)3`XAG

M6+EM
`9*$M


M#([/VSK'AQ)0[O@M92;\%`9[.+)@Q3SG;^9@)1:Q/-G]](TA(5*6U_`Y

M&'R^@P5$@5HBL00!6*(P@X6$!=JB;@00UQRYN(+^T5ER#O-^B1E6\Q/W
9


J(JA

4E
M'

H:C%

M#@1M!_

M8):DK`.-


J!E;%1HP3
MJW91Z)(V5.=F'R)(;!)F^8PIC89@L((VE#&(DA;DF;6D4$MML`5$B;8@2
M,80E:8,%%X1P^L^#\,HA&8L(96PB\93

ERO`G*:M\D4:4

MV*5;2!3?K5._V4#BB



MDL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20DL20
MDL20DL12C)$2C*LI4)(R5S2I60H&_DE;)=7)N,M9Y7D%+;I04]MDV^0!MEZ
M[OH6:AUYW[;-X+$V4F[)A-EL#1\1@XN(8;@0PW`AAN%#
.%&(8+
0P78A@N


PX48A@LQ
M#!=B8;@PQ'!A6$N%

*FU;8
MK

N%UQ*AN)3/DON_JP^OBY*^PME
H6[9P#0/6E33N%6-76=

$8/?B&$

8(H8Q1`QCB!C&$#&
H9PYEX321.Z2U]4?\)



0O


M&QV$V35)J7^0S6HA+B!(


?5:WGG:F5%6@]Z+@F&/9';

/U-\(`C'$0-3A91!A



2LI(0P






HL+O/';5EW0BIX%\?X5=I]LUP$E1+MP24.X<IM-Q7)U/JDP
MTD59OJ@=]EU1:Y

C@X.U)QC\PDP.OA


M*6SQ4B+7)L\H%N;\)';J]UWPJXAA+DMBE8V2=4V=!E?OTA'XN]H1%Q:$8$M'


MDB



M`8RDP/O3@Z=3KNW1#E&N^?NAG%F_L#T31C6$(4EA2%(8DA2&)(4A26%(4AB2
M%(8DA2%)84A2&)(4AB2%(4EA2%(8DA2&)(4A26%(4AB2%(8DA2%)84A2F$E2

20I#DL*0I#`D
M*0Q)D.2PID
0I#$D*0Y+D*0P)D,20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)D.2PID,0I


U2V(3O+BW.?5+GS($9&
M]2A!(#`U[\((C#`4]


M7G!BL/.50\20SF-&
20VGN+Y)[8


(LY1'3L;SSI7NB0DRSQS/EN9C:

4TG.6-
$QL'^(D[22:FV0W)/=OOK$2R5WM5B@DWL3R4YKQ\
D[M3+_)

HCIF-YY[XM3
A[E$=


;AZ\_0+J:E:3;AV_)K!^^A:'A*I+3A7M7[:848-_8J&[!

M?#L(.V!`+_/!67L4N)IE-AR2-M9Z7!=/Q:LMBJ]K;HT1OU1J5\)MP#:5M;0$
M*Z=MC


KJR

!CNMIEU
M0P=%)#_8UL&9O+HG#@Q.802\YE;F*@:G

(K:8FE
*(G:8F5
&(E:0F

$+1

E\\&ACM-8L/.7?J?SJ['

KOF(?/W?9[8


M

MFQ^2%(8DA2%)84A2&)(4AB2%(4EA2%(8DA2&)(4A26%(4AB2%(8DA2%)84A2

C%^`K0
M&.HAC&H(0Y+D*0P)D
20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)D.2PID
0I#$D*0Y+D*0P

M





):F
MPEB:F-I*HREJ36IL)8F@IC:2J
I:FPMP%[%[#W`?L0L(\!^Q2PSP'[$C!;
MFDJE;0.O





`2_^95+]D2/R%(86N!6R]&_EHHKF5PI!%WV&3AAVPG*(,-*)SB






M;[&9#1]7_K'YPSGY+?]E*-ZM7F9$9U3-D9TA1'=6D()$-$5/R(IC$`*(Y2
M'X$4/^(HC#`*(XR2'V$4/Z(HC#VS`71SK4.6(Z!QLGX

3B

M(K=KJ
JIO\TCD^RWO2I()_NUJB=?:JFDI5TH




MW0*D


=V+5




^


M2[=;(-XY/]-RS4_&#1I(?MU$C0;VJ@NZ*&4
Z[J%FZS02O';6A?T(W5!/WO5
M!4V5

&0G^2$Q

\P@B/

(CC/`((SS(\PPB.
\`@C
M/

:PID,0I#$D*0Y+D*0P)D
20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)
MD.2PID

20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)D.2PID
0I#$D*0Y+D*0P)D,20I#DL*0
MI#`D*0Q)D.2PID,0I#$D*
TDJC)1@LZ1Z.BV

S:HY:K




N%^SLR`E;=2L
(6ZBW2$(F##4]-V19RZ

;_JCQU#]7
M9X+*;BPJ:Y][51.9[
4MO7H%!\'9+7\9\9B/$(ZB)$XIH^U_!E:\MAY/$\M]
M*D4LDUOY&N_RS$6;R.Y1*6*=BVOGZ
1ZGRH0_J$*IT?^42)BV%X%)P\[S.OE

S:#9'!FUGZPI#_/3P$DNW;
MIG:&]A[E(Q`I'S74\EO-EZ=.IT@BJ$9_%CX]Z4(3M1YEGD`34BH$MU#TA0



`
M(4L-)E-H`*\BZ+3@)&EG80=,H<?I[&R80C-K&URJD8_8ZIQ*)3QCQXA1X]0

M4)]'B

M`-P??Z'%ZE:6`8A1&&H4AAR%H4=A#*QKLHH4AB2K&F[E?.9.YY!IM6M5!F=
M2G8(51A*K6G[(MR+&:BWNI4BD*\P]L

MXU.$


%0O
M#-4GUO6RJ5XAJL^IQWYV#YA
]=6O](*IOL_1J=[.;?\#JD_'O^
*(S%[/M#%
M38X2['.)-F#:R2L53HQ?ANV2^M_+8B!4M])8!H)DQT`0QDH:?LBW%AC;%2W
M4@1C0[)C;`AC;3FAK
[(61L5+=2!&
CL4X8C`TI@K&1V+

MY
2P$

MSZ7FU#&S]@P/_6?&[K7+S@F


-*\F
027X
M(LF/$2/Y
4@D/X:$Y
>0D/S0O^2'Y4_$[AD:`+/L$78!)YA[')N
M&6T3[YZ/Z([3HZ=QU988OW%1I$7]A%$]84A5&%(5AE2%(55A2%484A6&5(4A
M56%(51A2%894A2'5Q&8\2RT=@U85(E9)C5B%(59-C%H5(E=)C5R%(5=-C%X5

M0Y;D*4P9D
60I#EL*0I3!D*0Q9D.6PIE
&0I#%D*0Y;4*4P1D
40I#
ME
+0I#`D*0Q)D.2PED
`0IS`2I


)0K#.4*
^4J[
51HF[*

PI8*\#]B9@;P/V+F#O`_8A8!\#]BE@GP/V)6!(4H/)<C2`5Q%T6G2
MM$=+!TRF]GJFWS1EQA^=E+%!/9)?QZB&,0I#$D*0Y+D*0P)D
20I#DL*0
MI#`D*0Q)D.2PID
0I#$D*0Y+D*0P)D,20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)C-)*D22



UO7

MV%^*R2R8&


MK@?LQ.*0'D@G'..@2XRHYAYPQXOT0/;8$=#LU8Y4:&YBW/
L[W/^T-*_1IX]
USJ$JEN=EKB&YB.;JS

M%(8DA2%)84A2&)(4AB2%(4EA2%(8DA2&)(4A26%(4AB2%(8DA2%)84A2&)(4

20I#DL*0I#`D*0Q)
MD.2PID





RE/)N



@P(
MN5HCN4:Y\JOMUCU'87WXO=K)&-:'[[6;

M%TAK%JH9;'U^%N=Y1E5GRU#+



M/#)9+X43VN4)J=A+!8G
LD[[


MP26R





;IP(G%URB/*_


)T-Y:.2Y3GK=FX1+;[&7
K

S(0AA./R_,QB6JYX/9'F/;2[-QB=*MK'U<(MN5V;A$-LZ4N(W'_8*-
M*3ON%VPFB[!?L-F0



M`P!02P

^O)1IDT'B0X?#?OW0Z

M/29TQK!`E8D%4PLT(+(@MBQ(+4@LRW(+@MF%LPM6%BPM&!EP=JC05;




MG



#C5=T7
M9L#R@8U)@0Y)1*
+'4NU`KR2R57S%:`_GRIO4;


M4%_FD[5`LLN)Y1/CLJ*$RMF*`ZDRZLGJUMFH]\Y


MTSYC_W/4:_6_@%7EOW-]94:J)0S:W*_8_1KU6MUO8.5?`W



MRHXR(#VT'%*-C@J4MCF:055S]!Q('2T@53GJF6RY1'&;IQ5DU=
:2#UM(.5?


4EGZ0Q:?:T@K+[60.IK`RG_
M3)HQ=@NK^L$UY-5S_.#:[=GC`5J^1W

I*4=X)&

M9O0YD#I:0*IR1'VC.A=/#!WNA*FC-3O:M#K:HK3MB'9054=[(#VB`Z3\BT6]




MJ-C:B!Q6U:C;?7?3LQ





D`!HY!1

UHPVC

V831E%#`*
M&45`W@-/N^4U5BLT(F&4
LH8Y8P*(+UJ
T9S(*^IM!=:K=#4):
5HS6C#:
M
MD#9UQVC/Z
#HZ$_P,J''](7M4SD?KR6;DT7(:-Y*)SXNC0KFA828R=K3B?



M#VH%^2/0Z=+ZH2N+#%[H_EAN+%5

MF9!1!.2G'R
?JQ7D$R53QEE0+Z\6:S+U0KR!9#*SQC-@7QYT_J%6D%^:3R

M$FE7-*SJO8NS:Z4N8P%:/D4]10&C$$@3;@2D%6-&:,42+4R(-7*&16,9DJ
M-0=2K06C):




H_

5$B(S


M0MZ=`


MJ$9`ZBB&E)=X^C01KUI8#L;GN1
%4@IY3749D'K

M.IH#J:

-$KLM9O`2#?D3AD%0+HO)F04`:E6



8H9)8Q21AFCG%'!:
9HSFC!:
EHQ6C-:
-H
MRVC':

MDA
IB


UHPVC+9`VO@=HSVC`Z.CA_QHDXCP


M`-*K-F




M0Q+C:
482_:!.C\[H!YWCI5`\@$0H3




MP




J'J;46T-G57^9!$@]QMJ]];!M=D;

MNDQI;KI


M#:
2!T=
M(%4Y


-+7(*:
`B#=
MK!



MKVBU=M[GO:52WD/8WELA;W`XH\OA
'%2

(D8QHX11RBACE#
J&

M*&&4


)HRFC@%'(*&(4
TH8I8PR1CFC@M&
T9S1@M&2T8K1


MC=4*#A










ZH=43*H-3:GAQ6[@3U[7O^!0PN-


MQE(YHT*E1-V_&G+)O*OQ1.XLS4UWK9!


\VJ30][<EA<.861


QT2WT7NJ

M#15=5H]@I%(QHP1(U5-%E]4S&*EZSJ@`XAGN\&4K-B=S/R\[Y.5E7CM`Q0N1
M4$UE(:4WT%

M4%+O.9#SSK]:7\#B@GNO@PWM

MR[#]H?U5P


)I%IG


8J7K.
MJ/0WR.DVW@]XHEK4)J;:U`A+V?2L+0U6O+4!-G]


X0#OW*WJL53WCWK[Y=
M-FK/K3?58E!]YX%#]=RJZ')^FL!(\].440DV2]4=%D]@I&JQXP2(%5/%5U6
8:.#R/0JI<)H,T$7L
MCVX;#VXLASUN+)&7Q$;E*V!\0N15)EI.E7R?MBH?-^(Z\AK8J/RM2
ND7?#
M1N6;7TTE`REIJB.OA8W*%X^XCGPK9%1^:2I9@E36='/A
R*C_!P'7D:R&C
M\DL


=^1K-J/RN!ZO)1VE&




CB'+=Z


Y'C

M/VOQLVFLDTB=I+$DE9*TL223DKS13R9^\L8ZA=0I&DMF4C)K+-E+LFRZ#3@.




]F+\\
HI)1
'9B


M?W3TKQ&JG=U'Y

MJ)W\P^3/OAL&4;/:R!7EQWES]RM=^N@-.CM?'@$?9*Z.W[U5?-W&K-:GW0






%NHPI


JUC2P]0*5BQE96B=HM%(&6&BQHQ
&+$8F3(R
M8\1F9



FB0Z

M5K!)%P$F=V=XMZQ2;6RH[
'F:%3:FP6V!YE2?39T4DE+M
KWRJ!/ML(67]3J

T09;VR
W2_5W


]+^B*].-^R'N@DO

MAO*[E/PG#JX07/BV%

M`P!02P

#M5V%FX7IC&S30$V)MU6S
M7YA__A%_FYI&UQ?-MCCB!BW

`KQF^$FFT)!`];

MOT9=D=0`1XJO8?RLMOUA87KVR/'M

M

M


@)J














=K\/]7K]^./[.7
MQ\_UX_

S\\
M?OWV!L

YHUAP_T-6




R

MJ#2H-6@T:`


6%

#L[*3
J)+3J)E-B46I11FA





M`G^/0E.Y%PUBIHD6


=XY7&E+OO1*M5NK`NB6!
MT'[@%1D5KG(/$]ZO+8U8_W

M+`@S%!HUGI
0&R](.53







R
M0W)#D-*0RI#:D,:0]J0)?!28MTF=X6G?76S$F+C$1O+&/&7'-+ME%)IX

H7GCD-F2\
M
IG7:%!J]/QTCT+#+]*P`(\$]HB'/F-;))5SPX%79UB`VI163651S0T'7I]A


K?W#`UDEQ3NW85D'(VYIM9NHF2A(8LU59

M8]
4'3DA-E20*CE'U


MT(FK
?1(3D3SY&2!4N#






^WY(0EPN)12DAUIY9E!-B785%)2'655E4





M


M8T


M:!C&F_4]JH*DU2V9/1M7E

YY@O2#N9U_OF
MD@3&S%?6?$WM1N^^(2EOWNZ;6Q(8

ML*]F
QUJ=Q&*P8\NTD%
I=Z8Q
HMRBPJ+2HLJBVJ+&HM:@82?




M2^2GG-!H!PK5@?E\=:OJMW*B`W((7*72#0$L*!-#X`L;
018ZT!L=WZ+UNID


C%E6%

FG3L25SF640R8O5GI6.2

MBS+4H%^7.-F)JR3GD9K'JDR+UR@U/H]1B-?/!-O))Y@;

XVUC$C%6Y4L8Y0:KY1(%8=30@A\T(U)M%6),26IB0V
M]1(U9(L%(6E19;V2I(8LB=O+JN:3N(R@!&I`%;),B:IT0`FH2`$:D`5HDQ



MTZ(W


MON5D8U!**(S`3CLO1Z9A00U9?4FH)P+!H\(++@+GE[Z[N7%:E'
\$CEPI?\0



MME@0DA;5/JLDJ2&+(@*WEQ5))W'E9%\WA1&(4H#8



M?+C^%&UWGT`3K&]=`W\%?KE@YUZT[[FRNMVY5\C[KLS@RBF1:VW;Y
M;017^GKP:;[:?8*/^O2T@2ONC[GT75G#E5-ZU#V8;^#*:7NJKGQ:1KM/\*L;

MOFZA]'Q:@O[^SD*/^A3!W?7*P[WUWMH<!A'^UI.]-?@K37E3]=^N=VY;U_8


-_T3
MM^

`4$L#

:FKHS\TR(DU`'<`K(



W^@XINE%\PMIL0)402;T!
M!4L*0@I6%$04Q!0D%*049!3D%!0M
`+?-@Z&6/A_.%BH$0Y&S\P1:(\3=R]0
M`IL$%PI"E841!1$%.04)!2D%&04UT@.%

MFXW-R)M+&5@AT%L+1@)&EHR$C*P8B1B)&4D821G)&

%(P$C2T91E:,1(S$C2
I(QDC.2






MR7AG1@8:*HE/
E[UK\M\Q

MRCVL1]QZ;%KW'(L


`OQ


M9.1M@[KB0@GIV%\J[9Y&(2*=62N-KFN/E-!8%[R8HT2KPJ-#JM%U[1E7E7-4

2

MU$X8C:Z[+4`AG1U+CD)$K831Z+KV2`MA



MFKO
1RBDTS[F*.$H1=2E/4




M`/__`P!02P

;-A<.
M%\Z]:GFG*%Y8.632




#HDAESVL[-_)6NC9K9S]1*+
M-.K5/T;0;B+B4DN[ZA]'O?K?:!+S5`PQ<7_&4R.BWNN+Z*O@SFEC+K7I1TM[
MOA2Q5;ICY&^X[7.W\\2-<.I<=)=<2YY;J.6&57_\<UH8J_L_E'XVR&LB7H8




TF

'.!^H]2R2^9(NVW*_
:;/=V@4EO$B@!'_*G5B

N(@2]',5N<<A!HR
MDE:G1CVA85LF(1B(34FMPQQ$:QTDH1EM+$0+:9**H*&O`M(:QP7A1P4IB1:

E;33PAA:MXIQV@CV


M[5A7=6(C/``R7*`P!M'(W!5)_]'



\8#77`WI=0S8&!

XT


`FRA#^'GT`Y*Y
K;S*BE2M

M`4DQX=*'CLPPAF;S

M&-/F@9TFTNO&A
V&5&VO[]0PZ_T0NA*:X*8J*5V/]\;W49L]K+J4QB7*SK7)



MJ[NZ_LG9T?'I

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`'
MC)/I
PNLT1G2


?\P``__\#`%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#/1)
4'`
``#!*```3

M``@````A`+55




M='

BYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`QASM_0'```3)@``&0``


T-```83P``&0`````````````````@

MQ/E(U@
``
0


M````````





YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`FI[D
&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`!)\3_V`P``4`T``!D`````````````````(F@``'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


M`!0`!@`(````(0`\8I8'D0



M````````C(



``/8)```9
M`````````````````&N

M`%]7.;B^!```1A

O





BYX;6Q0
M2P$+0`4``8`````$`!WLIP$#``G0``&0````````````````#HK@``

M

3`T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

M971S+W-H965T
3`U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#5N^E^O`4```L9```:

3(V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!;55]&

3(T+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(

3(R+GAM;%!+


M
3(Y+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!N&DO@(P0``&8.```:````````````

3
P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(





3(Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````



3$P+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#/*_FA?P(`

``(P)```:````````````````
M`

3`V+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0!0F\\3-`

3$R

3$S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````

M+W-H965T
3$X+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!55F&!3@L``%P^```:````
M`````````````


3$V+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`?K
-JW`(`

3$U
M+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!]ARX0D@
``&\+```:````````````````

M+W-H965T







M%``&``@````A`#@QH[FP@``830``!D`````````````````3`#`'AL+W=O






M970W

M971S+W-H965T
S



BYX;6Q02P$
M+0`4``8`````$`31Q




M:&5E='

``'T
```8





M=#$Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#53VJL]P4``&L7```9````````````


M`!0`!@`(````(0#LSW-M^@8``,=```9`````````````````!4J!`!X;]W




M965T




M`BT`%``&``@````A`%-0SZ%-0``S```!D`````````````````H7
$`'AL


&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A

O





2YX;6Q0

M-C

56]`@``\`8``!D`````````````









M971S+W-H965T-#











M:&5E='

M!@``UAP``!D`````````````````F^






&UL
64$L%!@````

 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationNonproductionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=coke_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationNonproductionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLossAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationNonproductionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireProductiveAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationItemsAxis=us-gaap_ConsolidationEliminationsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfCashPaymentsForInterestAndIncomeTaxesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_EstimateOfFairValueFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_CommonOrCollectiveTrustFundsEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_OtherEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_CommonOrCollectiveTrustFundsDebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_CommonOrCollectiveTrustFundsCashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PercentageUndistributedEarningsAllocatedToDilutedCommonStockPerShareCalculated'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DistributionAgreementPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DistributionAgreementPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsequentEventsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateTerms'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=coke_FivePointThreePercentSeniorNotesTwoThousandFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=coke_FivePercentSeniorNotesTwoThousandSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=coke_SevenPercentSeniorNotesTwoThousandNineteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtInstrumentMaturityYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFrequencyOfPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnPriceRiskDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnPriceRiskDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsLevel1ToLevel2TransfersAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsLevel2ToLevel1TransfersAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesLevel1ToLevel2TransfersAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueLiabilitiesLevel2ToLevel1TransfersAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsReconciliationRecurringBasisAssetTransfersNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueNetDerivativeAssetLiabilityMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputsReconciliationTransfersNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsLessNoncontrollingInterestNetIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncludingAccruedInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_TimePeriodThatUncertainTaxPositionsNotExpectedToMateriallyChange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxAdjustmentsSettlementsAndUnusualProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxCreditsAndAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAdjustmentOfDeferredTaxAssetLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetOperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationEndingYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetOperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationEndingYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetOperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationEndingYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=us-gaap_EarliestTaxYearMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxPeriodAxis=us-gaap_EarliestTaxYearMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=coke_StateMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EffectiveIncomeTaxStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_FutureRevisedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_DerivativeNotionalAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsFinitelived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelatedIntangibleAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareholdersEquityAndShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsFinancedThroughPublicOffering'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_WeightedAverageInterestRateOnDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsSpotRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OverallAverageInterestRateOnDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_VariableRateDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtIssuedBySubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_AmountOfCompanyDebtGuaranteed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=coke_SeniorUnsecuredRevolvingCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PeriodOfUnsecuredRevolvingCreditAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_AmountAvailableForIssuanceOfLettersOfCreditFromRevolvingCreditFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=coke_SeniorUnsecuredRevolvingCreditAgreementOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=coke_FivePointThreePercentSeniorNotesTwoThousandFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SeniorLongTermNotes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedAndIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAcquiredAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_BeaconInvestmentCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RealEstateUnderCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyRealEstateUnderCapitalLease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'

#$T




4Z2
MDU%11NDDFF9I_/[D(2Y._O+A7__EEW]#:'1Q
?*S-(VGT_AA]

:C
MCZGM

MUYR.L[NS$4*+G_AK/;IWHY$\I?24-QY=9+-T\FYD)C'!1$W01!&!N+Z*D6;4

M6X[^8_R?T!@+!#W8Z.+TXK2!_=]'7[.T@-9W]U'Z
'*FT]&%[56
+N(BSK_'

!^?)KE-V?P$^PLF0OPI&[YSCZ=;F@_3=(_K80?


M
UX:F/U@#+.231

M7&J:=#:5==-DT;0H[_-NP/:)'09I(YZE9?[0W6?^T'9CK6ZS/(=5OJ[?_&D'
M[/CG^+:[DWW2T2&-DG'1W:-ZU($I2;_'1=G=IW[6@:A(QFL$EXP[?B.-;ZP^

^LIIQ!BSA/QH\=P#IL[Y.EJ-5O5N8;A@9/


M79R
$B`$B=2Q$W)2]-3T0`3^[BY+OY;9^
^J


]Z!CD!1$/M0<2<`-$


M39.;2I_\I*B(R84-$_8M*[XB*T7!JFD3($\%#'&#':0)=E&@'4.YAJB!
[M2

M)\%L0;#69)Q'^9?\:VE)U5^CZ2P&O:MZO1CR\[QA7U.BVT:T!Z1E&9P#FXJ!



MWTF%
50NK8']P%UQII6DOT4_/R7153)-RB0N8`+NHV02_+R/TR)^.:GH+R'B


@;F

[!RY8/E(24\LQIX





MM!E!8[#HY1Y[63C0@:2




OX


MXUY%E50:7P`9]@`2!$!Q.D[VO9)_%LF[-)F^/RF!O3R;_[&5HH5&@J-26UL0


M'R
%[#UXC6+/\,DC<!\I3<#96[2VFC=)U/1V`?2?V:
M99





FY`LRR!Q6[_\.:8\'DAWK+?6PRX?99NS8$4




MQL7:LR0OPKM%B@


M*9LG9#FW8FM+6AVM@OVE`/\&\VOIGB\JZ#.&`W1(@!A,H:870W%J![$USG

H?T^5:@+49V[Q
7ZHINPLW




MN'Y[X./-OP=;+UUFA0:N]MV0(=TK$I@C`P+[8O6B,-S^6^


41+).?
)\GVN




M'N`UA#5/PP&QF=/AZB+G*J3Y=ANE\P\;=SP/C\C9;3F*&SQN9TQ'K)H$8B4-

MKXJR
DQ-RWPL:6R^L]

R!R]K5XCJ.1P2)$RAA)`^H8`$O!97]I6=







:;8


'R]$H^@51(8U/9YLX]=

M]V0

MK4(OBMG=?67/?R\@

M
MA1
*I+V`PTJWUP1RZB$2NBY6A#-L#R4O-C9/


82@M8TTL@8;%`L4_LZ




M(X$=SWS;[31;#FP`
QT'W'*@W[Q5%
]W&0@M)]P+XG#V$HBYU7PY
`/OV[TX


+F`[$P7[W
MM
EM$GC^J-V8A6JZX@RB
Z+J_]Q__37+/SP6O_+W['G^\*4='0*F@/`6N?4Z

OB:L#_=3RWIH0]E*RP52




M]:+Z3\VI

XK\
JXSC:4T5+TR5
M)%1
?P!X%&O;AATWL?NB








MX!:3T'8
QQ$RX-@@')N0
RUID

[!




LD(DC((2G'!F.`S@R8Q4:@RFF








M%
%E6]58E%]^+'.\NW3ZMO'+'^`PP(O]X7=18_
CHS[^A[$ZE)`XC@X*$





VOP_M=403;6:-V_V
MO_9#Y^XL)&T

M*/M^L=OG+HCZE'U;.!WY[8='B#C6#ZMOB^?@$=[`GK_IZONHNZ=+(12GBA@&

IH$%'Q

+BBI'

A:&]J2J
M`FT8

PB?




$
MH%Q&\'#-*70HRKM*+`R#5SG.LQUX`]NC+?BPWVUWB[5-C`VK+J`#))0126+

M3O6$:)#%
3SAE:*GIYR7


MZ^RR(^KA]YR7-?@
MP3JZ!)N*7$\WE$%Y3UA/FWU^[8WBG_BT
C5
/]0Z!F?#Y$'3N'P%6JBGU6OYX?7:YKQCNPU@/H&?<L7]D\!/900GH

_4

M8+

ML5)#00N\:E_(OGY[WOQ1JGQM[7;FZYYS^LZFZ.F@KQ^_F-;JASNA=?WAZ`
M2M&*

8FL.Y0;+3

M?D4F_
;PV/4N2
5N]
?571%#Q44YXJ0DAG14@;GN8$WZE^[`(UU^ES=Q!?
M6!%X(QMS=TT8!N249IE

:DP7O%_F_L]TQYSM;CQF[4HWZ2
96




M8V[\+JXW^)NW3
M*/7(GD-Z5


DI%=YR2-K
WV%,2U<1KG@0SKE;E!X!_0MBU/A9C1?HW

8XR2;O)XL_]U][A_KD_#G:W?:?LA
M7

M(5)73K=.)



MKGT=V9KK4P^5[Z07311:H

'%QM3/'
\'Z3
*(

M

OW#[8P


(P5

'6^GX
\V1$7G!YU4C[O[TK9@




MQK&E_\M]+T\MI[;!Q06JJ[HR!A+;L!

9EX



SO_[=8S.O\5%D.7




MAHY4)?]IF=YZ\LK(4S7Z+$NDC66)74`UZ/CMX0Y]KVJ8P:(N;D@7$OE?T]6F




M'XO)78[':57\


M*&
;(G(JJ`8?_UVD[')QZWZBL_VM6*N9%
N^GQT.ZS_]F*\&6=A]W.:T#\]I


MA?FK_#^8;HMJK9>YA0C+




M!


M.BM7J%M'YZ2W;MT-5[9J0\H7I2GU-WT64312D
J@`WU21:F7H'
'C%K/;KB
ME!'K626YLAOH
9EN@I;IS@8/1V!%X+\T.2HRVP[.C$CLFL:.NF1T+PIJ3
MV'$!E`P
CU!(13
\H\2DE7G2
DT%X[FB^C$O^P;8B.P
FU4[5TH_Z=W1[IY'

+@VB1F]



MEX$E0C$16/221U

P1\6T_GB4['X.;TI_'RYJA[O

XZ`D!1C!


\!U4%:

DF
MLYE90Z)55`ITL;P7F[$TPM!C#D

MQ

0R(65-(`C(08TQL%[C

W-\YJP

M^4'XRH/*O#4I+\0AE;_ZU


B1L=(&`:G$B7)9\AW

M+(L
Z12&$\

N`
;**%


M.2X4'`WB!KKKO)!
RQG.=\JT**OUJ\BT=!=%SP6-UE9G&01*H;$8-RO'P3`C
M6&;K
$67A0M(V=6E6LX@3'R?
%U+JJ4S/Y(Q&W*4%LN%2&DZ23+*!=$NMP;R
M#`(-E?!`.:E*V0%JNBZV&J
SC6VK


P2Q[G&+Z



3
K[DX_%
MY.9[L?SC;H7(5FD\_NQVB`LEE68][9)$`Y4:?T,RB(!F3EBDKB\]2WJYC+
MW6
6RW
MIJ[43.E20TOT-3CHWT&S!'$[F'U?;Y(%T*7CUKL&Q5[`-%3Z$_6][U[N/]2

M88^'$1U/Z8V5<]<[`^M32M65&EAWSQ/2SN5NH_*


=Z.XKG\55W*)@1.564:(NT%5\GH
ACGB%6SXG^GO.][AF72I-
MI1I'[

+%R


MD)HN8D8E59:D







H`@XRXE+(R+1212&\SR+
3ZN1%?'C_`0?+R$


7!4A:88?4-5629S
QG##

M

4!GGBX]%


MA.80GHM1UY9J:%
ZU%%:H'8)!36O3E^WI:ZC*EJ/$@2AKUA?GX.DI(VDN%9]
M?8X36&Y:%0



M;H1.\Z\L\2Q+
Z*#)Y9&0VBP&0BCN

MRAQ)R(%+:-73LT?(K6?LT!\VOTSFMBG=
HZ38$G4&01C:$?/NFLI60HUY8


M#1X)@0C$`D6/

MKE(-5;)L0U+=E,M3NF,F=)G9'G:!$9)QC&.LKC&6(YR)AMTOF:B:UC\SRF



M([DHS22^O_YV@]1&41*TD$

K@(
M\0C'4&\
X5-F;-<@DL?D<A8]8'

A]]OQ?XK)]Y4W
M^^_QXNM#.?IK-



&?)Z!O\Y(R@
M+J*JVO!28&
.AY`NB



M?M36%]T$;J)FQEH?ENL(WYTO=
G8[HB)LUK&6DB71





ZA/+



53=H


M!W8?BS)C2:X$T$/.TIL'#D2RNY42(328;7.NJSGV80&;93]GM^N\.G:;G:
MK_##N)@6C^.3?8!+Q$]XGB6

M

M6CS4J5LE/`7#-\\(\8G;
+[ZQ=M

MFY%$9Z!A+.P90R&0SXRS#$PFU8*O4D[1SY'O6;VZH$


:$?9_YW
/`/]9!0'!@+0U(3K#;)9Q1RC'<5

-JB
M#CQ%GEX=H`M.DE12(9LHT2I-P7HI!PX/*'''=
*
DIQ%\?HJS@K)KNCUM`'*





[+G1T:UVW+'ZJX:<]%P(AH38G]@5+L__E4'[@]<

MCZ&W/'7)(Q-

ECX+SVRFO/0I:




#3B8[
MS^)QF\E4`]8N5094DQ#$
)R`''%)4Z1I=VE-RTG!KO+.L+\1UN8!K`56VG#-

O?KA\
MM@

H!?O\DWMQ`
MU*_HYO$N4BML=BWD1&12^S5<@EQV


M'?%WE/VQT:(5(

ME9;BSJX:T$!NWX!F14@]Z6Z_/@.-I'(5$9H)V/U)KL#'R5*BI
TCET=&RW2U


MB0UVBS`&=3[.CI^;_%JI
UEN


MXC2S?(/D2S1(R*\I_W@%0MZ!%:]H^`EE=:FT=UNH-S+CPI!N.T-ZAIOU!G
MHW(*

M$SKVF7!!Q%E6HPGCGXFP3@2#A9VO6.T1HR'K
J:NZMD_COY&YH:JVNX9


MO)(E8U):G


M:9HXG42**$DUH

M$[PB/:*U$P=M/
7+:#RIFL$W7.*ZA;R3:/C8X)I



M1F-=R[.'NV7OB_O):#X?/X[O+W4VXN(1_




M`L#1A-`[)U;CZ*!41!/PH$4GJ16F
V
42\8Q`M*3-.XN3I#PF.[)6V01ER
M4(IC`KM[/Z!DOH0)SF4Q?AF=UB_8'P!P.)CGU3\H_P&A=O!8YJI!Z[25)E2'


M=ZQ.@.8\9XP3BM
HA07_V]H
?I$@9\1BI5)1R4JEC52+:5P]]P45$_6.N8V:
M3@)4IOH[**)O




H=VJ/`.

M)#F:X%9Y



ML;>T=9!^H&'*U9I


-UO


M-*:QPXDT



M+8&N&^HV9!D
V*DF
M5?/N(ERH0\Y`@RQXD`!@;^)!#Z`I1#-QYL=$XF\;HR)[)Z,Z7[&BFNJD5X]



<*2






MSSQZ0


U,@+\\:*&NFMSD1AX*J%$M_SA/T&J;UJ*Y?I5&_=U\TOL

M-&




M@=_#:WB_$0X%I52C4`CHGXX-
BD-$+/*)'G
I0T2BV8C4H%FZX_?$B5O&U%F

%[DA/E')$H]!/7E`2EN\#N3;K^53!N0A_9($;S







M-ULD68OZN6U5#*^SZ8Y94XM\?B.15!HPI0+
41`X(%.-PE0+%%$=6I\W
B1/
M*P.0#(L2R3KE7


M02M.?EE`6Z^DJVG
/:U5FW

!O@4N80JJ=9=2




M*)JDB_7'OV]6CT6]:KHF(


M9]U(;





M
)W.GY[=A3%TK)6Y?.O2;$]UEO

WY)ITE($J4`Z2FP4(W2
Z:S?+[]B648
M&:V!<MG&`01DF4(FIB'JF6*R#'$8.%:7KO7Y'BWJ[]J
90P_CC1VA=W4



MQG@(0V$8




2:-
MI-%F]3I='3#CM2)2-_ZN5?]QE1:L;-QK`'N\@3V-HY@FB4!$HM]+*D[6H@


M8R

E50_E5JF%\LZNE]U%Z'2W9RT:F*8V8



M3:@U7A&2.+(8IL2@@%)E'Z::11$SU`0K6U


M^PTPPV?%FKCX


MQS1$`0DXPB(&NMO$!.FR1?:W29:-EEO4ZY=7)H$MZ


M

M9;


8K3/J+P!T4T#/O*@]


M!%&\Z..U7[+NBFR5QT/D-BBO^3@AG$JU&'1MRZZO\XT8%/K`X5O46.%+7B

MZ$((^'EA3
J(!8PB@HF5WL@4:28Q4H&

@<G_`5,EI+2';IT\`/GII.
M!WK*Z7`@UH?)\5EI'=R(DT5SWP4P`L;KTU+Z,B91D$J-$@;EL-5%R0XM&=(

A!K%2FKS:-%;L=\49`D;VV_BUO;;'GAJVF_BG/UVH2!-8NL@
MG=8-[^65T[)
DU/&VQ6E-2*Z`=&)8B=&:?OJ[NMHQ2O/&BWE!2
1!:RYA`%_

MY#!H3%CK22A2N13W




M$+#E1.#*4?EC&O.+8PW&W##FS\7Q/5KSBZ


V9


1O07]CQ
MV
8\]F-:[XL#35UFVC]:_!YM^
5!=OFH?UCPYH$'



/(VFPTM0OIC*

M0.ZT






B&3I%XGUO
!)XAZ#6%RR'YVW#9L#

M72?YKP[J/`1OWZ?W#V_@[Z/



8$
M=EG1ET%_]MD]_]
*$(]V

W^ZFP[^+P/Z0_@@^)2/




.FP20[FW?F!QVO7
)


1C2H+^BO.8`D*JY
M9V;A
`1&@-:K':LKE

63JVH^-1XW^MU
MS0U?B.:<




W3#

PI\Q1G







A`24?#72+U+/IF#!6=L.$I5+#X$[N'1U$Q
MQET*Y19@^0#B2A1#'JK@2(,)7&N]!W7=1ZE!EJ\L!CQ,:)#2,1[T;X5YE8

X0UWF`00F
MDHJ%









J1!R`GL
E/8VLESUY2VH\:]Q(+F]9+[;-EA5C



N1WA;FF80V:`(D63BN/[B^?P]W5*

V_WT(+PV%


&G==1OPCWKV)Y#:3B
MJOU*(2OS$7/1T^Q!
3=3@
)0



[C6&]



M$Y6


M'^!1U&`&U0A4LU(924CR'!7,`Q1AF82+
XX$@3K#-V722_Q`%8D?[#?21T

M(%OB@A
N-U])I9)*)97Z@DHUBJ-2LUH%)_TZO8+JP(YT1
+'[`!WN)Z'`H4N






MT+6KS40#SQ-`5(Z




M

*<8LCW++9)=(D)];W2=Y=EXGV4J(9U'.Q`J;F-UK.%?BR&#HH*QW
M(X<.%'(/?8,U=#*)3`2DUM%N`L;[N3P5R+=6G(URY57YHA3X



+=-CP+




M(P
_*GYI*%)#T:2A*




%?5:5
MVF$C*9(4BR+%O7JK:/_WI&Q0VO\E'&`IM/]+.)`XH/W?(G+IBNVWD1Q)CD62
`

MB=\3IMG%


MJKR1&90GXXB

1S[@;O(9GWG!*
:


MW8[J-]\N!J!7;



NV+.+Y^L



<Y


4[-J--96


MNRL6L772EQKL]N^@P)K:W$^7LD
17V&


T
R3V?=U2OYXI%%
M+A^E



KF_M9N0GB-'(74J[+UJN3
_XVNPS@6YWUXD8





MRZ%07H

MJ+`-5+_M(6O7#PR]ZVZX8,I'O#C'Q\KW[/V/SW441LH
(;;
HM(*T/_.;'



/Q
M`&BN



G\(#.


MPWV=

*=J$+





V%SZS%
OQ


/C/`+S^.^



R:+WNW[(IA3@GD9;S4ZI?$A-41J


M1\83*9L]JJ:DXVL*)ILE;6B+K8*(_#BE]-U5J
5E3).Z:W:]T6D2B:8P5K
M197F6






`*9*BK5`Y=








GV-




O_62F%
.7EF#]P


MPTFJXRJ`\U@%1V?B0PQQ2H

O


@37@*_PD/
MA1Q^[F(HO`O6HP)DT`M`(0%OG3FF!``F6X]A6(
?7#M23Z`L@%2&C)9-)AR9

J@^03G@3
&\*OV=MAQC+`--I]!./
M[5OX!#G7F1TY)0P^@F:#]$=X333'%QR9)
QTSTFE
_


M@]V'JP4^.`7R##
(*D7C0LI'VDGA&RB\N%'0_7L\9@!3`LA]X*)6CY/CQWW-




RDQ*3O9@!N.ZEL#2[ETV`TF9,QQ'
M&
TT&#4T;!Y4@:#_LV-?!

MO-YJ0]I@3)'_16PI9123ZCJ

E



GGH@E\



M7%AHS)!\SIC[`XP2()&





%S#&\7P&%RPWHD/?P
MC`5OH.EA!\RRGGZ#U^#=W/N_Y+Q\(5W4,6!N\BO`D5C+[O/JR.E
A=G;8J6
MC\K**[:V$%Y*`COK\

ME7NA\K.AV.'U


M=7UQ3

M791P#R5
UA
E@(
H)VSTV%RS#T5!Z//0]26V$INI2'OA4&)8\WK/FV*A

-\#YMR*L]'`^W:`IU7QC+I\)NH+
M2Y*41

//O3`M(!U^IB6)#C^?;-5T^+DAY_W?J1
M#CL3-.AP\VD.
!UF?F
`'_
P120:D]`PM$I+$K-'L:;4JYWO[1\[7K8
$Z]*
M^WP4(WOR$%![;0(!@:#D(@W:6
.@6:U]2KDZ:@[[52F'^5/)5!=)2PL$BM



M3!/Y-1


M$+GM$TUONPO





;C`)+X6`;K(*1


SAPE$

M$@CV9:1S69Y4#&.0P;6V`1`*5#SB$YAG%D%X43

MX+)U;`*AQV!J::%'-H`=`F9_GY8H8*%.D
;&@6A\@&SH&G=$O7:VG(.^)8
M]1

5






175]]Q*=^0
MON]G\TP]J





MMAVSY74









$&2=I
MC%





MI#AYF`)
&(P79@C!0K+42(O2A'5);`.F2GS#94K1QZS:/57.A-P%W`.::&/
M7,2HJF/IPE;P(0)2T!-;2KJ#L-;RCC
9YY;._K*A]E!CPY^$?Q4IEC9

M;FP2@P-9RC?5`R^N0VN!7MWG]-OZG+I=_8'GBMQ:]SG5?4YUGU/=YU3W.:V#
]JQ&5
'

&-`^
M9V_


MZG9U*?JQHZ!+.V[-W9Y&P1.@P.[4'`4-?/+:J



M#0HEJZ\-`V])`4:8_KO^QPN0G!^'(5M(_A6R*TG@R29



\^
AN
ME2#6HV&&$=K*)S[Y[16/PZN/HTZWX[3@']






BA:S#4P7!P[Q`C4X%9''XC4@<V0+Z
M+?4+90E
B0CBJUP3+1


50C


MN]

WYL


MLS.*I&&U%G'U^(4L!220

MA$#NIW$B\S`]$QSSB=$-]S
]3P#/5_$Q2#3



D`9C&-D]LGVQ#H](:&
[2


BI=??]G!W%W._QV'692R)+]*'IIW



^VIJ


M?:(QFX0`SR!@OPAP:\6H'[76P9/7^QO-YU&**;&2S[FX1-V9G.N8]V5C4FZM



6N?=AK=^:[:5
MNT5\?+SF:ZL8')IZG%(W&[-LDF-G-R3G3#LU4E=

PW7@
MQEN*6B;.2Q7[C%#<TWD`F]O4]#`<



M%-
]#/VY/E5KWCD]V_-


[3BX8Z?#4N]TFY^[754

M5DJM6/(!Q&W`[N_4JI3ZLT7M#!ULT8%[F)?@#!U4*JOBM9^&TT&34O[?EQQR


)_U[_RM*$X^+D]9P.
3L.+GU_GO
MP'P/






?+I4H?4KR&?OZ=`X@=V*
`74?-QP^60@\&X`8#KR^OU1QV^-1@X`P)L.

MQ#

M










MHB\QOGY%9@_HZ7B1!/Z
P=Z2IE'R/L^%[]F#KO&%&8+(EM1P6FBV$DGN(\
+



)M=GDH4Q-NB*PO@IRS?T


[UW*09.+
E@49W-YG3E8VV]F:MV

M\(

M95ICM:;B*SU@$EUP@B8#Z%A8XPAP1
4U39!A+00WX9@VAAH9`;I@A`*L2X
M`C`36L3)BN6$&JRIO=(A%=A;..C%5.CD*S'ZH7421#1N.`Q&%.E`K$3W&%






J


4
.C4H/Q
M!!MJR

W?#9O_




M2EMSO6*GKU65.?S)X

M+?W2N!K*IWW+3ADJZ`ZHN6S@%-E]
@:@\+W`*
.NUA\8D@5'I2!9!=0`B&
MJ

M8VY8-C.C`;-.:HZ+4G\*K2I?BPN9S*&`53562IG[!;4WWAA(?6-6=2`03+


M20%27
(:02-ID8R@E'3EC@'RT62TELW6,06]=:,Q2+.P9?2S%KO@7^=!


L

&1BQ;
_E!M`P+QQ

2`+@*K3P!%UVA


M1@+G0Y^P--35V94R7D1OX(5

OXZ!W531!`
H1*%O!Z!G


`P$3IZ.)



M16!




4)

;WIF;CGBFI73.%LS



5!!V`:9DK+R2






M@2DI?B^8#SX1N



'R[0]5UNXC.A[[





KO%_


M6+0)&Q\D8=&KMD`O!'$3SUE2(L0)1)B


M=RDE^)S@E4K'B7AV$)C*;!JV-JNB[?%2X1^`'%R&*($J*DO%2;^Y
['F$-
MY'`!-(%I8H6$P/!-B[G


MKP(H&22


M#A![.$]OT(+=O1OLCKS^H#_H&N
KTS


M7OM+O`K^3'(6_


M/FC3P7PI`'D$3GS1Y?&


M:+*OXK61ZUP
QXYC7(Q[EN'85XXQN+)'AF6Z[NAR-'2'_7&;B]=:T=[%M%]9












C\1VS9ER3UL$-@L








MZ^01QJLP;F]!*



A:.#
M5TC'*`.Z88N01RP(N)49SA'+=

@2SR!.8`_I%L-#R=B[O#D&A

M(

6[/)6!]*VN5\!F%^RU*8A8S*J4B9_W3.PZT,,6(L3
MLC?\PB6JQI]58;
6`02$2





MO
0'.




M/`@5%7D/%6G7OB3$N@%:E3)R'H:S0OYB3[=-M]VJD?A@!WX3.$Z]P3GR`:V^

MU

M





;B)^&`'




M
?E\[B=P6:J!FH

MC.+0+W][IG/!
1;5M%I2L'7$6J4&!5I8MC2@LB5%'OVJLJ67F#M'-J%V4J5@
M=@]0EG#%TXD?PLS_R_Q$O

MX1.H7-L[NU))FDI+0;5FRBR%I93L;E?`[MI?B@HQ[7:YYJ]
XP2=6ERY!!Q@
M74N72;Z`_P/?)F

[/V5GD@FO3C#'L9P.(0`3&YC=#IVS$AMT


1'$[

M









$K9;T@+M^O;1-P=VHLF.!G[*/



XRAJ-0@#XWI@IFT;+2TMU
#0V


NFVJ3B&$(*
M#B
%CMMR6]#!9=A.;1+S75!.Y&8(!(3VC,EM#59,T3J[I%RWW)EVQ%U$HZ4
M^Z#[5MM12AV,B#NV.2RVU@7U1&+$Z)@;TDS=CC?^


M8XC*M

2PVU07M1$*2$AHSYS0M67#
M:?FF9-MBH^9PWS)ES1;

MNFS9FVS'Q=;ZH178-&5;;_EV6MO


M246W&&=9J^_'5U?`ZNI5:]TJHSMVIW)+II]HIF3D2Z:D61)_(LHM#;(Y^[V2




_4^_0(/2/Q\V







M[

M:ZCKS-4/RMR]IION'7(Y\$(6Z'J9-4W-(K8$N,,.G57L$:D4+QHD6CT@Y?

$]

&!Q



M(S(C24(Z33RXP61KKPO4H62EI(`N/-M++








N/??@5=8+V[
M)0EVXGM=TTYL:4'#$%J0X;NJG:CE=W8G7%)KEZ!9M'0R_M\HV('X2QE&FZ)








&77;3F


MFK)F


MRA2]GW2:SOM1@/^
_YM34&1\?'\8G)$]
DU#40W#4




P(

:
?!TBPO
M@!Q`YRD)*?G

MZ#*#'T;T

MT]?`





.+BA/N(!3SGXB8\??L\3C/PP/IWFTAX


M'6`Y*[FK^=%[42I


MP`DZHQQ66@8HC`8APNSYX*!%B/A/I$N292$/_;EHUNCMW22$K
A=QZ:R6'`6

MW2ZM*)MN9]2G2UQRV-92T40#Q;+1@+@VZ.G3:7((/9W%(=A#;F+3?`&^`VY(






;Z(\46




53VL\X$_4$@P=#
=;&O))'7W

5





68O$







MV(AM5PC$






'%4E!T<88?<HS5W6.&K.OQ?7
Y#C:NDN:/#S&G)/7
0#[OD4D-I




M7

6:!J+_-1BZ
`NT
M7&?

')Q20XJPS:41@

'*Q`*C7&H9BM7`=1$0LHI*JBJ$U$!&(B#DB+$73)-_91T3L=-6P
ME88FN=(LOPL)(Q=+.'=


6O2L:DT
M;)$

\F/YB(*T#B3=7







:)A`$WDX


R($



M:KVYB3S4NOJDZO&`/
C(\6/6^XSQB./]E27IF$)79U:4X_Z=^8G/-]YFCX)=


DR8@:0_[I9=(J`DA;_RIP-Z[2?30\:$AH[+BG@9




W[T!#2R@O5';=;-QQCO2@^&-



MT5)KMJII-;UE-CNG6MMHG;:O-'CP#];WO.LE\NE!7OAJ$\#JF`$W&K']R`4B
M2



O@#K.J

?`8!S'T5?DMYGEZ;WF:7*7^ZL




WBF(;N/;0F


L_:3#'WY:2^E=6DO2./I!:SQ1//]]+I['QYH/
MUG
5L!.2RQCZ?]Z^Z
/0N5$0.).$/F/PED9@9QTF+@U8BC'7#Z\_'JG3SQ/'

49&08Q1Z-6;$5-7%U`N0O
.VW6^NLV?TQQ_9U?=8-5:]
M]ZJ?E79[]HK]&=:[WI`1/^_YGMZYNGZ_,+.C54!FQR^.'R;0[N/S*$EH\H[W
M9CCOUW(G]Y??\2R+85$AZ0V[0WY!8S_R-K0#0;%O4%Q2-W2Q!_Y+K^M4@HH


%&RHI64*U@^1+:21/V:)KS@`



M(*(ZH^N*J6
ZXJ*WU`:%N:GJ#H*CC7%:,H9(`ZE_WI_EM(R1=K+0`XHB0,T
M$_6`RDK?5DQ!#AR5Z-C/?Q*H=Y4#$
DM0=7OC)0@/8/(@`14&T$@/;;T$0R

@2IW@5]WD$-V6`@4J:9E*0Q?I
MNO;A.JS$D;JI*TVAKC-4P%`51_K'FJ68+7125TOJ7.BX@U]1Z1];BH'Q
:LF


M[




M]9(WY(Q*(U-D1;X_#[9.3%

:^X'Y]M24D9E_D


!4#$



XK$3Y%[*P67[6_]S[_)/]GU(H2CTBY?L?ON2/WW:.^]=



'

)2P.69]'UP^N/1^KT\\3QO-EG7O;CD::J;Q_F823#*/9HS(JM&+*KW/^
M`JOQ=FMK=?9

8B'B6X+3@/+=L


M(*+V5&LN!5.=7(=_4
LY4^`'H

B453H]'B[TMN
M=BP^UY8

MDPA1\CCG4?(OE?R!:#\BZSIG=)BB;B




/$QRA7+J(]B

MX\I4N_L







WTD1)2VO9


?IP3UU`\3T(C
MV

O:^_00/D

/'5\N6*#7X]8''ZY/'6;KJ/#/],Q#?U/PSM

M]_1.V['TEFN;S5/'/G/

MA].;&R`W^7L4)R



DC2OF;R&)$


U@69:$.1%ZO^_E1(@6(H4FW&.C
MQCG1=W*=FO120K




2C
9)?

MM
\!APL-/7[Q:OZ]X_53O;56.1/W&\L0\BLZJ[W$DV[B$8YD]AJ:E9?+[/!Z


M@7J[1HLS3V^9PW/(Z$5ZQ'[DXI99B=?2HB969!I[
*


M/[V=[




M4A2MB?;6=5ELM%Q\OH8'WY







9VQJS;KMG.#W+T$^ZK5/=


N_37(]U^U%^G[9Q9;JNA=[M`W6D:/?VD`=WO
MV;U&KVF[QEFSS:VJ??1;VS::AF%
Q\83NS0OCY



29&1((?^`
M*
SQ`+D(=1C:PIN%+


MP9GF%C$/!PF-O&&0


WRI[
]Z

QY&J4!7Z099
7@^QC`6
MTPS
7)L.
/A4CM!7'$1MP9\'Z



4?S*M8XN

M(PI]A-#R7^9E($EXG_K_S=-


@ZXP_CL:
MYF(J!T\F;
869RT1N.;8Q?PQ@?`01`
NVP*#&W*S?D8Y[K9&('DCPAM-WBW(
M1G'&\T.@S#L:DSY/GX``2P(:%HP


/ALP

MVL*^%HZ.?4VL;:UE*(YR^BR8PTW/**P_];'^_
?SSRY-5\J7V
T+W3'^[#:7

M#F0&+H]7
S7#J-G:E


4!@@-BJ3:F^


Q1F(%7B
'\7A;FD.R-_IY(_


0^`6T`Q]YC'1G




7T0Q3Y97)8*=V./ZMTXI%4EYV&




F^[&#'@QD#!`:(K=J4ZIN

5
MR


!I
M0?6D4T!HP]_#`.3!WX*!E!78ON

8


MBJ-!@@KO-$U7UG)KA7PAQ(&
EIBW(CXM*DA7B)7&:ZF'@


M



I!`KDB_

M+9L3BM0A*3L^O_Y6=9

I
YP
+[#/


MD#VVXJ=H!F;5


M6]Y;DM9:/]6AQ-EOL8P8OLMM`$0$9[C*4J\

LW#
M-


+
M=S@86H9[
3HR!D?&L=V;#

M_V_S1^`?EBXB@TOA

/UI3I1:@O@AER

)^+V:R#0'=HMHU0VS!?HPH.LDF7!ZEB

M73;%9)WDC?GXU4H1I


MLQM2H@-
TZ$\OLXG+X





MX'T]


MW1*6#8UU(,76\V7K5,VUF?-'@=/AOC8@$?1<^^.LF(R9M@\LNJO2:



MXZ76=





CB3AU0JX:(I7'AQR?/)#3IO5^$2/?B:AM0P!9IKM7#=
MVGXMGNO;EZZ$?`HRGP68-=W#@C15C7C0F8M733N<?/50*TG,^Y5=)<*B-


AH8'^%

M'P0:AN96J-O!WLB]K_`#

MG!?!PX5T+T+9*!$P:OK7`]Q9/YZM!2(!A]=AP$'-CWGBVZT3U:+PSX.II6




M`H[['XXFYH=QSS+ZXYYC'#F]H^.1T7-'$]
^.AJ9$\.!!1@'?^!&%ONHIG@T


F8;RL4MM]A@5)#O#8,F`I/K:1*;R9
M8ED,,.B_?'(:9OF._?`KN_I]%S_]M%NHSTAE_]X$]AVEQV_F7Y?:NL%JWLT
M!S8$]


8]J)JL
=-V3S3H5`6OM`:]H.C0*4]J*VE;8

M;6S3ULT^580D'`SU43=;(-/N8UEU?3@PU=[]GVI6_G3U=XYGJ-U0?A+6&[-T
MTR4E2'@HIV3KEJ6X.%1-&4J(`E
?#A4OJMKXC=4V8ZH^%PJ2K(.&6FG4BE?
MT:1OG6Y3I8QTPW6R%_LZ[9)!7H[CP

9+G-


M\1OYFS]]T_NZZPXDVG-*4FBOQI/P.+(_M-0&/Z%AEQK0DBP$WUX-*.'NF[K3






SR



LS&`Q!O=7.0A8LD`2D-)NZ:



0NPRSBR9*D


DW/
VO6
JO(Y+V:\H0M!V9*N62

M85W
M6]QPPC%B_E8
R-)
2\/4%?9)CV!#`3)WGQ

MA[X'

_

Q1_7


M\*&


!XG/8

M(7_KX6)$6V8C'_95*8VBF%QX.GGV+1=.A##.K\(4:UC][\I+`9S(#-N8=J-^
M5(J'ULA[^5K_HG!Y3/_.;K5?C4.W+



59=

O`L
[*X\WB$'Y*=8ZS`3
M4SSEI1N`+$!;R`X^61AD+4K0C^F7*;;&=<7J8,V038T%GS:=UBR`M"!ZW
M]:).7Y@5-?V$O8!/);SA#XR
@5&K4SV^W74MDQ%+/W%+P6W)2FP-PM8K84
MK_`'4\%&L]RTNOLRMZ`

20^V'(M25JZ\6.%8X8NPRS2&PS

M4-Q$_[VOBF\67S'P*S!$'_]U`UP`SB='V:/?Q_VD?WK/8Q8=%O_URI2(.'
M*UN&6[H$H*KGDN@K=_M`=_UJ'=H5NQ:\65=H56')8BY;/X6
&K`Y2U'VU!UI
M


;-?$#;?;!^:A
M7;






C9U%\S2K0%)1H*!;J@.`Y6L0I2#

MRA$R]


MBJ-`)5/PS
O3)/8N\4B$W_!E




;25Y@43A

M[JMM_9VO9CTD9E14;BP+L9
@;(H3S*%N*-HHF03A#T])I@!(R[-YQJ)M#1WR


'H5U\2=//OVK

M&]


UWJ6\^)3E[\W1MPR?UDV92BT3=SS?1

M&%HD
%84?F'1+?XZAG7GXN\9`C!)\;M:PH?:?A0*+`I/X&LSG!7P!LSI4)NN
M/UW_


:=X:,\+ZX6T'*M1P5A#J#74H&DL^/@J*
M92;T2J54@;/P5:`S<@/P)?(NZ(0P4*?7]H&E90BQP!(^GPX#R<Q3U!L95M

M\)1B8ML9#T?O]$\0PNXRWY68-2MS?`?)VB73:^250:6D$BG%44D.6
Y.DD

MZG%GX_XBPML4`6WKKT;-DWRAG=$[:/SL9^OP,'$0I9@24LE]CMP-FKKYEF






M39`LW($LU
M(@[(P4

MAZY


WG\'M+U$V]^&-
N?/Y3C#Y9U(JVLFBD$A\=B.N8]D@?.(JG=E-8[_L3^RW=E2JEK^69_1.V
M3)D?KDLNM5[627AB/1CHMJGXH;5J



!)X38&=K
#.8\!IG0VH_NVW








M8QJ
%_&\F(R
P.;8P-;[%`?L[.Z;NBE5Q8=V&H&U
V`Z`&Y:W#F*:GT2=[O8

:?=

MT^9)I.JVA*#^B?EWZSPMW7743Q[ETR`':@WY?IYB95*&F=

QJ



9RZ]OM;__/)F^[YV?


(XT









M0Q6XK)4IN0/==&3*Q^Z4X4%X(#P0'I0V2'^^EMR(I



MT9'H*!
#`T2V;
MHM6$`UL?62U+


M5)2%BNVY\=MA


XB4
MC4&K4FY5ZF9C`Z$&=5Y4`7F:Y6!2VU\0;4O9=@4

5B8I24K%]J1D/QHN[87++XZ
.P+*B
M#(W.P\#5;8/*9!`
=-
9J0V#%MK5+3L/)SH2'66B8YOR



&FI_$URQ%:S9/.IC5
M*.&Q*Z4W$AXHSY'PT*&$1YF5*77]4H]#J\!`6*CRA`U*!`WE,1YT*Y#N#
M;54^&5&1J@+%7]J/&O/V8[/.'WMA@4N3^37-G6[3[&*SN/`&N@NE:(B'``.

M!]HL20.6XF

PO^C5^Z\^6^;:&4NU








M%@?S




MDPU-UM/_9^_:=MM&DO;]`O
.1)``#D!I1(HZ328#R+*=


M`3'F?5=*3(_&L4[C6$:
7Q

UN+K.^
_?YZ/3QM7E\
1
MX$H01G/F:\H\_CS\Z^KLXO


?3\1C&
*^MU+*
S
LF-.[XY(M(
M&@G_FC3B)`J_\

'@_

MO2M3IQ:`



MRYZXQ8N__YK&C1O&%K]=N3/NI3Z_F)YJH@
-N
*FR8P
P\#387MC+'`
TG@

_LF9G\Q&4
\H
MC)-QQ`/O





NKU5I(@.GYSH+W:8;A=

M5.KL_=MJ:/
G!\RK!_Z


M%)]8DD8B$3R^F'X



$]6E]/[DL%1;




?=1K#$WO4&`Y;K;-VMS48'5L'$BU0W;.*5SS!P[[)



MA

WZNEFW=SWK


KOMFK^&M4ZQ9Q^B
M




LV:G2@=?]V*:4;J'%R'JQ'U(


D!
2&2`J(#9$4'!(;JD1&XCGW1#K_H9S$
MW:US$CMOMDY)O)



IAV%H]5Z_4U%%.@
M9@@

&T/EH3%!+B(%V`R@E7HWYM8GFK%(Q0YS<#!&&O`$'R5!4)`04!QD$#A5`<H
MRBQ#PL,W+)1NB61T-ULH/2(9A!V$'3O$CDY5L4/QB8W@T5DZ-``\VM]P;[0=
M`@\#P*/'8)'M\;@897<&ZUF;Q-XM)JM;U*/!^!A3)F(L/<IX@CS_IO&R9Q#
M5S



M$F#(










MW5MC$85@1/



_*DHT\DI
=ZXI:VDA0O


ZY`-&*VDY\O

051DB)PSUF$

M!\Q5#P]


'[`(=


M:AIW

M:(']=Q^7O61SP`S$C3BKV@


MN_`)M4FM;0_1?Q%*7NL!QA[C+1N+@+0ZC[!6+5@3,9H0@6?8=*D5U?&8`XS
MQ]MG(#JP#'!?D5!MGTXO6S1)

K(MA06M7?LF+MM;'@@N.6`2



G83I)
$YS









#O,L$96A,L(55T

MTDU&@4#5XVN6&CX`1[:.D0X_L`32F*
-[(M;G@4QZ@`N?&/\1PXD?!;ZGB'F



M4:@:S42EO18Y1JY;B86ZM$
]FWQ/+G(AY:^)[FZ6!3=HX`N0XZ$M+,V2XY<V1B^JDF


M8-UJW8@66UBGB!8E2R%4\!`Y7.@EZ(^35$-!E\1X3U%855'GK;Q'YTL!U0?B
MG$B87N9FJABH^)#Z`6\@8ZB52[!=:3YR_?U;PYOF2F]P+^NH29IMM855%P

()$Q6\JV?
M8S[3\V2IJI

'X)]#G

MM$

MHOMRS7CH+;\






R#2
_Y!4LP5$











;V\Q(9+*JV
M'PDH2^Z#C;ZD'GA:^/0*TZXBJ58DH8N+^7^%5(7\XB_VE.W%J_GT.9Y'&[

209Q=8NB%R!UOMPJ;PY89BLG*I8)(J










Q4]^-0]

M

1
1=U2.1+
_
M*1;?P)^F00(_U7K:)





5N



M7



Z*'M!#-66_(+9I@DS[

HU=YHWNK%]FMDW:4P


MGR-2T#DB.3V%[D8^0DJB$HKNPF19ZC)9&FW3O5KV?'9\UG2K?\G)[SYXM1S
;LTNKU'M5MH_<D`#Y+6O_6S\X]
M]P#2-Q2Z^Y7-D/PX1_EYS@0+J6M^@D^U
1^+GN='6*COXA0WGFKS9W&F\60^
M?JI[8$?P/`)YC_%!:O7
8IUBY1_5
XJF]2*K3W0\X5':0D=C9(:30E_GBA+L


`(]!@N=E(M[I.

Q'7/J)Y

M]V;[U

M9P%*
/3LO'L[G0.;XOB(

@8MGA


M57Q12#9MF


L3I
MA*'_SJ;7]X*KE2-0Q04S(EBAZ-APP$`TS)%
X
V`IX0&I.?EJ81K$PUR`*XI

M&%\*_%0T\ZSN%`HR&Z7\^JR=?2X@\U-!VRUP

MS-)Z#5&`Q*\QL6G
]-^)J#`BC906


M!:$G'#L6#J#-D[?L!)[)ZG[TM


QC\HH39-DD<<6!$;+;T0'O<Q\XN6+D-5X*!PSM=E9,DFSY9)Y'

M0*#QP-\'T8/.1Y8IKVO+P/7C6CKT=5LND=H^\`8L4L


MZEELXBNND]*0)K_F*$#J_Y

72\OD#2[*`SJ'=%*#0F)

#]!Q;8V?XW
+U:I*F
M:V=G9_I#=X^#.3;.L3/1T`]P6/AEZ()`C`-1Z3N8NVQ&;G1JB9_/9FRAWH:

M
#/%A]V;H])^2*@-

`_

?7W@]\:B:.H+T5







MDS=I8
W$49

3''IO%*R_Z$9'S
M+6T3[(P;AAJ3V-0V=\[3%`H67X1-%/(BL_PO:=1#
M2,6YC=C.S]FSJ4@[X0A=
^*YLH3\/E6$3EN0(#E-A%UXS#NJ7R^U\()Q

Y[I*1))C!GF:Z18BCE=
]O#+
M]

NBL_NHF[3_$V%8=*+44Z8FZ4-P72UY\*RB@)LDN:



M12[





&7[


M+9N6O;+


/ZA9@E_88AZ`

E%X3
M=NWZE,]CSS

H2C@'(X5\M&D\


_F3/B7CZ07`!*0.O]^9(&(GUF@6]C!MWRZF
M/R$8P'BRZ%\Y(3&.!K-
M

*_#AWA2X0_PSV[PI8

MEE&O_4^];IA?+Z^&7QLMZRM*1\
T.U_K;S5W^NM;=_JUU6EWS'KK:VMD]HVV

=;-5J&=_


MI)6UGL

MY#B0N%-'HD2Q

)



W

M-P[K^
A]6#`A!N*+ST;#P:OITL#RNH8[.D8M/2VH;3('@_&N:@27M$3E(G
M-(4
1\1J-`[K@

Q)^\*;2F





MNK']]`]G_M2U??L^`'#^]


VRGR\'6(X!?%MZ=-$:A-8X1=#GCW


M]O+E+2]032*`=T2LE756@OE.8'[T!._/2WU/UK8
'%`W*B?M-]RI5U4#'DZ3

/9)'M3K8;6NYY!JDQTG:6TY0*J73(`!W

Q@ES?6S;(A3D3ORVDJ
`(5Y


M5FIM^L=H4#*%]
W[+?IQXFKX?N



V''XZF[AOV#
M):-D%)NSLC7W#@/&SJ;B

T


N%E;NBQ8?<^`%(^4'\BY]&1C<[J'`M(;P]%I?'8U($WJ
MD)S/HF^U-AR=QB*S4!G?;%THW2WBS3"-T*_?[('I1CS6B*BFCS<V/-@M2H

MHK5%W!Z[CKO$-H
EEJ&9T%U%2NH(7&M89WX;R.
[*AHJA^(4S4$S-E0!T+VJ
MQ7






D0A*R?(4OMH26U3#Z



B!Y/DZS^&!29S[




MG*$7_.O;YF9IG7^E`OU(X);LN-RD4P\U]&&;!*7W'3%_P^DPO`]F_(]BPJA
M#3!NLP06EB)Y96DH/*9$F6RNL[8*3?'T2_#TY\O;[^IQVFW;R^H`1/C]&

M7-##YWA;2WE3ZBB\UE$8INU
D=#
C]+;S@L/LX8I%O[ATPHJ^Y$=C16IGS6`



*BSHWV

^:DS?EKC5E4XGT!*:VS@)P)^Q(%.@AN]\2H_'2/7&9Y@11S/V3I8O])6!


$=927OP':33C\IU5.17Y-\5^673AXK\

='?ID(K\)%B@-^
%*D$``*:_]Q

BBY;X0?X=
M\3$_P]3_QT%0L`FVVN5@S@\#KR@:OBP-&TC#/Q^@D.@FOXY&*$7EI)+4$=5
M8-OM]V3?`/$
(::=

M?';AAM'W]3TY5B7'+-2JJK
J.6;QO.\=3%G2
=5MRP/A)%TARLXR[I1XD7E5
M!W7&9OW4&=,JC-V()[2:L,_Y2Y58E5RS$*MJCJKDF,61^XN*10'0P[Y3PI




B


(!OXWBNQ


M9+'DFX#[$'A\1X@1X$PG7DQ_\)V0P0(%.
F4I;\5=._`+^D(2
^RK3#J=:#-\`#OQ:!O@4#A<



(
?X4
MW/K:

^YUKOGY`&GOD3_GULXKN
MJ4Q8)9^XK&B`K)@&R<1C.Q10SW_ITR242J8LK/T5DBESJR^_LW\H;X#G=)0S
M!_#N/YR*WD24*.?Z3K!@VCOV'9/)V'N1NW:RH7D!CHC*CH\8Q?!.'I6`*05+
M\2:53_;*C!$R[991Q48-0YM/YJQD&B0-2TJ=:^:L/B6
9\GAO!L
+R_U`D+



$$K8-Q$`YH$_\*8#I1Q?`8,X=?/BGCUD0
MS(E=_/84[V(`W&7O[#9KV]9X'V]&#7;3:L&_QB64:_]3QT6\O7R:OBUT;*^







M


87G`@NP[$!8YR^=_


M9G!
;O%X@7+%G&!NJE


VS4AU:]
-\M2I:.(BA;WU
M[J

)$0SV2L-J
M)QP



M'?%4EKPNW




MQB$HUJ!MN!F#9H]63])O():\0O_
UWK+T/6$E!%H([W+_EJP$`X0E'::)`N
M4,V(=%P-J8
?@.9BE*5?QE

K(*(SH(\@[#DQM.]V%!J]S@VD!

MZG`=-
$&I2R*BGL(+_(8;1Y-


M.

[O.
ZH/ED

0\2


M!5[O8/#_7V_7/]5

M:\.QU:Y9[9%9Z_;ZHYK5:K;KXV9_W#-[4@#)B9TAWBIOB]87R&BT/RN6[1Z1

V0CP;0$

)K


M)*[KL/W`KZ8XT5D$AZ!YQ4'G!`S9#($X
V3=8K3![B`X+`S`D[5]6^8`%Z'
M[4Q'SY+MT+#WY%!B


?@3O].H];1)X$_3J!;%J'!K2JH.

%L]FN]7F]0LZQAK]8?](Q:

!S^+YE1_[7ZLO*$P#J+K\Y%@


RWMNCQYF.6]*
F!$C*OF4*&6$XC+I
M(^&-P4IYA
VO(;
MON4%_C6[P2=%*.?/TTO%;SL+..*.@R`F9'?1:1?)G

W*.[4RD?`+6

MN^/*)'GIG1'I+'1GL&N(\&4)4K_42CA=(`R2YP%0;##M1H/30&50F@LCG8`C




D?$U_

MA3O
*
8I;1LJBME:#8




M/Q)K


^9J#2Y?G0W=&;0_JY3-P1J\D0Z%*`P9
W



MK4C`R\B;D?#V(V!Y%CN2_-!4])
WY3XE!\7;LJ
#%@`)!!X!\AAOA4)[+RG\


MD'.]KG?



MW6PK*U%58AX5TZM*S*.F_@%58AY`#MY!)8RK9/OG[UVU'9Q'XN$J]WY_H5##



J;WNV[S#M<LXDQ]:ICZ@NA??';1.8W_WXJ_^

*0$5ZKY]H3UW-CEZF`T8Y#!ZHP7!&^BH2O


*OW`[G#5#;BZ`:]4]YC/U
+J@H5N
'4=^($W
1H$

$`T4`PY1*4%<K1'K)



.$.$P_Q4Q!%J/-N`B_Q8SN\



[

M&PW=JBL[^4BI;^K=1L5=Y0
TCP\
643ALJC=4Z@V&6@*0M
HU!1Y45.ZY@\V



'T;VU$
Z4S$=J


[4U4(?!(N2Q^'+J3A..CI6'&^#;0!L%B:?MWM6@)?PE-LVBDYAM


M._+?:P6')H4L+W&:#.+WT$P1V22`0L8_

M
4SNOV1ZP[38?Q(WOM
BYB2A&[M


O'8#JW0Y[]4




U]:?OXDPN8]`K

\9?B@ZZ.9XL-QYC8
B(74(G2`\YL`WP2@';%`%!


M%C]





91]6L

MTK*BDY4^;N5E:AZ;O:0&7WOSL.D

T*B*G15KJ.+F
MXR2P*F;^P00^.YJ?<)0^F!AZI17)V5.YIFI5+WZWO^]\V2H<O$.ZYU,YLD?/
M`D:WI9A`,4'%F:#:1JAU)'H7*M5';4)^LZLA/MWD%49RAQ5O)!#J]3UNF4I


M@[6

XN(/

`)&PR
MB6+;CUW$D`


7C\=AZ0P
:3NK3#&+]34!83.[RV79_K
M%_LZ91VJWHN*T?S84+`@%POSMP0%/=_$J`25X]FW3#U(A2AYLQM'Q7X)GA
MTO&Q


MHD@#X9BG6O_I

?


MO6HJHP

7RK


HPVS]*%3F-E\&
MW=F2
N3-84'@_E3_OS$!J?285'^-:[2









D

MG+UMUJ
2D'LZ(LU.Q9TD)29_G`=:W6KS0)5LPYX3)W;(


M;O*.J6]4







M]IZ(H`A@F%()ZFJ%4(^OQ;
\83/5V?FHB5_YALZ*^




+9_)\0Z\LC':-
KEA[P


5DTS@$*2G%_=\V$?*R,#96HGS%
M.<&2%\AT/DRC`RCN/C#P([F



2`B*EWNQV)+/V7`*JJU#4'
/V:N.0A



M\;&X)5:#1'.LZL%^GL%

M

U)&%;$Q*V9-

MCE;J.UJC7O^Q2]KF


MHL


-#\NH+!N&;K9D*H=6#M
NR=_5&^N*
M


/5.U?

MR-2F*6[Q[*HU)K+

MR8&3*.^MV]:;'9D2/@[76).(ZDU+-QO5C%4IJC\_3MULRD3S(_#.Y2'^.\/J



4V=.

MZ?5FQ65`I0JM2U4#&/:!^;SC10.J;')OBG!-U]XJG0#%#]Y0]W0&Q6]GZZ:
M&I24^J9,XNHLQ
.*O-4[6(%;]D/:N]4[K.



(?7

Y\P!(



%^9GHEE52@&AC*%\%4
M:[41RN?L.91)]-4$.44O3+W#%TOGY[9H?E9NE`393;%$=:LOKR86]?S<!DA

C'E@%





M?NDBK=U(07

A#IVXEN'2-0J$:A+!?
M`I@'1X!J(\BDN2.KJ2


T(KTS7

/QM4P9HM408K'[-4
MI02G8@=)[FYVZT!&YB7[4*I:!QL+-/G\C%DGJC:%K7-:\L(V7<WSFL[2_`




J/TM&R4
EBR

5?)`8UT

J

MP5(O8UTQH!G\
(WS@A#VPLZ]7RU;1BH)CX0S-[.HK

MDB


M-6JS9K0/4:-6RU7]A`VAYZAHL23
X_YJH8.H\EGW)5';3=VHJUP5Q1`90S3T

MS=?5+E9@%W=_
N=IMYM*Q&@.+O<VKIK:8R$ZJ@%)3#?NNIMI%Y;_M'%V\9BK[K
C
EC'





@V;
P+*/WX6?`KYD905





M2JS-USY\F'2-WID6PIF2^4@=-8*S=2I5Q?7/^S8-%&\4^F2<FC+%0Q5O2,0;
MUJDETPW)]KSQJA;MJRO5OQC2$0L^;UAH7S-2KEHP@UDYP0+K]&R!`N^$6-FI
M]*ZDY^?SAYZ<&Z9DK.(1Q2.*1U0:[OH$G:SPF:KQ`Y\0O6%:+:`T:09N+VV



6NC=V[-ZP
S^*PP1!5:/?;=?_




CDVR5^TW*
M?+*+N

M7VL9W0XFBC9JW6:]66N/C$&[TVZ
^]WVTQ-%8YZ)E\KL_(-4BZSHCQ4@S4XY



V3)DP
3T-;$*


M%LQJ.$JV1[IF3V&
V(UX\FS^^;I18#)+S)


'))I/)GJ@AH^CN&SZ


IHD31R1J
M$CB8SO\QF*2!?X-\UT&2A4F%X29J`F0^IG@2P]5S/PIL#!MA:Y=\]/AW6FW
M;@P2#Z4()20QQ*JH[Q[HVL2



M0H`0#D#T
22$!Y8.T!26_\#$8)D+&V6OZW/*@




MF









M6M74\:\:DGIUC^8B=(
PS2P_$46AQ^'8O`!H[8N?`\
T*GD(JB;Z)*1]Q3%V





M\TKCI/3-VBV;?'/C6LR^Q[4H#H-OK$:-XNGO&7DV[S5MUE
-L(^:H#&L_U/O
MXA*VS@D\SUY&[`F;5]B!%UNPYC`/6XPYKG_]Z]LZ_WUI3Z?I[_1=L.WK]9]7



M
`E!J6CQ'&O(+UCH!M
'YJ&8XK69X@MS/#N*W)GK4+7*7I@B#F#

]\)%NP0


M9G=O=E]CK_2O-E@%M:=@?@2^/DQ$M:/8DZA0:U%K46N192U5`F(]QN83$F5R
MMENZ5:]F'V&5O_MLN-VNWFC(1'25L+_+
V\T=:.C
#:/B^I`]+HDS85R#SA*
M
JOCGZ

Y&^
M=]IAWP57\PP`&#);6W&A+RJD%).^DFAJZAU#50P?&=&MAEXWJUE#5NW&?ZH)


M8%C*#CA:ZG=T2Y*$HST&MM0=_E%QO:4W&C*9/4KS[8
+E/^C.$!QP'%S`%B_
M34

NHN!ZH-C;`.`@93$=SDC!DOG
'LXE#VX\\


M?]?2&PH?\]B(WNSH1KN:QMT!1B$/K#OYCOURM7MJ]]3NJ=U3NU?IW2OK]0^Q


FID7[
M1:-^&EU=P09FKRI-*XV4TC=KMVSRS8UK




VT61!J-X&7^+$=

C7ZRT[3$)0*FCJP-@7+'2#Z0/SD)4I#I$]
MOC#'LZ/(G;D.%:/MA3WB`

MBV:UEO';U^&S
_25KN9!$MG^-'J(U?:8O_0BHF

E9$6ZGP=?)V2Q&U)M)\QG














!JRI3[=W3`#I?ZD%:*
M_^O!5-CW)7C_QZ(0):S=
W3+E`GKZ*C$HH3\T)*JS;?BAOUR@ZD;=9DR)E5U
M[\'5::E=5+LHRRY6*9YTF4QBC('#+)8AJ\7V=V5#[\V&;BNK2?%#-J5V1Z:J


M;/`.2PJVJB8P-;[8H[3P=H+A]8?;K:1[6/



MUUOJ.EPQ1`'0H*'*;Q0_9/S0TJUNQ05$M6-/JOY&HN/0U#NFJL!1_)#Q@[JC



SL8Q#RR6NE-6IZF\DN^DT]:;*@U#\







\NO;







M_N



MLC^T_[TP=C3!O;214PY^NMJJ=IV!?H_-M=%9Z8X3*=84(S=
0
/9JAYB*
MP3)DCHLFK)9$0'=$/

9NK[C+JDGB`


M/LT[9H=KY+D



SJU'M\J(W@(/J
M!^']H09=O6E]_ER?/[E#_S<9Q^UOV#/Z9MGGW\7N-^#\T_G7XH4X%#@OV@+
M-G63Q4/B]*/V:71U!33
1DS?WN\-_N?W+^=_?A[6N.;S:8N_O=^Q5DJ=1N

M//*]?K5D@&9'-QM;)&**MQS#5DOF#QPYYRN9K61V-??ZU61VW=2[V[2R53);



:^Z`


MTDU3)J6X/?4/TA$

LN`
M*OF(9_X-\^

MG:;/F
VN1
XI)SK@#S(_4LCM^SP/X!-:
ET:**FX%]/(U
VN3&)1
M648[M8SJ]8K?'U?)-Q0:D/?P9E$












'@55XH'M-F
M5+]/40H8`GBBRU_G)XL)/`S+XB^.YW9
K]
8[@\-=^MZGL;^@R_EQ`56P0M&




W%6


M5P
KSVT05GB



@NTFIHEK@


)=+D5$[(FR-N\EC?/G+])AGPCRF7)BCHKDQ8;

3MU:;?N_)6.
M/*@.T'Z+1T[`FN#&TX

RBB]1ED4O%KIH=H=U
M:VC6:_U!9U2SFOU!K=-HCVO&L-\P.ZUAJV
A9&7S[6__8M'?/CPVKW)
YB^&



-.]FHUSHFG+%FLV&UC:;1:O?&L)/F

6\M4)X$&TP5
MWDW4ON0&T@^.P#KPI6:(#T3'-K@NQPL\H4A$\+L[BQ78_Y`$WC\+P;.A

Q_#IN-H96O]GJM;D8:1B-IE7:


B6B%R8
M]


M:F'NV]ME7QBU6W!GKO.CYD:?@8/
=FV`-3MF8]@V1S73Z/5JE@7_ZG2;($H'



I$WWM[%?
+]M#?_V&^0D#
M/I#1H*RC666U&JVRB%B9^0.6@NP60@-6B!YH?;.!\(!A0#8U'F


VRWML
MB\Y\$
UQ$+I
RIT`

M1GA@4??V(PU9@]3A^98)F!OG2\;!'


NJU-G!/LV5T5K?OM?9@)0)HNSZ^YMQ'(^A\!@H57A'?


S




MYU9.KP^*OVT


M;;UJ07`U*FOL!-











:
+9E#/JU_J#9
MJ/4:PV'7'(S-4=OD_%;8U%UMQ5;18I[?F5N*







MB\AX?$\WW-NF=ICWHTX_M
BM3);/@3_E]^5@!(G]!GO)0UDP0MV`D+8[OZC9

_.V%-]@]C3@
MGZ=5







MEX-1J-TDE#P?B


MMKIB`6\Y3*1/HVECB;;UN#F]84E;V=2((T=-
JMG4Z
S63-
RVP:VUC56ZYT




U1OJ:




M.ZT-=;-K)[_&^LI0.`MV&YAW8R^XO4P;;\IHGF*/F=H:4VF;]6RX^B!!43PN
M^4G:[;&O`UE')M!Y;((A8PWKL`4MH'VG.^XVFZWZP.H+N*5UMQ\/+&
+Z
BK



U$2?T`WC?AE&
/[TDRBQ

DK0QA:



P`@TF`/Z$*RG
-+B`*8A2C1A%'JU%LPTD%HX`91;D3:YP]_A

'#U+7:(DR_.!.0RV/7:[=QUYIJ=FF0@YVT?
M%J(Q._1AF%D0:G:







(

MKH?/[^CK7
6?[HPYP)[/N.-/


MU2

M



P;%%Y71?4SY^8CCC5*#.KJLYNY1B.NYI.


MOD
S^#V9D(3J@(SFVSQ
AQ;GPOX&QGH4@^R*TY!B!$;O4L1!YC;87)0M3B8D



M:$N+!B047]23`3;S\P*V(J5I'(QY%!%`.7[@&UH9&5*H1Q3GJ]./N$'N^`


M%EB#2

M%SZO_P/:-
F4RN7O]7

#P\QK![]96X
2`T%9EY&%`E\BD9F-I!I
-WW])W$6V?/^9-/5A`-'HZ:ZKZU)O*.N2[@P4J2<K
M\!_-Z3E:WQW:;K_*IEJB8M]0EE#WL


M03;\-@L9]H8TEORR(]FK6VJ[O9';-[`\RY5T374DNR?W)%OK:^JPI[H]N[P&


MHKV=
?#\O6&PPY[/`ZR&E`TM'S;E4:KF8BN-(*JC
FUL=8&WE3AEG?$!0%[#


MDNGBH]KF(?MZ_A8__5-SB])'5T6G:+`#$V=4.BEK_MP4*T_`7+WWV)P[S%ZR

7BT6EXK.1A
M#PA\?

7\2TSC$I


M6DG#F]M\CRM11$7515M6=U_1&JM\/VLZP&9Q4MB&%&13$Q5#YZ3`24&V-/A7
MZ38I'-10/;SNS

(@S4+S?DV=.
+%G$H=E`M1U0TN]O


M.:@Z559!CV7D2=F/K]Y
BSFY*7=MCV:RFJJHZ1TW6#E%[)4B3%&W.$5PBEA0


MX!11TYF&*/-`



MZ4LI9NB9G*KFI.:.J*J&D=S]YQ4M@+*2BZJ&L=3UR=H!VM@1T1)
4X(J]H

M(9G.HF1.4GH%`MXQ6&2_I83$_P/8^Q3&X;288I=[$BSO!#G`12;KFM([]DA7


G@I4HVDJ@LR\4**.WCC';VVWLNZWC_C7;'[UY+?$=I84M\W@Z<MP/O0#OP




M)Z


_4<-`]THY++V%I1QO




MCLWXIPD5=U.XF\+=E*Z[*1^3^$;*23KE2K[-*3Q#%4V9'ZYKH1H\3:A.4+F?
M6'[K)7A\Y':*=YONFSCX)1UR?^35!\DJ!W!^_?D$&14E5T.;F(LSS





MAU



TN)V[D95G?




MX8)^S$#6145`@EXV`
5*9X=I8:IK+P*K]371-#0'KM)W'6D(3`5HDC6I)P.?



UD*:SXEBON1L

MLPN$W5YQ?E'V-^LFK6NB:KP16E=%V[*Z0.MMH6R

3!LM%/EVC[O2V:

MBKTM/&4MYUG`O:0O

MYK


MA;N!5
/%*/5B_S;


OWC&Z0N?7^Z#^\[O;\2;O1YK?T
MIMDTN0LS*I/`[`
.G)+]-`DH3
M-R5-T%_.`<I'6)5KY=E!





L
M8TM-0
]AGV6@-9P.QL
FPO9F;

YQST70XT?1O2B4P'5`!!U&!D!+7C3/
M8%=:CE1$P1X(2;`@9F7SBD[4[%Z1N&URA\,1AV?G77FT18Y&$$:\E*HODM
M)20&1HPX1

[D'F
MW+.R2Q00#]9(I5



[
M^
)*]7DASO%&WHT'.!2:V&S*)

M3O_NNU5HJ\4P8PQD%E#[9$*H#*#
`_J=9#^WCUB!^+:G5/D@_M'FR
41VSD?
MJ8?S+H?;].5IL;UT:







M[^/4U

%=8`8P
M

DKV=V=_?5;14FV'#L=ORTYQ
QD


M'!
S9:R#.Y6[WV)Y/

MP?L8AL3WTCE!#*78M6:C;_F=N]K&=ER=G&Q4V;
_=%.
<@:=6R?1#S6%.1(FI.29A
MENL3CVD:


_7QLF9=\


]-X+T6&%




TKB



D7)VD8-'_(17T-
:#D9/'I%_?4OE#

M-\





B7\(H3L

=
MCP?7-42TN'2#@T(,W5&6*3KQ+.92O0`?&2RP/`-[RM$\*OW5&W20&QI4\,;
MX7`(@(7P\$%:/.[^
=GZ'*E)-$



['R)B



GOA?YA#&8:CD6]8AAV)$?NJKF
M.&[7R'76*.&]0-[2+5&\AGRB4O4K90$790DO\!AS5(E
_2+T\CI*F]10KT.6
M7]%P_47#]9L-MYA.U_/B2F%FF0RV9#HME
$
Y[G5_+0?$PBP\6*FVA#NP]=@

8U+7?C[@0VI2E6Q:V
M7

M5\S[SO&2.*Q6`5'0%N(3E#3(2JD


+DCA_$LMP




M5!MUVZ9-ZKJV@_:^Y=*G`7N]/:?


JF*X@WK#-2\:[83I=0WLW@GN=58O)?*L1

VUC5Q0\/^O8


7%W5

M9D1L1@WB&UY@A)X9^B\?\7JC8FB.MI\6FDVWUT)C%RQ(=L9;GU4'BZKT:$)8

W@)3%VKVFL4KIE.Q^




MV




MY!P)L0L%-15R/GH2]/5




F[7Y8$$^;R



*$
M-C
#RR6^IZ(J'=I
+8\PE5$/_G%L)@OM3EAHIZD;5]KAD1\!$^7^2:F`@DE0


L2EU]51]02%=9&(V?#D_ZII
M3MM22K?U6N\+*V&R5/=4@)5L96^M*;K(6W:A32$9S/9@
`
WC/CO_1A#M9C?


ZA(1AT2$KO9

M/=V46;6$0L]DM*?K'=^]DU`X!0HZS&]XQM7%YA'7YCLAO2C]&.;_-A&9BN
\R#F&ZB+?'Q-!L(WJ


$0LVX+_GV)=_^F?CV+5/R[;?DUMOS


M?`A/
O!XK],;T=Q6GSBTW_$28KO?N;][$%/\%]X.5;GB?9(.E7G_:S8@JO
MW@SA]KMO?
[2I/Q64F1


M_UM7[PF#%MC
_P=V2*


S6W@SM-CN*<UNUUK3W1G8;
M:+?1T?:VP0IM-[M-M%OKIMVZH6N[VFVAW0QQ;NUC=Y1`8L+_@0!$L\I3.(2

6)33R
ZM333MZ)`LV@9



NB3MGDD+00




$!-



:L2JK6X6[OK]_(I*3234JDJ,/#-RE*HID

M8U`$6#KFHZSK'AZ*V\Y#!#]TQMG'
?P#:O[/`7Q](7BP#L*

MADYUN99);#TTHY&DZ=GK[.CWP#IN-.[G_0ZXZ#FX+O0$OAR1D\I__X*1L^






.!T_V??SFSG\%_M#OAOML
M3X6

MM(CC1*
(%K7PCXRE
UJSE


V

M&&D#&BTT3RS3G
XCM(GA(;RU^987PF)^6C$F#V&QS7*7'OT\#2;]\:=!-+M;

.:+J6

@F$(Q(BFL2Q7A##.^F#-C6SRU'I1_I4J`O.

VE-7]=


MSK#8$:R9GU4_\CV146RT1LI1CKBU



M0D!W*\'P!V

]9(1/O!0'$F,8^U1(SQ$*7+D-&6(15K2ZGA3B;17(D8EF5.WA89RZ#9
M'#9Z(2KD%W!<E\7Z;Q:Q#)A91N3)X:C.-A04A8HRMED4;G+L]2!`+8?//9]


MG$!$L`^$3'2,!J(8,9%I-(X(NJE5T3L&\'XMPS

6V;&+3/C
MA\W
.'V(PN9LC&+K;3T-H\D
BU:C%XY[W85%9-V2*UH.
]&OE;RR\/++8KE;







M%TXF`+JL1#1GI9MNGVQ

^]2$&(2!P@8





MBI+AGT5U4JUJKZL



SP(YX#BIS(`Z5KP)R\W78N@K#0SN]



$TS)7;;_9QXG._AS5W
'8A
M8''L4DX
(IJ`-67*H
AX+$RD8YO`-

MV?-@&/+=/V:/M2E?

*I(JI8B9YBSZY%FIV')`<ZET*S7#.[UL]'[EO4G

M\?`\A





IRD/M
S


6;XL_$8!8APA47O#M'/

5%X91Z=W&EO





MU+?0U1=`5TOG[4/OFZ@P06YDOF4`CFQ/Z88&03\FDQ\=Z&H]1ZZ5PX\.KS]`




8=%*[MIQ1.1
M:
5C5)8X+7\T`M'JSV4$[IFG(6B`M\MWBM*NMKH&?PQ



P&B2Y
L7;;Z<P&
MHU3-3M=#OD_3;V)LASBL.
0\Q=T8E?R3MI
DL
2^689^?

<Q69Y2;J<E)$F.59$]*PA@[+!6IMT)D@R0?WK=;@WYL9+_4!S
1
5ZC)0\&N9(PK.MBA7?7K^4RUV/

M7.5/YEP7=HE`AWY9W!R2)_UXBNXVWLID?ISO93J2#+P^5HVT
3ZPN:DZJ\AD


4B_E?N_%V]





X%DM8
M0PV0UAY::9@[2-HZ0#-H%['JM8BU?2[N_KEF9R#E4MQQ^-A:91N-W[B_+SEX
M966V#L(ZB*W*U




+/J.-4L6C]+B41Z
5:-M3FWR_6HJ







<N?Y[LRR[/7X0LKRVO=\SK
M*1.LTEM#^8K.]XFM)^

RO



`0#Z2#%.8*


][
M8RBY';!R



MIFEG^/R.P]@/PARN:9409!6-G3%H2V&


*:6FFO-&0RZX.`DZ4:X_8(11RE/(.+*
M/$P8@A^\%&D?.PY!/N8SGE`]0.;LY;&UV
%I\S16V%%)'VF(QT@P4(0!^(+





MXA*8
Y%V12P-HL`SYX_Y6%/$91@BSXDD`H)=Z4.JRT-_-M

[0J$.5H_Q(M]

3E9U2W`Q/M(;22F(]

:+I*Q`[MWTQG74\V

MX!=IMVSG/(

MH2@+S.F!E+C`3`Y_*2V`HSXF#@ZPCWWWBRBU9.&
RE?F4/7Q:113(?Y'RY
K
ME4C;B[0VA*5B'W+ZK#&!A\_-6@$T/!P7;)8[&K+SV
N6]-JND*^80JHA&/O$Q*



M^.K'.(V_EE8V2I(BC/
G22\`E8YOMP93KS*\C8<30-,QQ%.O:/6-EX(FOD,:6^^3I*4]2/J@#Y)6
M3YP*?8SX5TV!WJI2CK?G$K^MP


MBOCX

/Q0BQ6!A!
MJA=&SI&!HGY7?JU?+18X
)D;?ABLN%U:S1NL.^;^UR'+**($@%\T)(@)62`



Z&5NF1.-QW7)IE@G3CM)X:;=BZ1(\F])




&^$$`TO
M81
U5QCO@1E4H#;28J?G7#`).0S

-KXD9`+#8P?O#1!6(KT[%



M=*)I63)TI)/]]?N^15(B*4HL7125:330B6-;TO.PZKT/N$=*2T_1(`GT9Y$O



33)&(\)+'&7#F+
M$]`N7D(23^K0


(N#=^4`G]XAF?DJDY
('3T+YUMS#T:GU


3CY*O!S
M6


MJT











0@<D-#HA(C:Q3R.E$JYSE=/LA+\8WJZ:
MT`\;:0X&2_FNH


^HI^J&Z9'`#K`R1$N


Z!F.Z7.==
(U(4EY.AKH


I]8D60483F+/4QZ-99'X]GE#:#OJ7.P30RB


`_P!VSYXD`K82@0
MJ.OGY]I

M/+/_S?I7OZ[@
^3`7S0:/X(!O"`Q)1BGA<1*$G@]:6<I\!$45;.L'WXD9V#**31GH*#P
MM(=XNB7V0S8UQTPZIA3(,2J0I0V[B+9:M



L
-\H=^N:L6<[
M
92S
#K9*N`VC_-$

MX!\V=_=IH*4`H/Q\M1/2=4%S9'/:S2P\1\DM

24`J=7,U\%
M-$QU%!0)X$;HU0%)0WSF^J2X#G=AJ=MI^;IAJG?@::PEN#@_'T^'R\_SJ?]

MTI\^X01G'%'9

MN
5BC1VGT=G3L@O&:2QSBX=\+V.9N8_

M'R/N3\*VI[14/[P?H6KN-W+J2*T=DN
U
PYG@-R9S?&496/;#5R6FZ;SA7W]


M`$QSKN*`XUAD$-@FX23T%2
J]&B81



$1LL&^DV;M
MK
/VA%KC7VD89+4K\VGNN%!PB+Q0G$M(?5IGYI*H#]4;E063.$0CPWD1P^3(


M


+
G
/UN
MM/@CLVRO[3K9C^O75S!%-WGU1KBZ--&'&)!7V+]9B+8K0*YPN4^O%@\!')IH


MB8HC&D:&)(F.@:/D\`+8Z)`!X94*N'+M,B:V';&#4O'(*H04;XMUT6%.=3

MGF`AMR)


M132?CF.0$']LSCA^I^?V
0FVWJF_-$FS3P@%CTWK&V7TMTX9-`L$$7A@6
V/IFPVU









MGB
D?=Q[6V]


M4D


:4Y$V[
MMYT%LLB*AF/PP





MMXLHZPYU*QX'R$



XB3QX





MYHK/-:A[TI-]T'


N#8SO6GE/O@[72O?4Y-O0:B1BMNO
M#=


MC1I;^J_

FR




(50J#
A.@0#7*L`
M_W4I





%5=#!?9]%[$UOG6]Y\[Y`@]@R
R.%:)


@US$:=]#?





J4.(B(QE5SG?

F+=K2T5XX=
D2ZA$!/Y7B8

(D`BM*!6.))



M`]`E0V3*Q&Z&]&T!F@RSZO-#60$^]N#,A$W9PD@3+
(KVH^T[I5&$609T=
MF.VCK8ESA')WA
B4JFX.S-HG2!Z8
42V.J6U%V9U0)+
)V84'@JSVE$@/6WD
M@M*%[%6G]$8Z.4'--(:Z;&S8B3JMALM!T`_$'=*)#]'9M-G80UL3*@F6NW/F


M(_1


MH




\U/88GGK]:%L:K%A9O4-0^\C4HKXU\?1X`93W[.SW')FK@


4Q!L

T.ZUN40.7\?8F



MQ[OT\2?WP[\$;.(_!

R'^^OOSQ]
MR^)9]'/X]!!'TZCX%


M5;_\M/
7_K0J7[B0ACPZ0*NOT(8XDP9-T@O.'U:(GP=2%X(+^C0+RZO2[2
:M\
M0$OI7I56V(OB/A6ZZ'E3M)7TV\GL8SH-XM\7693/HG+,<YMR7FLG`E/NDU+



MYE_*9XJO%5GT;='^2816





M$69M^D

M`@B@ZZ[2T;!^E(67_XP?KA^F@T
3



$#S
3Z;H_?=22'A\(@(%].+@VUY[UT44QT[X
M&&;!W7AA

M['8XBEIOH@8YD46)HQIK4K;$.Q=!%@6Q[&(]RM6HPD8Q:TO
+-EO1T^Q.@#A



;Z@EJ(T

M*O1;7AT:D%6/$#E[3M
]MG-ZA%PO'AYB)05!?!T\JMEQXI:!@@PLK&NOLK-`
M'CJP


TG7T4MWZ
!R?C`!


MQ:U)$%=N5-4\X\/7ZZ:D2KS^BX)C\[U^D
61L-3B\K_#H
V^OFBI;?8+4YNS





[$\


:1IFLY^;%7QU)=%-KT/\N%6

M#MZ';.WJW9R/HM:;J$%.*#)'-=:H;(EW+H(LF*Y`3'*U:C1C%K2\PN87Q\



$\6RM^N%



MY*_=-#P5JV:PR_1YK&E%](DSV

C`
M$G$'T#0Z.0?8KV$A?\)`S:J%E.!R#M



?

Y[$[9R
KLJ]M!ME9^2^1&DS=*
M83]2J*?4C0CN1Q`Q;
GQ;6=1+8:\W@/



M!DX
-+2^PP*OOYLKWZH[_!.U3F55B;[-\NJ.1FQ;PLB*OYG(RI$)GXZD4U





M5'%&I;`59)380@6
;QBBJ\WD\3FG^4\Q0
FC*S2?KAM;)1U'25[BAIU6TJKQ
;.A5=&Q5!0XR(0AZ;+B.95;MBK^


NH'O/KEAX`:.IVD[B3PU&2$$U$ZO
M-U+NQ3-\5BY
G*IS1X/GS2M;3O



\+5F6;I==2Y
M)8HAFR]PWF9Q


M2BW;!5HVRWD
^FU)JJ[Z$(:


MM1I2]@FQ[XNVH@2Y9FCKK=+KA97:R:3FH3#R'3N
'51;XC






YYCN[R_7Q
7)]A-S8MWH[N=[VWX-4
M53/K$IF;NQ1_X^Q&R&U4




TN




M5

QH_X24\4K;'3L?K'

G[.JA_EI

M3O-A);I6GNH\IEN-/ZGTL?%C*!F2X1WA9&M^_W9\TFG*\8,2SV$J[53P/]
MV`K=+0BFQ=+)L





!%8P
VX#&Q`1L=8`1_





M)]\=9($OAL

MQ)
/

@U'ZB7\ES\Z*6PJ0A492\DK<_T.*M3<*Q
MN+-2R[


FPT='T7.)75=O-(O\6FDV]U2MP0



M]


M`=!U4R


MHS(91C&FJ;#V3

%UC_$BY)R3A:XN&Z+M`)ZBNT9)*,1\+G]X1/&)_+G+R
UQU,7N(Z=!N]Q:FES#L+32K1D:0\9
@%JL!A)*D


W1#J@97F$%?%WD9SG&5W
M_(:N\K/1_ZZC=`P%Z:$XBGO1&V6*7T
1!F`+^GV^+UYC/B7]Z8:)`S:=6R.&
MJYM





M_FYR7J?@?L1/+5?X]94=@([*SH\H!DOF[);-[MD_)Q5/\I)E9VEJ0R),@19
MX,MRLLB)H2ZGZI+8]YB7SRH'*5:9PL0LMGEE-SJJ[3H$S!*8A=J%:G&C(8L

MYN7CC)/WF5W2B6G
7!3Y0(-\WV$V(DN2OXOJ5BR^#6
E\]A#+57U-JOU50'C






M_B:+Q0XV5CO[:B?V`P=H;-$'7%[J
ZJ\'L_M5FT^!1I9E;;3:
12P)2]EG5E

`@]H&

M\T!*+
_




*K$:IK
M@@LR$_U+AAJN_W

1%9OTO



MTY]^/WW?5F.C^+D.U$P:7^2G7/%O!F:;CM0)H7HYOHATI\$6V^\$9^5LR/3.
MF!D\`YD:
XO42[#H%IU5(R/(V%(<':3E.P'41%'-:=59O@SF9:N3
MF``Q1'4_%&'A3C$Q4R7.+










U#4%@]A](!1.^D*/@*P8XU;^
3%_U3HB(J;

M-ONDO:%E_^H`4D8'C'Q)LX-O4$L#!!0````(`)6`;498[O65DRP``(/2`@`5
M`!P`8V]K92TR
#$T

M```$.0$``.U];7/;N)+N]ZW:_^#-K;JU6W6=Q
G
F9G4F=V2[3BCJCCVL97=
M

MY#*.(A2&:'?R=Q^%B'@I.EEX7^
HWNQ.+KS0ST(OA=9./N+HRX.7H/]W0O\;
MG


P/+FCM9*3.Y0@


N

-F
M.8=9MD&CB3UL23F%-^D:$2K5!*U1E.!'I(YF8=O*45SA8$]L+;.
%T*]
M+TGP$J/@]`YYX?N$EKW9TH4


(`-\/V?&2Q&LRC0.2&'=6@6KS)A
DT*RM<M(/`Q2F9!P*:1%RK9XJ9T
MJA#R+2P'FSA*+T#3N(A#[SQ.TY`2X)$T@L%8XZTNX*.[5@A_YH.PY<NCM@'N
M[T,3H/MLL_'(#K8#Y/_]L(
)3=+5H@8)8D*$U@EL$?H&P%'['W@$.H$)7
M%LO;N02$BMF@DK*C
:^D;Q[`Z@

M%!-@?D4

MSTF*-Y3^SPE:9N%'V(!`_H2-J%@2]1)X#%9JVRV&=:@0ZD=$G29E_Y\CT%$N

M+**``=/Z/PHC=(W]T!X5@F5&2-=NVUM``7X%1!R3);K$8&3'JJ&#F4:RAEY:


-#C(46(I+I2#$_72B%N6RD`@A^AU4=4^5KG49(2=G91S\Q;



M
5&4
OM1`Q6H@U.<RF)ZAFB\RAL<)?'@5N[5S)0C-$UCO`FVSOTZVW8U6N
M8C(+PZ8_*@H^P;)#8X#D!JKQ5%[M%+F%CP^S4I/%NA9+NBE0&Q]!$KWOSBB
MY-TL%VOJ]7W$-/`




6UQ6/(TSC=;ST][:
WG!JUW$^5_5Y%G1V7H


H']M(_



<JVC23Z?18P*B]

EJ9A
MN\[%+^'^O$.$?9%



8E
M#C

+3:
/UB&Q



LO171UF?1#T90JA-#+K[TX^V3!7'YS^*@M]0


X8


M'`?K=T^JQ




M'OS@T&@?JN#-+4#CVEDS[&=WA$:&7RTNE!KK+V.$P[R35/24H1FWZ6&H)0(:

]OX-H$+QYLM
MXME\E$FCNGMG#@]
F`P2ZFK3RZM8(W+2SE+'M*%

M(_!(;CMRTO


S#0!29\036C5Q=$X;97OH<[FXN1HD<J,ZJ%F`)25`@Z`T
M:IA$4


MKW)5HIOLGDH6X:@SV0V#PM4SC28Y]T#G]=']&J'B5=7SW;7W1TR8.B@.ZA[8

+SQZ/4_ED93$^FKJ&`@')%[`2P7\P$K9=H
MB4#.`]B-N)VX=]KT5C.!Y?UF&\8[5.I$TII(?STEAVEY(K$\VFQ!8%9F9
=&

8??(6V(I



CZT%WS3Y^MDL&8O1BG_P;3@RB-#GWC^MG=-
M9^]PM^+$&P?

MJ7$_.Q&7NQ=5
\`!@V@P`T277&K4#I@ZPU!+!-;6Z!TP9H:A%X4GUEN90V:)



M5N_V7/K

M=(_2-'_4.1$)]NCFS&#?@DJ`V:01XN&*&+GT^M6'=0)DI6`IS?;%GI8_!]D/

U-1)_1NEDV8F2K`%D!7

`?6/,$^F)I4'Y'&M5?-T.I;29?

2T8N0*:DYA0)\Y#.D^2C%X%8CX/

M12ANP-#5:1^A@+U^5T:H?*0C`+QG^7)%L'KKF493
OXJ)FS!E;=OA[9B&ND=







34K/.]BSCTSN
T#2GM'DDC&(TU
MWMI

'2=:00T=&1)EJ;1
(K#
^[@[`B\:^G4

?FD)QI^OMU


MP&YW


E6!9D-?

J.#H
.






#OH[JX`IHXF:8






MF+]/4Y+Q*4Z%X=YM)8VN

M%J:(1%#OS

MQ3)4W1RY]M*




I;'H$/2O?H.*33D4!EYSI#K$X
M5\&KT*YP0(#^V2&M)EOY.&)^@[[QFMASP&GS=&1'U\(`Y-&1Q]K2]`L$H4HU
MU^N4GM:F11&.O4C[ZQE#










/IYU&I)GXUQQ!@/



MA\WW+3DR]S-W[(_
C*WL&6@.NV))NX/F%_&

M/),D^3(V1W\W@0IC6XNE$];X\^EF-I'I63&PKDB7[HJ6V^%(5A_$0OX_8-


M
PBV;*
6\4&PH

M+

^.

)^/&)7@TW







MS;O#&_B4$K`P

=?48OI1[*/S.\[0B=&=J*


[F7*O^X1-

;
M_#62FMF
2#=2/!]]!7/RB/C;&:F]
1J5%

M`18$\-GO*E/$$L$





\M+
MMF&D)I\3Z,L^8F=1BGV\I77RYY,+F[$L4[RB;'EY7+^/TQ64#![1
1;H8]Q
MM%H@LJ%)PF^6^5IO(?4%F^L]Z!IYM$PP2VO'-UV2
T)8#MH$VS@(^PETN[+G




-XAPC[8LF&?8?8





MO=7)!T$U






MR@EL*B)A:&KPX[J#!OM;B[=O9KP`RK%))M[6W.GKO/QN`QLY9P)%5DSWDE

MM)%8

09W@^!8/58%]=
MYA=PYE%+B9OE1YC:+DS.)

MFO/[RK

A63U6U9D+=R)L^V!TTFPU





F^P.U-X+!RK14V4I
N=81F`P.J1$*;IL7T`^@FWFN]E@I(RUX;M[!;2


[`?1YF]OOSR]FSW-

M=X_?U;CP_[UYBJ
$M][M071X
PO#-X^D5_+F$280O4#_NV+0L.#(&\SS*/G;



&/\FR@-TL
B
M6L=H1ZE^^X:




IS&D?]`!#LOW/.G1@OAC3P


M(1:KKAS)M4(^0$?![LX2N=8TIC'(;B*TS0D!`41OAC;(/]4
![3ZT1_LS#

_P
+6_Y=

M7H
_QK'_-0C#ZICF-M'`@//FOP@CAOKVJC-J!$N5$-%MV]E``WX-1%R2)4
M

M3_*)EEE*[/G$&:
)A]14FN$-M=7X8VL%@((7/.H+/!HK%U&2(FK\KY;V`X(K






/Q(+/

D+5IH



BC%BE#B:PU(W+]%L?7-\+*



MAM%VS

:Z+/=9V$:W.#^\0$B^A?-#&1

MC:O_?@73K_B
F.=U+_!53'7U/$^R^..`;-%!W0686/CD'TFEB+#AP$_SOVE4

M8K7/:S7!7^
&I4N(PL-Q[FN0@B\1
MR##?H4_*T/E9)=K=D,-7#B7`GN8H5MFT4J.UL/S.8'_RO#@-R]#ID'(S3,@
M,+N*V0Q)W268^(!@&.SPD6'APQY6Q+5C@(/SL*P*#FYB@?.:1^.-IT
+/;U





^;F'OX.;NNZEQ([N62U`/J`0(COWT%PH

=F7@VX?
XF:G`IKW2?
MU)SN@TJVPOF

M

XTTT?
H;76(OHKTLIZ8+I3&(=4WOG/0Z_^T\@QI
M//`)()[2-.8A=[G







MY5)6;W



<Y[

-
Q3?AK2P.A6)2!D%W!/?0)B^35E2F8-XR!G-

A^G9K





M9[N

2J



[(Y.





MT.;3NG6`Z_)8'%%^M#=!J1MEY3.J\-B;FM2-I\N75Z&T-P=)]KZHH[$W\4@8



-45ZX'D^)Q.Y4L/'43-04



M)QTBXO+$0=;.9*C

MLEG



M]-+OC
^



M:G;




-X)OKD+;^8M_QXO941C^1N
M(T=?MP.=WW7R2U^
:D


MVYDBY01


W/0X#&MUYEOE1/I6[:7D=2I,*1&S*?\H!:K^)S&6M*49E&4@1!S
M@GZLR(-?\!I*?D3XX[8*2$ETT$+3%7R!&P@FRO
)D:
D;F'A:0ADQV=I?@+

@@Y:=MPM@L%FFS[B



M3*N(CC.R%-3'

3H4+U725RA91XI*=ZWT?CF#V
Z^

:3
M36V:SQQ1%ZJZHG`;HVZB!1V



M&;.4S5I]+.FPT=COI-$4U4'!A7
4V\;G^


MO,]ED=G.R*FRH,^8PZ37,+ZV',045*))HOO0R(1X%LFP)?[J3DV.0KQE'L




^8M=W

MBXPAK297]1TN+$^H.HPYPZ2TOGRTO_8Y_EV(UE#GA-I5XD*4A3H/Q.8O\^$3


C?

M1$R\!S;^8!MG@U-:1XXK01NU.Z1






EQ_+[2@*JSG:&CS%V:FCGE_$(*^=XUG)T.9HL=S$6<FSCCN;776[E
ML4(MS?HV<TTS@HS)+1/T:/:HT?+KU]?%Y6P5$@!LS))5VWA$GP+GBIRW`Y
M6:U-<&)*5AKDB#






5D^W$?8R:)Q5$DT:16YDSVK@ADNNAE[_VV9G279MVQ
[W?JSK


\MUT]I[/TN=!DQ&IJ)E]GM


MZ2(F$(%@8=P&)&=I[12-&M(%0P9QK+H?]0$=RX5_P0.C.=@'*0CI+TG7[\9
M/LE/
?!IV':



M#KF^DQ?*92^4X//*.:


E[\FR-QRE

MQ7]1M[
+!W

]?B]TR/SY%:%
?'$
&




=\)
[O5B3V7

MYB9&0R

M@J@/?@_2C-PMY-8]H::KM7D^B@R
K);F*?X2@5SB@3ZY@^)
\L!A]=.R&HBD




`CBD@&8]Z&7+E
LT\YA]T

M)5)-6S2DS8F
+J(OZ9)&)S;2\(0!ETH!=,\TWCO0E2@A

JQ9K'
E9I&UF)^S6G!T\6[/8@.
MA*4_9@`!K+:W
HXD.IA^@&_Y'`8;N@9DWDFLMS8?C#0%3UE(LZ%GU^C1%OEJ



(#AP$Z\K#N%UAL'V.\2J^P=[H
M*IVX:U?!$?I'0U[D*1QX\@TD8#K0A2!2O1S;R.ZY$$M]=XH/;&S;0,TRV
MVV;F0ATAV=6NH`B..O2_Z7,92=2_UE)D:4$J)F01YP6T.D%&5G6P%W`3(D8

MJ;C



G



M)-6^(4LE/^X3H:5
JNL(
1FR`MXY4HVKRCYJ\U)`M[;2PT@.H!'&B2E324



(IR226#

M4VJ






#

M
T)&_9Q3`


M.)^I2O408U45ID&1M)M+LF6ED










H!U7^LNA`:J


M9!@)78B-4\;(

8:
M9T@'UN



\I6B'D.UM


\]
MA

DJ'W'\OQQ#U-Q8+H2\




2;XZ.C!#_
1MC12T!R@






R8/D=H8AE#FK[0+ODNSC5$JA2?':2MG*-7U(-4JV
%\




QD'#YX7Q@T;.0J\'KAW6



O2\



#=J'
VN
M?&8J]-:5V?*0BV\S8C/'3.'3QFVKC9(X21%
KE






/)-OY


M)A_$^



((=M6P&]GZ($P+';Y-0=G]9VZ



MES:_*VDE#6.HV@(8L=&]-PM-!BC;5S7-%78ZDW=A.R-962SFBT\)C(AGV3I.





1A`Q9:89


MS6==JR5D\@P
OC,W+-\E*,7D1)6F09OG<5W%T:CCM-X:9S,HZD4+W
M$+.I'=F@M2SJXJ_+YS#8Y.N!AT9I$$MP8D%C1[=C\H4(KR#T

X1IAJ)EE#\T


298&K/JN'9P
M@[RRNXF/[`$!M
?L?!+TFNN


'2H+O&L0/M+S#8;+$\

MO0U0DMZ#E!AEKV@!.!`=V.84_=

3:R7X4PVR8




MC*SB!H68M

%6/*O;ZYML^0'F






2Z-T$OWRJ3*RPG

.

R]4^HK?HU;8A^N$7%P7%+\A<H
M=%Q\E6)^EU5/BJVC%N\YPL5RD7J*I:-6^3GLZRS!M2111]?J_`O5TJIXM.X

M_3U-*?IRR3.M4@4M$;%R.[D&%E`KB2_,&HA-.2O9N'!ZLRTS\0MBZA9\+%

MO]X:C7JP/)%@ORR$R[5X=[




MDUEN



M03]0
C]T#V8'[G':(

M9P?VR0YHNQVP38V+&8.3G6JR4TUV*JU992
T077)3Z_
MB02D
:KT#]8_&HRVZ/=Q#]2_G4_!\$LQF.^?8EZ#FQ24Q
MB9M\ZGI`=B#.=4SK)B\'W;+*4]K!PW&ZN283NWLF]O:K]?6=MHA$U^/L.4D1
H




S;E2?']^3X?N6.

*=U$XT-P
MAV




M%JV%(K02JHVAY4:BGG'YJT?4?++#3G;8R0X[V6$M-K9Q!!GS-C.I_:
FOM0Y


0XC\F]/]?H/Q:51K4#CZ
6J<2'



<8?T8(<A;;8CCZ=2()LH^(
\?%F0



$

!F$*[PI



;L?XY!@ZR;

_^W+$G)(KC%@O)L.5\(PT/J


M+7#7CC9PX#9+

M:GV4XZX@F7I!`1AT2QV58H2]+;+/*9`J]J;Q-R+^49K/'L
]A!@1[);V\-

M[YWWH9
:_2.D9DWRXMMAA3!FX-$E._/](*=S$:UCM*.;V$2`QLSSR@KD
'@A





M_0F&?O

MK$YZ!=Y\VP?Y)7Z-=_D'SM)D-M5R.M&1?PKW3WN/?UBV&VF9^W-&QEJN;[!0
/GA*X<<-7G):')7+K$M]O%T5

MQ7Y&%0&)JY;?V$B(9T[-LHS$$GB&F4T-TEP7184N87Y[+5^_*=$]DA48/H`#


XLWWDP6M6(TTZ-
M'(L&X`5='$13ZW`%





-D*
MLBF93NSJ[!^?Q5



@T)OSH4=J(Y[K*)T8'[@QXED[I=










7$(1$6ES%M1
DS^]

M4







&@X?&W51EC


.1

M1MP'603U+OK/[N8
RS5-82I3$/.:JUAP*G.:?HY#K$)@@3]+4BS^(6;$H-;Q

ZI=

VCOT[HH^%'E^.
!29C0T$O4.=OA<:Q`C7+O\



8$&!


M?&[-




M1#V
)'@7%OQ5///^E06H#/


M%N6-9]1
;DZ#;DZN)&QS?*4Z3.%A87
\M#K4

MG;VR38=&+CBR+

M46*N.ISRK88FZ&6^P\LAF=W6&JH[;/_B/C:@.+Y[*$5_V=HBRA6_P&DO$TA^

M]2279`@=F
U&!AT17&FCJ;2U[W@7I'FI6U/T;/WI4\465\&2O*%$:-O/$)NR

M/2ZXJ?L!;5T\QCW5\J9=INS&/'';5\[K
HTQWK`_-R.EL$A2CU=63/:8U?
MPFX
*_!A7O9
D+*B.H:AK`0613+/#7?TLPA-NRR=')I:OU&A
99#@H\3Z%_!

*'EX$&T;!*D8<W71WRXJ!$A1!N`K51+$1:44B*







?'2:*6MX^8CXX??I`H1L8KK6@,[92P
MY1D7/#7[6FE


M6;3$5
Q#\O@3B



EN

F?]4[;;
M`718KF]!@'X&80:30EPD`G0N3D=^(3LWI.F&5$G$S
G%/[GX:[3PC-E275QW










MIAU.A4=UL2#U*^CACD7%?V0@#-:'(-K


M1E)S[V

MT&
4+=3_1Q1_*Y9;1%^T4ER[2OW-EE-LQP(?GY\010)++53=LQCA5'F;=1G@

@@7@M
5HLUW=41'3EPYR%R.(O=8OP7[9!`O-4








MV%Z&W-N4%3AIG#BE7%`]%OD4B.ION;DX@


4CW?(:Y]VU?_\A'BXTB
M3Z1&
8OT/@O3`.[V87S`6AA14A1!=@Y@%M]G6)[-9+FI@A/W-H[L-B
F
V+F


LLW&CWC7?$FL\C4




?QCM2R?[VJCO]
[XHQKDJ%NLQ6%2=<%18U.<DK1HQ'9-3N8:J8-!XALY\I

M-+WU#WYUJ/\B2$=0&



M*R.W8O]M4HJ453Z$;A.//_^GA#Z#!*(_^/_`E!+`P04`````5@&U&T./


M_-?_]7_Y+__;QX_@\1%\H,`^CX\@O^QACZ,W`29_='&(2[([AS7Z`?@SLO




CN/1]\(C?BL$C

Z$^BPA`\0[B?_M3(0@_7B+_YS!Z_06IF?R2/OBG__5_`?3AO_R(


M\)._/=YR'5J59-&7?AG
26#X8\$!ANX24W&
@1?


M_Q@[B_ER.?N/\7^

MH??NOO@P_@J3ZT





1MR?!)`
FVI*9$'UN
MES&\9QA.0O#\!L$URL6/UZ'OIBLZ%@%6F+TA/)C9@$DGR-W`Y606'K#'`+



D(DB:C&AJ`3


M#WX*P!A#\O\87TPF(S+Z13].1^


2*S/

M9I-Q`9PH&8NX


KU*T4/_*\



8N\=T@'\71C'=UX`;Q.XJT[WMQ9CAFJD;%/9

M*



NQ%=)LX
M2,$9^R]TWR(8ES-<$<.%)H!\#\/7@0W-U[@)?`.F;6Y#1+T%3U\4CJ.82(Q
MF:(@8E`8R]NE



MIT10?JSYQ2$;UD9KY!?S)ZMTI)L)!5@J\`+`Y%X`*AD0T8::4
TN._3$!1&
M784_UO@,8[C%QW_H0RC3:1THI8:1KD@Z6D.-_\XQ*A;_=F-\&QF?`6W882Z





(



/_-WJKW
M\I#D)661=)


MUPAC`$`J6A'F@D\B]86Q]V

?J@B%_WJ/RY1\[W!3?B-[[Y6OOGIWP=`

-N\2.9RJ461B:=Y8-Z@L`?K
MM#C69;#!=[F29D\J3P2O&P


;5)5IBB%1R
'N





M^`9/OB58+%:3`@Y


U_NH(

W]\PB%FBR34
M)OPI(LT7)B!F-!P;*STS.Y53SLMEV.G

ML\_#8DTF:4^!UQ@O+7.+5]!%?MP&[Y6JKH.HWT8D=D\_@1C\TM#SS(V6B0[
M4^7,IO,5G6JD,H&707K7.K`Z^R:_1L7_
N%@H)4DS..FIUULX:GV.4QELV
MT2@7#4UD@`:Y[BNG0:U]9'B@E_3+9L)J-IZ,4U@S8:6##IY



3&??G7P?
S+PKGSRD
#SI.7-2LLI:]2X#`!







M*5P



[


@+-Y^#


M(UR;[!.D_[W





W&&7;6G#8/K@*RP(__6&H
ME






M&%'W]34B]:RR(B5@CV_B^:


M5]Z)UR
5+G$3N
M6H$.\U?


X.G:W7N)




*HDA=0K0U?8
M;;!'








M:))Q-

T@Z92?9I=%5J.B`9.=
MW1(-D'0+0*O'\4(%CK+[ULR*5NY:!0&R%H0RL]?-HJP#9*JTUZ3R5P=F;A/
M\2
S'K224WY2X;(6PK?!C?<._P[=
M2&8!4TJ,;5`NV*906-NI6ZH0PQEOV,2J`-%E,9!;1X0'YI7U8*[)<V5`5\-F
M,ZA19ND`=2;&0EGMJE
G4
MT507Y-@'Z]PXA=M11^UP372=`;#;QH2'[
49(/LTV5M`NQ(XF[']/=2![%2*



B-A#
M+K*X4J,8J6@;)QJ\!A&XP=IS_:?$32`Q[7Z+&PP(/WGQV@]CY-LS_)%<(9M^
METD^99FFZ$754.GSL[/)LG8&D:[H,94@UXF10[67WXAA4#HMFP\0]1ZNX

M


M*C$].BO!O-K==$JYO

M@/.-76VZ5PD^5JU
BX5`=(E8`/J9K:*X:&F.[M*Q)D8A?/:WN9KYO45SR!
MA1%L'VK%Z=T
7D'D+
)PZ'OK8_-DK

M'..%*[!Q$[(5:4T





7JB#^

M*0!$`P%LJ@


M=


EI$`/4UFN0
H9C

':

%7G_5$YY00



M\1C6`W)%MM)8]W!(L-B-]X/L/T1]:F@W@XE(0(K`N/'LG;\P;2;'K@S&D6(3



M4#DC*RUA6)#(FB7=69DL9GF;DDDGDUY?,M.Q_83!$=;$`9$I6JB5PK%$E=
068<W2'V%2;WVV?W
MAZEX;TQ<*O/
4.Z1SF93&O1QG;*?;@+X_BGX`OD@^W`$F^`)=)$GDOA\3%
MZ]])B=!T4?L!X-AXOI-;;Z6$

D9)J![YE
M3)4&`/H_IR







M(M2@






M$&\RJ7O8%)`RQ08.[\@M2(KE29WE;2V3%'W3$CB#E)
RY0RH&P`Q]-/;CZ


MKVA


3)
M)6L%=A*QL@A[

MI/;ZP?7O7WSOM6ZY7/SLP`@[







MT@9


$M3:7P:;.Z1)=1C7\.[P.!<;)-\D31:3,J2)8'*W#Q%MX=!.I^L$
MI$2@!0B52]`:,$I$Q`SN:(G=.R].&I9?:YX<%%,GZA6X?I&N-C$I@(@QO0;;
MU25'T:7AL,)-JC(RZOTWB0-6COHV2%#\\5Z@RSB&DL@0OVL`*T*#%(JS9M1



M
I&`RQL!#=T5$JGHT[)T35SE-;;
N6/N'#7[-
M]7WT1!@E'Q'.=N`EC*+P._I#?`'\
@/.!&-W5NC@=ZR
MVNZQMY4?RB_%[EANISS\
#]GU
+%+;0.


O'TO61Q:2&1M;&I%FGU+
61L14






[DZ?*YM/#/@





M0P4EME(.J:E116ZH\.QP[:



V48JOF
1VP0[IQFBR
M6$XKX
6H+8BZ`+]&86Q+F]O:QSFG-V';K)4H$85@JT;&))I*U:?;==VE1!A`


M'_CWW_$^NICNGF





3@7H])=







M+)ESQF-0+7&EY%0.R8L@)&?0J10B4E



]E4]K?34)R%_?I!*%=T.9GKAS










MB@D@2FJ3.



NE







M1_XKEJGN$DY+^E(8_MZ_)KOM_6C-OEF74:8V1Z7A(7R4P?3PE'(NDY801EN
M!P235]8,F+3'QV$W+90BL3^9:K&LWZ:`BH:NG&Q`K:$#U&DI\Q:=[WIZ@U)
M81R3).`R#B%FYQGXHUK5$^Q&X!Z!DP5(+HL&I)I#4IMR674C4SPS#-F@-T



9F/!FFD#T9']

^LSF7NS!X?8;1+MVFI[IC5:_:


8&S`YV?

M_C^S4-O%:3V!7\R'?7RR\^%25E/G



#708[;=PFQGLOT`UV38

NOILLD#A?4C7]/TD.WX?L








0?51.[;1W

YKS^!-8T#8


4C



MU[B5-Y&C-^(+\+UZV=$;C2!AGX0$C]2Y/^`KIM#H;0==7*6+'+[&4[[UQ['Q

T1+I%G:YF@CIHW3$V!9.:.\I


M0X#
\8D:,3L(1MO6[@BW&&4\@F^KQAS!
C%*Z#GH\%%PU)92WX1I5:A.L6

#@X6=4M)?O_B.42P6#)&?



MJ1$679$B#:KS7$BC380ZD`8_./:21ADWW4BC$&X[2.
W/_%V;@(Y6^RE\ZQ)


$JK6R\%

D`3'GR434
M5LX[[
@1Z/BW&&YN@VO77^
;6[W@E;V57])Z^1(GD;N67S;4HLPR]E3W0+I7
M


MC-/AO/KLF)0PH\0F8Z'*TI)PFQFY(B1!VFC-&*8OGSZS;[9
?WCJILR.65Q(
OP



MI?P\

M_V\PQD/6W.++(#BX_FVP1CWSN#KZTR/3AI9`Q6!9.#FCQ70FHGV\3N9F6L$[
M55N$F4L4`X]IMH#@^PN4@


M;1`GKD^*.KK1NE$X7V@Q+1M5=AOWMET3,!%F+NQ^$WA0(W!!$LC
*/=L

+4@T2VB;A99)]#D)I1[HD7#$GO5&:K
M-0#98A&5#Q+-C-G;9F-8'S.C_-Z1!!OIOLN7L8[]2_?4]Y675
DYMP#$`TEL


MZF-V?BU`3H+]\#_[

MES


M-R:&^T6*()+H

M.)/E7+K7MBDQ3^G!D!E5W+*T8V85-I_8U;D;




M;%F/7])L2:#

IWI#U\G=NH6]/+N%SP88'-+LZ
M]+U$4';N-@UR;1N6-6$&VB]CD2NU8$V
;&N76I&F9#O/*@&W@XWKN[]Z99\=

V
*@^&K

5UZTA%W+5LDN%D_GLV7C


HC%




%?



'K?FE



M1;\8LS.CC!.\=.2


R+4`6ETCD

MH17]R7KL&QMWD9VY&WP)VCJ
S8PO))

MU0J%-:33=@NQ-14'OK'_6C2





M67STC%K9N/`RV'P.$B\YW@;;
-JY@C.I\N\-/H:5
$KZ:LK18L*&LJE8LFV


M.U



T!A37^6




_:<8\75+CL9X637JXR!9@HSZ'_FEB@88^^E297KT

HP?Z11H)$`-X\#TSS^@XP$-=
J
M=RRH\VO:T.F5J]C=]);!3F_+BM9X*+7D=WIM*^&MU6M:%Q_BLW^D$Y?Y;5
?
M3J*`MTQ0;




M?!EL\+7`?O9;SJJ9_-OFB9YGFO3JP'*^G%8'F87
CK%\PM;X`_B%/PV_4-63


D=Y*


:Z^
Z[RU5PMA_U4Q


T]&]`S`@3KX(6?D2&
MPLF-Y\/H&HU!7\.(W^,J/S4H*DJJ%:XLJ8!B`&I'%


MNXL[CIH[P^5W?1J54[S&\:&R_&^A?P@2-Z+-!K_+7GUNT#RO*%=HRIUROR03

M0;RIR$CYH2%7^TN:Y7-G-$Y+B-#:\


BR5
M(%5#UX3(_@O.7O)^
MV@(


M

Y$4\OGD]N'@A`YH]-]X9%\VH
MEXZDQLD,-1L^P1?!E$8+668F-M0-E2X\/UN-%VQZHS1(WR`A((;A1X7]`X
M/[M;=$=Y(&^ZRE,41H;,?4=(R(.--`BP0A-'%P:)#2TOC//%-/EIX8G*R+EE
M],ZE+_0(WV%PJ&[NT'1\MX0


0=ZTK$




!GRK!\


MWFB;]-[BT7S&Q7H^]`A/AQ[?Z


(BK?
XH'OG06/A86^)!ZU02V!/9()^`TJ[C&VRMMM`B(


M2B+78E8Z<K;@]=^]Y.WD4'Q</A5?/EA#MAAF%/05-K;NFK49Y@`-

9.U%T4VT]DF3V\






WI/XC

MSJW'YKXJ\3?
C0/`O\*8?7\[PSQZZL3ZL#N0/BEB^RCQ_E5WLT
'06;X3M(Z




WND'/:LFO
M3)BUA)%:*)WY\]5BUH4HL$*`-9X#/[2+3B
OK
Z'%ZIP:


MSAM?W1T4UVQ1E&('5NM
4UCI7JSDNM7%E@8K

2`6H%L$!$F@


ZG4M\]5X-)'F&_
WU/3@
MO%3GH-EY.W`IO
H#H,P?)
M$PR\,/H:)C!^_AX^OX6'&79D_<C@3HO76AC03-_+,)U^2JI[J#5W
D\R\
MZ6CFS!;_
:%T]`[!GFH`
5$!`JP#)-]#D#`M(*9J?NX%=W4LW+OWX\Q[I@%0








PH458%


SGUMN4/7JO



M82NS/*#:FGXM
:WM^

V$I1J


1ZL48JDP0/?U47&&
M&FG='CHM/1SLN$1C`I8.28BCHJ=%/FQ*QX@O7S=HOOZ7J'M\$ZW



M0ADBBZ3SV%F.Y[5\\



M1H=H5+CUN-@M/#$D


M0:H1X%

Y*/WC_P89_PBW

(FVVPJGV29EZ\(64

DPE$1#_Z#S$`)$NB[6!NM

MJ'[`#`#/(2`F@






:9

2[4$GJ%;-8





]-7B=A!



MT*56YJJ/725UR$..I\
VN?)(/FV+)2-EM)&NV$@&/;=!M7\?_\WU#_14A^^'

)]5

`9DU%^!R
M%QY
W5
P=#1)3R2/@IM*L6GLWAE?M3V8;@&VD'`^!^XZ(99C(+3+KXH



M9@3(K0#
C&




M\V11-4GE+*?R3`DMV%[09B7LNX7$R2K37X``V@AH7@Y+X+8V-!;!DU3T0AR
MWKYA2



(G


X\X2GKLB
MXV/\!;QWS`.7JBC&%!*&^8POTSA9(!].#HAU3#3WA#7:J$C#'I)%%!C\'%
MI=Z05:5






M%:GMN[*=7:_MR6*'SP.?O1N1&=MU.S`YN?=W@^/$#(#TQI/*A`5B#*5+Y=


B6S#X#@.D3:6M++YC&'69(0H+!HMI`]PRH?:

_PLI%
YOI&@
M5HE86T2S^(QWT6UO#IYVSR55DV2[X=/1BL)\LSE,_ZTCH[^C\M!0!Y379F







$(
HO#P^@9<L
T:.&0G[D62LC!O

MX[QW;W-P?10P;X





)









M5^LJ\E\T@1VN-2JLNSA!$1(+
KFV]1

^!7$87'O)\3+8?`FCR(N3
M\'OP#-%/N






M.GV?5`P(
^]]XKU1?(C2KP05;GB
H089X=%6Z).;P+'HNU8?'1HS%?WR9TP6





M6C6-KYG)]UI;I+-H
I^
3D!`QK%4D*'&0:M[3BU(B).0ZZ0!O`B3D0
B?GAL


MF.LM3


M

MVIBO;8*7

@Y=CE\(J
M0#YWRT
OF_+


LTNEZS=N@#'3836


OD$7TV;@)YIL1KJ
CH@G\#<$V#7_Q^=;3!PW!6/G0YGQ1U7#AU

M#IOY7.H7%U]9T]\A0!6\MO*NM!EV'T9DKQEJM7O#L







_0YEL$<7[R^`P6)I/J.T4O?]'E)`*_D

\U/UXAM%FEXS
-3BV:*P-C];5!O.5&BA


XB^S0N&LY6I9BS=\@\
W

X:34IH)
9('PCP^6`/8
#7)?\
84DIF*$QTCYSZ3MU%


K
:XD6I



K']!8$2#9**MX3GRXC[*'R-W%U]JACK
MVK;A@*R;JQQ#O;1U<R#7B#P=]K@^C,1]AI)O&J,JH5FRK=UJLG!FE*3RBF\X
M%=WU&B_SDERD]_1MPZB0H%NJ'0VIB7H0P35$N;DQQ4X:HU'A)289,-&67%O8
MA^..T''SK





M8X@RN0;)'K@:.;


[(7-WB(O:8FX1(/J4U#=T&-A+)$
M4KGN_.AZKAT@]8#I!\P`-.X&S`10L
%$Q]9(^&AQB316I1M;4=Y5


M^G



M$

MYJ&'_OU%99Q%!:0*LB/#)`*I#I`I`5B+B1%\?U%PFG+C43XWS(WBVU!#/E17


TAA_^MBSH-B?`$R



M
-B4UT7Q+Z634D6F4;)1
%06._/59#864$U:5:R@DZTY!YNZM6A;B*:W4''Z
M_N#F]N&7QP?6M\(3QUC]+QZRB6@W



6W%B`4B/%A9M`)D1Z89J


(`3^PR

MQOM$?02&VP-B4Q1$&UT02KL^5*'ALE^#!(??MU%(&XOZ
6IT(NBU*`3;CC[*




M&^3*^\$QKLTFQ/&``9NG`5OC@.V+`3ND`=MF`7





MAMT*8GU_1A%!$I2B$N/SHY)V_1E5X6=#+:IM
2Y^OM)-
;;V9WJ-86U_IBYH


M9-)!)AZ?ZW4-;-#JQ7.G_+TO0`#I?4CN#V.[K!2QFFVJ4@F07E*Y@MLP@NU8

JXIQ(:
MXWQ01

*!
M_*UZG2/R#J.7T&A


MS#CI)!\OIJOVJ&?:;
=]JZ#4(']#Y?Q1L%\!1#OT%V.K=Y[U`49/.)AWG.IA
M34\;FTL]





&0LDF^3
MPEI`24VQP#I5!+`F

A8+:*JB\Q8]1.V

K$'M``.MR2.?


+WBT$P2_H_8`*_8D^2.0G(0B3



V`?E355

&I+F3P

H

N;;D@GX)I%4LC_93:

M4XK4*\:QI;0KP5F
5EEQ=E[&=FH=])
:H


H\=!X


-8B8;
M_])ETO&&Z









/JX0B['XJ23#&&FIFRJS/.



ABD38XW8$
'(E*MZ0P[DB


M4%.G'E
//24]&X+N]S!X=G_47'Q:]\2`6WX*:J7K&3F+

M.^#0^XA^D/D6?+=F0.`?[@[+R#,;7+S3DW%'?K5+W6TN1FUVVB

MU[^#^#@(O]!2TRM#-ZP-]L@N4HP7RQD[=I%?08L'[DPFH$+[+3_$;46U.CDV

L2_LHY!%-G:3
=Y'K8;`O#)96XM$79#$HKP]1='JM1TLA
M]D&462:=K-/E:MXJ1?@*[Z$Y_D[]-_1$V&0O!DZM9G7)SZN*`$G)T!BN9
MW@++Q:!9#.G;X



MMP-X

M



?7;A0=





$O!`O
5U<G`CS_7!KZX7L$.^%RRV

MD]G-L_'EYA^'.




MP3/#^JQ0^DK4QZA
NQ4]*







E`DR#ZU'_@!J+#_KT^K/CC-0'J.\SF\%


M.NJXN:9V+TQZ583'[`
;9B!PF866[)8Q%?(FYA?NCRF
&?)-+XP`06H?2`TT


K2^.40P)-8CK3HKU8T0&NE/'%5]

:):Q=LNEKDX7#D(
97F08$


227L?2:HV4#`K^B&)`BE;+(*[Q@$'&Y%0JE!9+#M)0^Y;)LP-?;?TK
MX




M:Z`
!SP=GA8:O[28


D?Q=:N6+I6J'M%TD#8U2-?.D^VOC47F
*-AT:FBH.%@4ZK:%
M7J7;0DT.(#4D_`FR6P32+HS'#^X1][GEYJ-E15B!ZE.[5
I+39OA'`.FP9)Y


M_OL(#L&&36G:261\5

MCB:K17%V?
]D@1@+
S$OWMF;(C^FWA!AQB?#.[M6F`IH]FBXB6\!:LISWKP`





M6T[8B=7`EZH%A`&(,XTX;,6F2K$7ZFNH1FLYV
J\%@6DN!A3U@%R10;K



1N


MWXM7]Z.UN&$[#JULE#^OL)PM2^BG.[



ME_









M!D_)Z9JX#HG#4V





GA8UGE;YF<+.4B2U`+*%LGX]6PN;9OHXOHMV&T



W(JW
M1YX/\AU.7A&$0^'ILXS=)/]W#6DA#JA1&Y@`DF8V0DVCP7=7?8J3I\(`Z[



/7:AHJAIK']T^`:RU@[9
M0UVCR625%I[`DD!
1=$;

(FT(K



-7/'IGYC%PMYK_]0SG@=GF7@:
M`C6^3/0:!R-((C()].C%OXO+$HM?&A:Z`DODB_8NG66&5BP0E0+-)T@6*-

(NPV((?!L%%WG++%
F\
CZTZ
V33#?755N
RL`KB

:
'$#HVDQA-YD'0;9




:3D@



_D@B+AAI8+X;D[(N5.REJ!3R\E!9A;63U4W9

ME2=O\LV8`_9(=T$S.:.W'`1;4




M(3)K2;;&2H-K]IK@\0ZZ

M
9:978!9#`XT!CXO!L8YZA304AQ59\)COKO!S=2//KB$ZW]R$[=A1U;#
M2P





[\(GKK8HW8[1KH//IFS<G?X

]-BLN@%UX.
:X(&..#

P_]K'9



MT4-T:_C&QK6*'CSGK5O4I8L-[;8
2=0UX8T1





M;)6RP%9%6JSL6\#_C:GV?+[9$!L#=_U&+9&*BQN?L#_9=JS!0V`]8.2!)N8
MLL?0,1)MSNV

M+V1
*GA!

AY]*U<=M(O@W;-3&[<NR'H/





[I

M
S5TAMW@PN$P\9#HSR&T!G@C!+P`\3$Z[-%_OD.8P`!7;@@V;%IUG]ICZJ:W

7

;&[X;B&79U+/Y%=$&-O``+4'AJE4*%K$GMQ+_1

8:LZ3SU%FNFIO'XJV#

:'DA

BDF.$
M]-#)F8^R

MNAI2KXPE442



M8%9N#FO?


M
EF;4&A?0_H$`R^

8CQ




F52SHQ/9
MUR/5*3B8@/6:OL-#0\;Q)02O3OSU6RYY.'(3%NFTS%'W3%3N#EMGR0H:O_


7#'?UQ%/T9JE/)



MHRO1.\/BC&^(-)^/1\MLU&Z*$\%I@7.CL;'7-K\=-K[.2#FE.R@JZ&\.@9






BE9ZD(T
MAD=+%X)



M37Z-#?DE;E




*J95J!2D@6]4

;:

:#W


Z[.&
MHCBLLC



MV

$NO
M/BELN9S







:W0X0






MDGC

MU






G@*)JSLC9;*P488I`FDR

$YK4!4SRSJH3?
'_0L
M6UKH%34.^`ZQ\K8951)1%VF&293ME(7*?#5W:E9)
X7%


)TG[E,5=WL




MU8T$*UC=N7


U;)ODQ@*XZN&L9TR[T
M#P4D

_


1FF)
)2HO28(`R56;2ER





M`=O7-EJNWOD?U2;QZI2L0%99/(UQ:2F`

M&O6'%ZMVX*BSHUT9RDN&P!%QE@Y&C6GM)&EZ`3=UK_!+$$$C&79%@I9?0%=^



![DCB;`AL02%G%2+J?73VF6




IK_BW1-.

M;^K#N
1./T`XD.!D0%P0V=9.@(B.FZ-7R.
YQ*G:;]I%%HM]BK'RN=S\J!
M&:@@^OH)^4^T8=UH;.'P2)V\0YTFT8






M!^L[\5X]P@OMK'I\W,.J+Y[IG]-USD9VQ)($=7Z_L?PL8[)(X372/A87G;#
M&=7$H(4A:L]Q415Y00Q:6A]2H/J@1R*2@8LVNQ7J%$PC$41Y!IKS?:16[
M$64$8/8'HV





M&J0?Q529&?6

H((\X?50P

6-/K9!MZ@_
$?2]
X7-3!(4I$MMMC5]
MO`E9#6-:`7#5SXG7$51A0[

MF$!U3T%UJ]#4\MX&
-6M9066\7/VG:Q:82.&_WA#AOHPIIW8Z5*@NR2(\OLF





M;):-4

B9Q)BHJ6[50P\


MW$`

@?D\+&7^(NCL66[`@[7%



M;ZHN`RG]`^U38AU^!U[5`D_=
I9=_R9/`+=LIDO[F'S&W^F?Y%OE2B_;@4N'

/QE
K7$DNNH!4B`(_A*V5MDH+I8LL;



GKKR)]WN+T5;^5R





M(:RG[_9$/NB?R/Y.U]BRI:TAIN9#\





YGYXG\1O04JP*COIT:-A<(36

A;/,9LUL&&M
#\]6

M1ZG2\G`'CD
ESB/T\K&//A]QLKM[)K2?XV0'&S-?HR!;0W+X^B7!=`01S:!5


Q]1\%<0
MO9!^@I'^#D0#YN]+QD?-/LD4MT..SN;+<[YD%G0A+Z@9MG8?`[#M^A(M83
M1F0%'@9_X2WYX8\\2,@/3YA$*O@#Y4]+U98[-.U^1
3P_3P.JY9YDVSP
%N


B5?!%AC`K.

M44??^'^M9_M-8`Q6.H[
?H


-L(+&)UH:7CU8W%E[+1AH
UQ9M_
MO





=SMC'_;3


ME6VB*&7*LJK+SH!([I%20$G

]

<[5^J
&DQ&@$^X30]/0P#?D:+


7JDN^?Y+O3#XA3
M







_QU':
N:&/MH3\W'8IN#86


MA%Y@[4!A8'PHCQN&6

M
C_+

3:@L]#)6*0WBXL!O
M:P(Y%GH



E._K@@Z0?JK7UTZC&Z=H!9J;Y3DWC4R[L0
!2@]AQ(*(0.%0
/.))

M]TD











M
ZMCM&$[NRB-MK_E?A@\O[/L9KK3T%-W7_%E*RCMDD@CYV/1.E`$]ZQ(5TTD



%S`)R?QN_C&&YR&-










Y'(1_
MB[V$)[3$D=AW$.?=SJ^`\@ZS6L%XG/S^'!.7^L).\B#/0Q9*<0K/WEA?:1J
[QPYF2%?I2'916W%#%KMZ_WG:Y*C
&8D7MQ+9X
M2;)8R%@B
QTH@*Q]B6@82;XA

$%`````@`
ME8!M1A*%K'KBE```AOX+`!4`'`!C;VME+3(P
30Q
C(X7W!R92YX;6Q55`D`




WS('_;8OR4^HYV_/:&L`/
=B_8V
MV0XH$WL^DG8*%]D6)'A5)V`+HA2^`GTT4\?6SL4]C-&@%ZXC%.(/^4\]-(4




MZ.IFY3BWB$/-


L2'+5(N$)9[?`$M$XA$I;T7SA&Y


M6I)WY-+C!J3\KHMWA9DU

K\!:L08(T7FP(!%%:D(5
M@*.9H&T?B(*6^OP$0LS_/Y,:@!;FJ(4!I7!6X=88I#Z2WX$@N6@:V!RLN!

?)+`R[

E;K%=;



A%XFGOP
?T5G]
MNG@)X68(]D1F')39AY;5

Q

M33#+&K-XA(Z4/$D*-36%NC^_$@D#P7&JJ[
4]:$%BGZT6`!0RZ\RF&32GQX+
M@#J)Z3D8Q.B

MO]^`[#
-*FE_
M&C0@LZC9R\$Z<UAF<1![F=55MB!^H





TS(&-V
M%;
9DKI+@+A

M?]12'HHM,=#N#[@*[&LV(4_;E5B5`LTK/J*03W


M+0/V?


M(34Q`\

Z4SR.J!:SIWT`NO_M/(
;CSP
L!.7N0N$2(M,.
M'Q51IA91<H^&#1<1G-H6#`8,`I$B8'!=XR0%ZS+;0616S@?;!&(SSTTN?9
M1*UTFR&7@.#$=O`_V$*0FG[P'7&2,#/H4=:W`NCYET[-R7YV$/:BID-JC

T


KR8O?H;RD!2'K;2].)OZ(8E4W+R]'8^I+HI`4/Z!!G$4IL;H3:

B]L$A&#,7_P`'`EGD

\O(J.6ID]1L`-)K)S2]%[3T
0=*47J
0
MV6UU*=J6^4L(_?LP]DYO1W*;2]'U!#807[Y1]M';D78TL=FEJ/LY#I&8[R7E
M1Z

B6
MDP:BOXP:HA

M&[UBW


_T7_#')_=;WY
XC1]




MTN-S?'C!4^CLMC%.Y2S+$OB2%\\XK6*IO2T_C@ENJY
&4\'Y
J261BC&!0@0


QX+HI&P0;9`H



G^-!-8-@?



V]/407\+PIGDYCCM_1



5GVO+&SLS4II;(;N

&H[
+=
M#?/&WJ&6V#+/R1!'WP:KR6

MJ=9GS;1(A:7
AS+H].J






MIRZ7T11Y9:(BKN:

'J#
MJINV!#VR:1LGQV5X@40AXCOP53+.:#3`3O(1$9%S);H&Y[L)G?9^/
+B



KI6U1.'^W`
M15+LX*`X[98@*8X[)@/LGH8Y*D_K69YMT7GY9W.TT3DYZV$%!P_%;2-*?=5Z


M-66OR&A&4^Z*B+XU9:[PM+DI'478BCCEI7#-D[TR4MR%Z&RSC3HAA:NR]DM2
MN2*8IACXX6/@)W!

7'M77OD1J2/D0!3$!K7\$






F3]$E





G$8/0QS`/&6B`(!RH\M35*\BHO/C_3HRGT`ROHZ
MA6FO_(6:#B4SA!4\4M^5%^60/H9!+;8!R!(L2VD+@^,PR#0XIHCS*DV/7X_
MT]S4P-_'27'@BMN)9$




MN%@.A/OO`EY


_7^\


@@.4JPS%^#U'EFBN^Q
NI



[=)I





$O;!7

A
R?W0R*\FK


MDCD2?HI%4B30%`4Q&1QPNDZ1=Y%;$T145-$U!01-45$&8MO*2Z7]/X7/Q$

/1L1LHMA&%!T#/8


ER1^I0PT5Y:J/O@)7\`
M?.46[Q:4X3
@F*$#/\B+:RU=Q2PZI?IKHO@+W.6['V
OG'AP&$#^X&(3*5




']OBR
^I
7!7AI51^4RC:U@]$`CYOJ
M(9C:PB(2+$3L




M+]]@YGK6NGYL!01]UU/4]8






HB=@

M/L^

U+B&-S
M\[-DH&'F






MKTAP&7P5''Z]2A7L8\S*JV/8JQM472]9(.+LZ4A$T@9!UU5I51
ISR(QCF2M







M87Q#:%=3$.IPL%-
!*Z_EZ4C;6&*-1W43M\KZ-3-V




'[/4Z*5XT89ZG


Q289D`14I&`+^RD4;#M785/

M+1
8^7#OA7

!SY^2X/,9&W`'IPP)'

.
CS!.F7^%R
M@GOX!?^+S0&C@PGZ'[TH8-+;:F$/NE8(O6+SXUC__G8;=/XM?R10(V]:+=


MO.*9080B/:WBB!LW*-+3!$?%RU*


4D578?DS8M83F+
MG!3*6[RN.Z


1




-`@&MS#
(M1I`GR]N5$00M,NT5`Q?'QVD]HX&3N[2&.PL2_I+S?C1E[
MTY]`&)S3PS1*G0T8E1MT5&]:\E*+*0VMX1VGG&$V<4T#^F-ATY/'SQO`<C.


ANF
MS`99K61*:I:

OK.#?Y^#_^







*7UR/7PO:'@

\KL1
M][KOQWF4I4OO4&@L47!.USQ/\++@V!!51M)21*28Q@OQ$\'E\OORASS%=;



MY.!1

2$
Y41]%$=


QO


-J8B#^]UMC(:XN`:#[[
M$]B7)D.T`(ZK8H9.XX1305EY.
MY?X@$2VCW&]-Z%/1]_M98U\$UO7RVVEA7



MU8

!B_0@RO(AJ\RTN*T`)EB0%TFH:64]5MH(6-%V\VWO1




MNZ-25L:YD@Z2_AJU


J:4/'\-P)


H

MK
/W3



MMXN#(KHE*N0;CI9.;FU6DZJ)X68N
KO8H@WB
YNA&#[V,+#9#.9;9CL9FD

ML?QQQRA#FP&-A_Z50H2N
=WZ)D_1FDA3Q


2V%8&R5'

WL9H*7(L1UZ1V*



F985TO2Z:*HK2SQ?4Z



MNXHY/X7&



MCC*YU297@9.N@CZ[\=_C+9)JHSE^40*/L1)`M,L_ARMD'@.T2'ELQ#=..I
MCJ*%^O^(XB^O

O#K_W)&



@^
M=7N


Q`


_6\6X/(P7'6H\)5A1&W](CJM]/\-DM

M

MV


M`VKY(BKSXZ]^EK*8UW+EWPKR#*:0[Z/B.:0.XL18O(=P4Y*3S.,0[+/'
MGT`8W

MVYJA.L


`*_LXL7CQ^F@Y6T
^*M:(T-D]WM228
M*4BL'EIDABI






KTX;
]C
V\QGFB@]?C
!;S
M6M0NT


M-52C8V2&3Y![N


9#6_7.N+

B/8S&W7N,_#A&'G3(O*PHKW86:7'#J&A47J9+TQT&UUU7M8I

M?G37






*['LPX)^_Z=3W@=1!0
MJ5NW7QRL_:JVAKOUY'5H(6'*]2C9@6`5N_]=#Z4=%P!/-TTMPE(7N)')AM]

LU\#/XVFS=)[3+24<_C17Q`;24?Q&?[Q&D1:`U]F+&
M(1IY4V=(?`25_'#TP`3#
0S610G/\4KT5L+M660V1-XA2D(R&C*D-]G.*-V


M1TJ=&UHKO;.3JM:06IA9'_AQ#2^L7N=Z!LDK]
'#TS-39N7UTH(?$IR:D'7\

M'8R4D`(;?.3\.)-XNVW$`F'SN5WMY8`:Q:J/WW/(%I`'V\;IF[E-=+RRXM
M)J&7VVS_;+1T6/M+
I`BRIQ_6T2QFP*(X2U[
M

MIJNAMZ)P2NL5KE:9E=BNJN*[JQ&THFNMOW;N:IAL_\5'TY#5`F%_*!&+P`9'

M8#!B8:3S2`5GRT8)0G

%U1C\WYDV%#/ZDO6
M7#-4BXX7\G?$IQ/#-IHJV[2(N
ZE1


M&\



M^@
CK-RA_-';IVQGNWW(?1Q

M
KGV6:N

M7`.L/B-]NI-VANLHS.



P-Z#]4$BM^Y.^]K$





0(N#5^SCY0W!<_^1/W5?4AS#;*V!=
M?2O7G]9F.@*.45)$+X[K.6QBT%!-$JXGJ\D8ZV6NW+$\:B_G&#BN-[H3RO5D



M]N:*F1^/*`$3%JN'11PPOP&[CUWVMRE/ZTJQYN3H7YH*AY$V#K)1?.ED=:\:
MIERD

V/B*[$PZ^$


];M#QNO!0$

MO`3
1C@BRARS!$E9F]+R





JY?6-$?GHU


M[7$
.38N^?AUK#C:K$R0\=*GD0+/`[(QN):)[6#BS/OG?)R$/D)\!+P2TH
M_RL

M`3ZMB_
*?:




`*`7'D)8=VH[+&D1R[
MHH

M*P@9K]@9Z-\/43[/$L+8MXS/PJKAU$./@`/&U*G7@.


MZJGE`=:*[[8Q0F5I36%3V6FC93W0OM0L*&



M@_=N%OH0@HMV&37@N)F^+@X.0=X[@O.]FU6))
`AB.(-.FZ6@I'S+K;/)$GO
ME^OGN9(SD(@GR1_:G&!N+D.N@;Z-%-


M6G6UN.9E4.9F3;I:?E

D:M`*








C7SDEGU0





%0'

=?I?
9





37

6^
+#]&N%NO]6+2--);'#2W_


XEWZA2'
MOP)L/J*-O_H


OGG)__\Y)^?_/-:4GH%!=O)$:\'
MV:/@



MA

ZMS;P\P+JU)R=__
T27-


Q
CA:'MY2WO@`/-PFF&7W'DQ^]L(<+/#C#7F2X/1*+X62.5<4XP?21G=Q

@/HL5PPYI6P&.A-L;@
ME(O;H11&

6_-%[FVLR
E-X?C/W^($&7_O;P
M%Y!R%B
@IV-\O40[?







M56;7/4HZ
TG/S7=J+J4?2O0BL

M+3.Y92:WC'/`3FX9=;?


9ZQRP*DWFNLE<=Q%S'19/XPAG=B[6K0<9B5N\2)V=

K#DK0NM
M'(GNV+CV_!+V76!]H(?0/%.<S\FT<@FX)]!KEL.C2Q]`0'DDO9%VU24YF`H


CXD.@0
MBG?HNZ_C!*R\+^)A
3*#3C@4@UI3`TZ`:+1EL?
EQ1L=I(/@0IMBPH@[Q96M
0($V#&7LF/8RQ4#O
M
4'V@A
]YFN%%<(]TX]EB
M_L#,<VSOB?LX4;XLK'/MF\CS%Z#3
D
4H-#+TWA&OHGR*5H
+4O
2`Q5XL[




MZA9Q5@B$O]HBS@.#S57S-93.'N-]H
VRI?;8\0B.%VM

;[T/*0
MN)
6]%N%V





;P&



Z!T@96$


M[E@]S)HCSRD3


=WT`:Z_(
MD9GIGD!9`]U+LL


MA3U$KZ!
_)K'R3Y.BC5-T?R.YGXC=YBC9_BD./7V!44(
O:3S%0B81N=


=N;V-]W_\S1T?(!9-LX:$Y;VOZFM39!.=(R/9C@^1=K/N6TUNJ4
MI\#_9A._?@N+T3#=[ZM_8XK?MR@N__I;
RW!;T5N8X0ZHE^*ULK$ER^NE[LO




M'*+0UNPO-X
!Z=;&E@!`][`WR\?-$O



QF3

M+0@ATDWQ(L
&TCW^\0E@PPHVO_?XU#TGN@@&)Y.NXGO/+^MY@EOL#:LJ5.+'



M?2`[Q\C-^$%A\5H\PWH$YEUYK
BRZ_BLN*7BLP1)43L-Y_+FY=2+]8V70O^L

M1KC6
MN)_02EJCQ1_0[6V


O70K07_1W`3MN

AW.%2Q
MD?D82@E+$E

ZL3%4%07XD4
MRLEMKY+JW][90S?[ZF!V

YF5YM8CX;*H
MR4G#KKX#V0\UB=7FV(.0$K@)B6]7H.T^I4O#5B=2;N/NPHX'_I)%W03=K.

^EL7GV8(


BO*0;N+_M.N.\-B711NJ`O-
ME]#(U&CKN3P<QPBU1<IJM4#9\04%JWC#\_QR2M



M^C4MT7LH:A]V.Q!`)#:J$LP8P



\Z[FBC?]\K1'8_D:G+])7'6

*\0']ML5Q#^@N


M6EWMX.DV!_?H0&MYV:'$6B3WMH:S5:S.UUE?.[BZV^W#^`!`15SKS!-FCC&$



-Y3FM;4S3:;I!2:&?5$AY_52(G




M)HN


2;7[
O44_\8^2M3'

ME/+LL936DXE_

9FA*MY%1_S!5


MA


M&WI'KPU.LNS;7$;,[8JI;$==#.W(K6Y4=JK)VFJ`X)'^DEK,Y0'^$Q#DL\C
M?`6XO)47;22'LO@UYM#^=X[EJ69RTAN%`LY;2C$[]QSEI[\2%K.N\=\MW_.
M=TM0G.[H3LT2^)*S)4-N'RV4'4T:LS42F='2IH2I$`@4[:J7SANPCA.@1BBO
M[SB=O!3$RXL28;=8(\04KF*Y`332K$RKC5+!E3G/\?LQ:(KPW_


M0!_




I;+3QHJW@^JC`*2%-6/NI=MZ

'5L32ZVH

MCA@BO--I!

M


/7@02C5
NN'R\';GO3:<6RR%RX!8'NVZT<.R\5Q<HESLYGK


@H2RPU@0E7B=$;U3%*@%$8S#18&Z
M%38S18%J0DLHR&$HVYNKH4DVX-W2
%V-9+(!9@D#GJO!4S9\!H9&YFIHE0VP

M&


L0$7Q0

M]A4D+['M*G]?Z

;E^!@14
M2@]RWD
T$







MQCQW'^

+:3X'D9H=4$O1+)@5CRAF#[#3037T
?5T4J8$&!+-)0/40\T]TT8
M^W^8R7@])8=C$&-T
!+]+X8LF1?!SF:#TWG?I^

FU(A



MB_[X*?+C


MX0NED



Y47I%&]F=].K*_]




Y#D$(+5?<L1IJ;^1'3JU<0D.C

M=SNHZ)9C7

.Q
M.;%Z&*U)(^Y-8'8QN:4$O@8Q/6TRNLOL
W.F]NO?;8V8=J1LGB=)?0N(VY$X
MW:]H%XI#


KR=)?VV;GF

7OG]QC16




M[$-*8S//-9


M5T[40AFE7R@&?K[CZJ.W2$P


M2&$'A-P8)O:IY'?@LBDRB
G=K/15NP\=RP$V[7)AL
S=Q+;O=8H-]CG?[;SD
ML%C?YQD:_`.




:1:#3U%R?&X'45LMT/0I#D
D


N[


M*^Q'#Y&H$22^`8V6OW@%R4?$R3TZ-KWP5^`E:@:FH:;7$PO*LG*T4VOO8XJ



'
A)W?

M

M_Z29+`D-C=);8

M-M0C7&]_F.!2

Q\D^3@K^
MB3E.@IU,;T1FB&AH6EZ73T$;P[M7Q@)JQ(#F(U4I!$J&9LH.(QI7J.LJA
J
MS1ZMYQ2#Z%X
(OWD/5K:!.X9UX
B5
2GL85GRM\C-&%S+


U4

M@;;PQN!XVE(D7`P6_[_BC=6*J#HAT=^[
HN(5AGDGGQ
N-=BV;4AFM46_9






30Q









M:+.F82$9?U-
9P=?::YI^

8WK/](P*J9*WA5+YA/7#HO)






M2XEW'F+9[(



XJ@R=A:&5]+
M
AZUWT'[UZX?


V%1'FQL/9UW?P172
M&M^TU7(CA@:M?ZL-Z8+YGRW./C&:RPI&''3`P2E9NQ'QKB@)*7RI!26F\RL8
MG2EMXQN-1B0\F$;*;P:)P6

'BR=$.:'/;#E_XY

MDVDH33S*HTQ#I]PK(VJ&DYZK-$#JAV)(B5HMI8X11QUP=$8?6B\ORV@-FOVX
MK5GD




&:Y1!86IRG];Q!%=+LAUU
MWD'GYX3YL%V$9OQZ;J9JLNIJS5\K!D#4<-BC0?
+
YM5&RG9;YOP_])[
:M
M&WYM[4-0AY%!W9HY$/DD^_5[X

ML`:FS-ND[Y1/IYF.:[(RJ%DSW*5LE4.?



*+9/TV1
M3B-^=A[RU&0U6H./`0&:D;-.^-.(@M=??!1$)+W8^J.\;@/:2D*HQZ7'JP9'
M-;&5M&%L`(5F9JT
E!H!LNN(J49[8.;:N5_T`RK:O34J.N7*-J]OG78670

/@]HU
V=1?

VVAT]MZ(


(




M$:8]@J0Y2#`
.E4E_K&M?KV`0;&:799'6N=TF

HMSB



8
M7@@

MM(K(UD?5F[)P=QSXE%]S
5NB8_BCBWF[`$H*@1[*TH&7`7&:(3Z7$S`?NYW5
$8G
M$2;FB/%K0N*]@;O%MC/@HD=Q:C??.D*4/1<D0%-!7=XY=DVUNR`I:HPR*1
ME;;)$HVRL%56%%A)NXK(1DCVTF844[HPO4Q71B&+''_BA/BX4(AF7!F`:PC

?NJK!NC'Z@2X10#%22YM5Q)9E7B:R*;)0KQU
@SB@L0AC!JP;G<\HH*@$7[X2Q#<Q03X0YX6Q)^/*(



GSH7EQCP.PQJ*=M


M:3BQGZ(==N&[_XLVM-F2GBJLA-WU;DFIMB7HP*D2!T?O-
.Q-G$+PV]6'W[?
M:!A6JY168XM7.L*E*UR^T.B&


:-YL@;)\!-YH*WLE


M7*L:+@VX5`/ER&SOM8[^W9*U60&S9'UH]DUJM)(JT1^3CC#I!R8FGQ_TP_V9






M935VWFLG`IPU!T.^;@'[%7U=_%Z[7&K&?&RI^%T?DKY847/D]G&[6TGM
MTYCAUY?FWQ!_JUE#YW-JX])6\M-6YZ_0`@
4M7
`M8G*&VZ81*X6LLUA



MAJ=:1`9\:9YP=5*V8Y#SY4K21%SJY=2+OV9)-T/R81%@0EVF_.QP`(S88N


MCT[GQ06WX=*5G0$UFED\9:




M&[OE&NGR$OY*Z^$C5E:3):OBSV5E(S#:W0S^$*5#!OXQ\6!AZ@/=D7X#N%[T
MR*1BS:*
A/F!@3^1RK.^21M@'?U_47^\P!#X2V=6\_\202%?GH3NJNU!XN0
MY!EA-M+G]/QT_#9@B\.CCQ\_'O)2AVL6KG#N?Q0LI4
-.KG!^9Q^O?OWATG
(+)^L:+@F=E7#73^,,*+YC17

M@L5KO5Y1*;\DA-@M'[%;CK[KTI)VK6C7!%7)'_A?3E0;%9(`*_W0&`BI.KOC
M`)\TA0%G&U+[[2)X/.1K3[9!KL=UFE-$)_\XR)BT:`CWWK`WM3NFD##]JU.G
M.-1MW`Q)@S\Z54Z?[67CVE
B_JM3_:X/^X^H
2`4
O&[$QQ\XMI\L#QJTHB



M&%'GG##

K\$OB`(12A!
A






.F[Z_T0@SK8FC

MI6%JTPGS8C8@VP-3D+3W/](3PA:@$?258PS#LCDPSY_7Z)S+TV!^6Z3UYM1#
M@X%9@$M_]A3




LM<[7FC=



M0WFQ?1'T$JIA




^PRM2_)`O4>!_Z:

84`N)'PMR'6#@^

9+F

WC3$P\#[F(@\_$

V77XO!B!E9E'M





(S=!]SY7#9
M9_A\1I^C$P_PHW3D[JO*?8Z1?/YZX\\%C)C$G-'?3=@7X*(ADK\S)W[7!B*
MTY1P2.,0;WO@^A$_9:R4HBP2J3V+075$$`#`__*LW4)]7?#:CJC[D+DE+
W
M/

MK!

L-?8VG;B


MH7*ITY)`7LTCLQ.7?0#]?P=+/X2O%O92






B`?_PRN4!

+#TKB\#.CU/\[*%@(A
)1


M)AU@)-FO'I`'2D5G

R6Z#K0R@1MB



TL4=[P1E(.6
#`MTFX/%UB





C-ARC_]*LZPTZO=_J






FLN

MD
8/)6&('`11@$M?:?')IN12TE;4W:3O
]@@:_X]S)(B%(XZ

2(Q`1
MPBGP0I+3





M/!,[MMDOKIR_^Z:Y7,B#L#36V3?2R_9*CINKR@SH,/T._+(T\\7H:W@W9P

ESE_'NE9]24CRD*T[4)K/H'_6@T-P)F$HQ\/P/J1.I\YJ



M=!K$T7(2P3@=P5!$?#^YYID_I@1O?2Z0N#[-T$6M)=M@A:E4T)`U@99MO=7J
MTT$U%TCH[S$\.'_$%73A=KN\S)VVUNMW/9,+WG_PA+4\SLOCKK)A9P\4B8B
M471-9WSY

MZ_LKXV7IX3*QO$O3&2AD1I[%MDH5SUQV.



M[C$SG\._)N)EML19(!-9BAGTEYCP=&


M```!````I($`````8V]K92TR
#$T

M#@``!#D!``!02P$'@,4`````5@&U&6.[UE9,L``#T@(`%0`8```````!
M````I(&:[0(`8V]K92TR
#$T


M`0```*2!?!H#`&-O:V4M
C`Q-#$R



M```!````I(&RF00`8V]K92TR
#$T

<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementHealthCoverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountToBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedContingentLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedContingentLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_BottleOrCanSalesSparklingBeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_BottleOrCanSalesStillBeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_BottleOrCanSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_OtherProductsSalesToOtherCocaColaBottlersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_OtherProductsSalesPostMixAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=coke_OtherProductsSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCashAndEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedContingentLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q,#EE
M.&%D,S$W86,B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



M
#EE.&%D
S$W86







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R:W-H


T0B5V]R
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O










&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M='

#I.86UE/D9R86YC:&ES95]2
M:6=H='-?86YD7T=O;V1W:6QL/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T
M4V]U<F-E($A2968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T<R]3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`@
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3W1H97)?261E;G1I9FEA8FQE7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5?/]X
M.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U<F-E($A2968]
T0B5V]R:W-H












M($A2968]


M=&EO;G







M86UE/DYE=%]);F-O;65?4&5R7U-H87)E/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M971S+U-H965T




O4VAE970S
BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


#I%



M:&5E=#




\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

\+W@Z







T0B5V]R

M;&5?



O4VAE970T
RYH






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\


:6%B:6QI







T0B


O4VAE970U


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5L871E9%]0





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F5T7TEN












M(#QX.DYA;64^4&EE9&UO;G1?0V]C84-O;&%?0F]T=&QI;F=?4&%R




O4VAE970V

M:&5E='
O4VAE970V


















M86UE/D9R86YC:&ES95]2:6=H='-?86YD7T=O;V1W:6QL7S$\+W@Z3F%M93X-

M7V%N9%]';V]D=VEL;%\R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='
O4VAE970W

#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T-S$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE970^






M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1&5R
M:79A=&EV95]&:6YA;F-I86Q?26YS=')U;65N


O4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7
#I.86UE
M/D9A:7)?5F%L=65?;V9?1FEN86YC:6%L7TEN<W1R=3$\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M-SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






O4VAE970X


#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K<VAE970^

M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE




&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC

















O4VAE970Y



M:&5E='






O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS



3`Q


#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z






T0B5V]R:W-H965T
#I.86UE/D)E;F5F:71?4&QA


M


3`X+FAT




O4VAE970Q
M
3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC






M:&5E=#$Q



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-
MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5L871E9%]0



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
5]0<F]D=6-T7T-A=&5G;W)Y
&-E;%=O<FMS
M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^3F5T











#I.86UE/E-U<'!L96UE;G1A;%]$:7-C










BYH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E





M7U5N875D





#I.86UE/E-U8G-E<75E;G1?179E;G1S







&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-



M968]



M;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^#0H@

3X-CPO:'1M;#X-
M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
M,#EE.&%D,S$W86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T
M960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O
M4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

M;'-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@

#$T/&)R




]


]



]



]


]

]
T1T97AT/F9A;'-E





]
T1T97AT/D1E8R`R.P-@D)


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C(P
M




]






]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A



]

]
T1T97AT/BTM
3(M






]

]


]


]

]
T1T










]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%!U8FQI8R!&;&]A



S$R+#(V
M

]

]


]



]



]







M7S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#



2PS




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=!O9B!S

]
M
T1N=6UP/CDV


]


]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C4V-2PV
M
C




]

CDL
M

M;7`^


S4L
S


]
T1N=6T^*#$L



T1T;W`^26YC


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#@X


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
V+#`X


]
T1N=6UP/C



]

]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]






X/'-P




]






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M(#
N




M($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]
T1N
M=6UP/CDL









]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP/C(L


M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@0V]C82U#;VQA($)O='1L:6YG($-O+B!#;VYS


]





]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L

M1&YU;7`^







]


M(&-O;'-P86X]



C`Q

]






V+#`X









]

S$L.#


]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP


M1&YU;7`^





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@T+#

]
T1N=6T^*#$L



]



]
T1N=6UP/C
V
M+#
U


]






Z
M($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!N;VYC;VYT









M;7`^)`V-PP









]



#$T/&)R

]
T1R93X-



]

]




]

2PS


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='









38X/'-P86X^



]





C



]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0X+#DX

]
T1P



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4R


3`V
M+#(R


]



2PT
S
L

2PR-S8L

M;&EA8FEL:71I97

]






]





2PR
M



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R(&%C8W)U960@;&EA8FEL:71I97

]



]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L

]


]


]

30P+#`P


]
M

]


M/D]T:&5R(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A
M;!L96%S97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4Y+#`U

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#$V
M+#(S

]


]




]



T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@96%R
M;FEN9W




]


]

C0T+#@V


]
T1R

]





]
T1N=6UP/C8P+#@T-3QS



]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Y
2PS



RPS

]
T1R974^#0H@








]



]



T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N






]








]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S






]


]
T1R:#X-

]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
SQB

]

S

]


#$\

M(#`N


]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P

#`L
M










T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N

#

3`L
C`S+#@R


]

RPP-C(L
M

M;7`^
RPP-C(L



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4P+#`P
M


M9VX]




T1T;W`^3F]N8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@





]
T1N=6UP/B0@







M


]




]

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P

#`L



]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S


]


M

M=&]P/D-L87-S($











]
T1N



M=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86





]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]


]


BPQ


Q+#0U

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8P+#

]



]


]

M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PP









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP
M/C(L



]

M871I;VX@;V8@9&5F97)R960@9V%I;G




]

M1&YU;7`^


]






]














T1T;W`^5&]T86P@861J=7-T;65N='
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#(W



M87-H('!R;W9I9&5D(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@

2PY
#











]
T1N=6T^*#8Q+#0S

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U
RPR-S$I






M/3-$;G5M/B@T



]

]


RPP




]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T.2PU-S`I/'-P













S`L


]



]



]

M1&YU;3XH
C`L






]
T1N=6T^


M;G5M/B@R




]

M87-E(&]B;&EG871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M/3-$;G5M/B@U+#

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#8X


@*')E

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X-3



]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#8X




]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]

M;7`^


3`L




]




T1T


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PT





]



]









]

M86YG97

]
T1T

M1'1H/E1R96%S=7)Y(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@




]




#8L




M







]
T1R


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(W

]
T1T

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C0L



]
T1N





M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPW

3


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N9'


]
T1N=6T^*#(L


]



]


]

30Q*3QS

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
M

]
M

]
M










]






M9R!86QA;F-E(&%T($1E8RX@,S`L(#(P,3(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/C$Y.2PT




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
2PR

M;7`^
3


]


]

BPQ











]
T1T

]















M+#$T




M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W+#$T

]
T1R93X-


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+W1D



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS







M=!$96,N(#(Y+`R
#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



3`X+#DT




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
2PS
C`\





]
M

S8L




S$L

S$L

]
T1R


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#



BPQ
M




BPQ


BPQ



]








T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@1&5C+B`R
M.P@








2PR-30I/'-P86X^

RPS




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]





]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M


T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

T1T;W`^4F5T86EN960@16%R;FEN9W
@6TUE;6)E

]




]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M86QI9VX]





M/3-$=&]P/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@










]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#$R



T1T;W`^0VQA













M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y
M93AA9#

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

M/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P



]
M


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3


1494.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[


'!X


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K

T0G

CY#;V-A


'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U







3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M97






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E4


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW

M

CY4


M97)I;V1S(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L#0H@


4
[
C`Q

40[*2!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS
P@,C`Q
M,@T*(@F(W@R
#%#.S(P
3(F(W@R
#%$.RDN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q


@


M+49!34E

T0R/E!I961M;VYT


M;B`R
#$S(&%N9`D-XR(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@
C`Q

C`Q.3MS(&-O;G-O
M;&ED871E9`T*('-T871E;65N='





@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#8X+C8@;6EL
M;&EO;B!A;F0@)#8T+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!A=`T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L
M(#(P
30L)B-X03`[1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H




M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

'!X



@=&AA;B`Y



@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


63H@)U1I


@





M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L




M:&4@8V]L;&5C=&EB:6QI='D@;V8@:71S('1R861E(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I




M(')E8V]R9&5D('=H:6-H(')E9'5C97











@3F5W(%)O;6%N



L
M(&%N9!T:&4@9V5N97)A;!E8V]N;VUI8R!C;VYD:71I;VYS('1H870@8W5R





T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$






M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@



M5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.









#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA


M.B`G5&EM97

M=VAE;B!E=F5N='



M;W(@87-S970@9W)O=7`@:7




@:7


M;'5E(&]F('1H92!L;VYG+6QI=F5D#0H@87-S971S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@


1494.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($U!4D=)





3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

M:#H@


M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M

M($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@8V%P:71A;&EZ97
@8V]S='
@




@:6YC=7)R960N







T0G1D].

CX\8CX\:3Y&


M97

M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E8FMI

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E5N9&5R

@;V8@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&%C8V]U


@86YD(&-I






@82!Q=6%L:71A=&EV

@;6]R
M92!L:6ME;'D@=&AA;B!N;W0@=&AA=!T:&4-B!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H


T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L






@:6YV97-T
M;65N='









M86YA;'ES:7
@:7

M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M3U=3.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

T0Q/B8C

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
24@86QI
M9VX]

@

C`R
CL\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$


M9G0^#0H@/'`@86QI9VX]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97









@


M+49!34E









M('9A;'5E(&]F(&=O;V1W:6QL+B!);7!L:65D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@9V]O
M9'=I;&P@:7




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

'!X


M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


1494.B`S
M
7!X.R!7241/5U





M5&EM97

M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E


T0R/D]T







T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M:&4@97-T:6UA=&5D(&%M;W5N='
@9'5E('1O(%1H92!#;V-A+4-O;&$@0V]M

4

40[*2!O=F5R('1H90T*(')E;6%I

0T*('-U

@9F]R





M(&)E=F5R86=E('!R;V1U8W1S('-O;&0@=6YD97(@=&AE('-A;64@=')A9&5M





3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

M:#H@



M(W@R
#$Y.W
@8F5S=`T*(&5S=&EM871E(&]F('1H92!A;6]U;G1S('=H:6-H




#$Y
M.W


@


T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


2!P96YS:6]N('!L

@




M8F5N969I='

F(W@R
#$Y.R!P97)I;V1S(&]F



3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

M:#H@





@






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M34E

T0R/CQB/CQI/DEN8V]M


M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M5U


@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%R92!R



@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T=V5E

@



M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M

T0G1D].

CY4:&4@0V]M





M=7)E9!A=!T:&4@;&%R9V5S=!A;6]U;G0@;V8-B!T:&4@=&%X(&)E;F5F

2!R96-O<F1S(&EN=&5R97-T#0H@86YD('!E;F%L


M9V(H


M

CX\



@87)E


M;&QE8W1I;VX@:7

M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M(&9R;VT@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP86YY(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE#0H@

@=&\@5&AE($-O
M8V$M0V]L80T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@9F]U;G1A:6X@8W5S=&]M97)S




@=&\@=&AE:7(@8W5S=&]M97)S(&%N






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


3L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$


M:&%R9V5S(&%R90T*(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87

@=VAE;B!T:&4@




M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

Z









M='

@86YD+V]R


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M-RXQ(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD#0H@)#4X+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R
#$T+`R,#$S
M(&%N9`R


@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!X.R!

M;&4]

M







M87(@87



M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92UW:61T:#H@










CX\8CX\:3Y$97)I


M97

M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E8FMI

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H92!#

N(%1H








3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L



T0R/CQI



M5&EM97

M(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X


M86-C;W5N='


M.B!R9V(H

M;&4]

M


M;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`V



T0R











@


M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M92UW:61T:#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

'!X




@9G)O;2!M


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


1494
M.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U



M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




M.T$@97AP96YS97

#`N

M.B!R9V(H


M;BP@)#8N
R!M:6QL:6]N#0H@86YD(0W+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R,#$T+`R
M

M960@=VET:&EN('1H92!.;VYA;&-O:&]L:6
@0F5V97)A9V5S('-E9VUE;G0N
M(%1H97-E(&9E97



CX\8CX\:3Y3=&]C:PT*
M($-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!W:71H($-O;G1I;F=E;G0@5F5S=&EN9SPO:3X\+V(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S


M('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@0VAA:7)M86X@;V8@=&AE($)O87)D


4
[56YI='
F(W@R
#%$.RDN($5A8V@@56YI=!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H
M92!R:6=H=!T;R!R96-E:79E#0H@;VYE('-H87)E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B-X



#`@;75L=&EP;&EE

C`Q.3MS


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M:61T:#H@


@
M82!R97-U;'0L(&5A8V@@-#`L

M9&5R960@=&\@:&%V92!I='





M='








M;65N='


#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$58


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY3964@3F]T92`Q-PT*('1O('1H92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T
M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M


'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

G!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




@86X@96%R;FEN9W
@86QL;V-A




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS
M1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.4^/&9O

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BAA*3PO
#(P
4



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

3XF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24@86QI
M9VX]

@












M+49!34E

05!313H@


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@






2!T:&4@;G5M8F5R(&]F#0H@;W5T

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M4SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-24@
M86QI9VX]

M97

T0G1D].



M97

M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E8FMI

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DEN(&%P





'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!7241/5U



@0B!#;VUM



T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

@0@T*($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!I




@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@86YD($-O;6UO;@T*(%-T;V-K
M('9O=&4@=&]G971H97(@87

@;VX@86QL(&UA='1E


#$Y.W




@9&5C;&%R960@86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:&%S

M9'





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!#;VUM;VX@



@




M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92UW:61T:#H@


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=6YD


'!X.R!#


M.R!7241/5U


M92UW:61T:#H@

M



M86QL('-E8W5R:71I97

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL







M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#$R



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


3L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$




@9&ES


@8F5G
M:6YN:6YG#0H@869T97(@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LQ-2P@





@

30L#0H@=&AE($9!4T(@



M9&%N8V4@:7

#$V

M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M;65N='



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7-I<R!T:&%T











3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@












T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4


BP@
3DY
RP@=&AE($-O;7!A





M5&EM97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P-B`R



C`Q.3MS(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN


6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



Q+`R,#$U+B!0:65D;6]N=!P87ES('1H92!#;VUP86YY

@870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF
M(W@R
#$Y.W



-
MB!A9W)E96UE;G0@870@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LR.P@
C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!,#LR.2P-B`R

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
M
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

]


C`Q-#QB

]






]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M92UW:61T:#H@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!



M
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N;F]U;F-E9!T:&%T(&ET(&AA9!S:6=N960@
M82!N;VXM8FEN9&EN9R!L971T97(-B!O9B!I;G1E;G0@=VET:!4:&4@0V]C
M82U#;VQA($-O;7!A;GD@=&\@97AP86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS

M;B!R:6=H='


2X\+V9O







M)R!S:7IE/3-$




6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

MB!-87DF(WA!,#LW+`R

40[*0T*




M97-S964@*'1H92`F(W@R

M

@=')A;G-A8W1I;VX@;V-C
M=7)R960@;VX@36%Y)B-X03`[
C
L(#(P


#LR+`R
M,#$U+!A=!T:&4@;&%T97-T(&%S('-P96-I9FEE9!I;@T*('1H92!-87D@

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.






M96YT(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@87)E(&9I;F%L+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!




T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M1$]74SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS


M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY&86ER)B-X03`[5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0V

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ
RPX
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T





M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(U+#(Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#



M;&4]

M

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\





M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



3X\8CY);@T*(%1H;W5S

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


#M
:69E/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
RPR


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\







T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C$S+#@P
#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*




M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE




#L@5TA)5$4M
M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4


M.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@3F5W



M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92UW:61T:#H@

C`Q0SM!=6=U

C`Q0SM/8W1O8F5R



CDN
M-2!M:6QL:6]N+!W:&EC:!W:6QL(')E;6%I;B!S=6)J96-T#0H@=&\@861J

L(#(P
34L(&%T('1H92!L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:&%S('!R96QI;6EN




M5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F(&ED96YT:69I86)L92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S





@3F5W(%)O






#L\+W`^#0H@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M



M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]






T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97







M






T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M




M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXS+#


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97








M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



BPT
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T










T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXS
M+#`V




3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='
@:7
@87

M9V(H


3$%04T4Z(&-O


M
T0X
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

\+V(^


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]


M97


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




#M
:69E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXS.2PT
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^0W5S=&]M97(@;&ES='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!



M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L







M5&EM97



M

#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X





M


L('1H92!#;VUP86YY







@86YD(&)E
M=F5R86=E('!R;V1U8W1S('1H870@87)E('-O;&0@=6YD97(@=&AE('-A;64-

M:6YA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@0T)!(&EF('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9A:6QS('1O('1A



B!M

30L('1H92!#



N(%1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT





M




M.B!R9V(H


'!A;G-I;VX@=VET:!#0U(@=VAI8V@@;V-C=7)R960@<W5B<V5Q=65N
M=!T;PT*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P

M


M:7)S=`T*(&AA;&8@;V8@

T960T-#9?
M
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E



]




]




M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M




M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@




M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0X-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B




M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M

3X\
M8CY$96

3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
U+#
V
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$P+#$S



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.2PQ


63H@)U1I;65S


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$W+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#LF
M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO


T960T-#9?
F5E
M.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970Q
RYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






]



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\

]



]




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M

T0G1D].



M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M





M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^
M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


63H@)U1I;65S


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I;65S






#$S/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



#M



M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3(L


T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$Q
RPX-C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$Y
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY&

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T








M97

RTQ





M5#H@

T0G1D].

CY#;VQD(&1R



M5&EM97

S0U+#
Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

S$W+#$T






1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXW-2PQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXY
2PQ-38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C@Q+#<Q.#PO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXW

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\




3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY
97-S


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S4X+#(S
CPO9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C
P
BPY.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M




63H@)U1I


30L(#(P
3
L(&%N
M9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H97-E(&%M;W5N='



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);B`R
#$S+!T:&4-B!#;VUP86YY(&-H86YG960@



3
@8GD@




'!X

#$R



M4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@



96%S97



96%S97

M


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





3$%0


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
M
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$




M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L

M#0H@
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M


M97

M#0H@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/CDT+#@X.3PO


M9VX]



M:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C0R+#DW
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0X+#DX

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4





@87
@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&EN#0H@

C`Q.3MS(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&QE87-E


M.S(X+`R,#$T#0H@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,CDL(#(P,3,N/]F;VYT


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y
M7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]




M;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X



M1#(^/&(^-RXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M.B!R9V(H

3$%04T4Z

M=&@]
T0X
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


\


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY$96

30\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#$^/&(^1&5C+B`R.2P\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M5#H@

T0G1D].



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C4R
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$P-BPR
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/E1O=&%L(&9R86YC:&ES92!R:6=H
M='
-B!A;F0@9V]O9'=I;&P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C8R-BPX.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXV
C(L-S(Q

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@9V]O9'=I






@8F5E;B!N;PT*

M9V(H













]












#L\

@3F5W

M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q


T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@
M



M(')G8B@P+#`L

\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C4T+#DP.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M97(@;&ES='
@86YD(&]T:&5R#0H@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E1O=&%L(&]T:&5R(&ED96YT:69I86)L90T*(&EN=&%N9VEB

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


63H@)U1I




65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY
97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E9`T*(&%M
M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/D]T:&5R(&ED96YT:69I86)L90T*
M(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S+!N970\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B



M


T0G0D]21$52+51/




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#






M87

#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S

2XX

#$Y+CPO


T960T-#9?
M
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970Q


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P


@86YD($%C8W)U

M86QI9VX]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#M/=&AE



M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@
CDL

T1T


@





M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

38L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960@:6YS=7)A
M;F-E#0H@8V]S=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C$L


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
2PQ
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C$L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

BPS
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W




M/3-$


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




@3F5W

30L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXQ

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97


M4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T


M1#$^

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C

M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'
M24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3`N)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[1&5B




M

@


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@
M8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3,E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@3F5W






M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M86QI9VX]





M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M97


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


@3F5W

#$T/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M;&4]




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^5F%R:6%B;&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXR
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@




M5&EM97

4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CY396UI+6%N;G5A;&QY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ
3`L
#`P


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
3`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@





T0R


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Y.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C
W.PU-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M:7!A;`T*(&UA='5R:71I97





M3U)$15(M0T]


T1B







T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




M5#H@

T0G1D].

CXR

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
C`Q.#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/C(P,3D\+V9O;G0^/]P


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3@P+#`P
CPO

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M







#(P,3D[<R!T;W1A
M;!O=71S=&%N9&EN9PT*(&)A;&%N8V4@;V8@9&5B=!A;F0@8V%P:71A;!L

@)#4P
RXX(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8-B!W:&EC
M:`D



M;65N='


@

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)

38L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP
2`H)B-X
C`Q0SLD
M




@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R)B-X03`[
M
C$L(#(P

M
#%$.RDN(%1H92`D

M;&5D#0H@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!O9B!/8W1O8F5R)B-X03`[
38L(#(P
3D@


#$Y
M.W

2!A;B!A;FYU86P@9F%C:6QI='D@

40[*2!A


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

Z




`T*(&UI;&QI;VX@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(&UE970@:71S

CDL(#(P
M
3

C`P(&UI;&QI;VX@9F%C:6QI='DN

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S

#`@;6EL;&EO;B!O9B!S96YI;W(@
M;F]T97

34N(%1H90T*($-O;7!A


@=6YD97(@


#$U

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L



CY/;@T*($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P
M
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`D,C`N,!M:6QL:6]N(&]U='-T86YD:6YG




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!X.R!

M;&4]

M

C@L(#(P
30@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P
3
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&AA9`T*(&$@=V5I9VAT960@



#$R+!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,C@L(#(P,30L(0W
M





M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

MB!D;R!N;W0@:6YC;'5D92!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]V96YA;G1S(&)U=!D;R!L




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q
M8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O



M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






M=6UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

M



G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M5&EM97

3$N)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E


T0R/E1H
M92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:7



L(&EN8VQU9&EN

N(%1H90T*($-O

@9F]R


@=6YD97(@1T%!4!A;F0@87)E
M('5S960@87,-B`F(W@R

40[('1O

M871I=F4@:6YS=')U;65N='



@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&-A



M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@





M






L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97
@


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N




M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


@

M97
@
#(P

M='D@9&5R:79A=&EV92!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='
@86YD#0H@=&AE

M:61A=&5D('-T871E;65N='




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#0Q)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


M86QI9VX]

M+#`L


T0Q/CQB

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@








M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@






T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C4P


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B





M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4P
#PO


M9VX]



7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M




M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.


CY3=6)S97%U96YT('1O#0H@
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!





M7S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R




M='

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CX\8CXQ
BXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E


T0R/E1H





M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#8Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@
M


M


63H@)U1I;65S



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL



M#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



M86QI9VX]




M(&-O;'-P86X]









M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97


O3&EA8FEL:71I97

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE






CX\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4






T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#



M:61T:#H@

M1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@


T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M



3X\8CY$96
N(#(X+`T*(#(P
30\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-#9P


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]


M97




M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



M93TS1#$^/&(^5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T0G


#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97

W

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.2PT
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@W
2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



@3F5W


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R



T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH-#8L



@3F5W(%)O




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3






M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@



M+49!34E

T0R/DQE=F5L(#
Z



3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L






M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY$96
N(#(X
M+`T*(#(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0X(&YO



M



B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

3X\8CY
979E
M;`T*(#$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=
M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/DQE=F5L#0H@



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@3F5W(%)O



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
3X\8CY



B!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

3X\8CY
979E



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$W+#`Y.#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

M


M97







T0R/B8C


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-BPX-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

M.B!R9V(H


@3F5W(%)O

@87)E(&AE;&0@

M(&9U;F1S#0H@:7




3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L





@86YD(%)E;&%T960@4')O9'5C='
@:6X@=&AE(%1E





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3



@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

$$P.SPO<#X-



T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W
M:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ
RPP
#`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
RPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
C$R

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ+#`W-SPO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






M:7IE/3-$





@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M871I;VX@:7



T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4




M+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C+U=O

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]

T0Q/C$R($UO

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]





T0P(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M





M

M.B`G5&EM97

#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M

M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C$Q-RPY-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
#DL

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

L.#4P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M/3-$



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B






M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L



'!X


6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M(&%C8W)U86QS#0H@9F]R(&5X96-U=&EV92!B96YE9FET('!L86YS(')E;&%T

@9F]R#0H@96QI9VEB;&4@

4

M9W

40[*2P@=&AE($]F9FEC97(@4F5T96YT:6]N#0H@4&QA
M;B`H)B-X

40[*2!A;F0@82!
;VYG


M(%!L86XF(W@R



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


-B!M
M87D@96QE8W0@=&\@9&5F97(@82!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H96ER(&%N;G5A;!S



M=&EC:7!A;G0@9&5F97)R86QS#0H@86YD($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N

#8@87)E(&1E96UE9`T*(&EN





F(W@R



M(%1H92!C=7)R96YT#0H@;&EA8FEL:71Y('5N9&5R('1H:7

@
M)#4N-2!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D-2XW(&UI;&QI;VX@87,@;V8-B!$96-E;6)E


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








L('5P;VX@=&5R;6EN
M871I;VX@;V8-B!E;7!L;WEM96YT+B!4:&4@8F5N969I=',@=6YD97(@=&AE
M(%)E=&5N=&EO;B!0;&%N(&EN8W)E87-E('=I=&@-B!E86-H('EE87(@;V8@





XP(&UI;&QI;VX@87,@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!,#LR.P@

M.S(Y+`R,#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN(%1H92!C=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET


@)#$N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F(&)O
M=&@@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!


T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2



M9B!*86YU87)Y)B-X03`[
2P@











M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
30@86YD#0H@1&5C
M96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q

M=!L:6%B:6QI='D@=6YD97(-B!T:&ES('!L86X@=V%S(0S+CD@;6EL;&EO
M;B!A;F0@)#,N,R!M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[,C@L#0H@
M,C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q


T960T
M-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE
M970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



]
T1T:#Y$96





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U






T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L







C`S


#(V+B!4:&5S92!L96%S97
@8V]N=&%I;@T*



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL



M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L#0H@


'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M5U


M:#H@

M
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M

4@
M86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$-S0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


96%S97
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
F4],T0R/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D


@

3`L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

38L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C(P

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
3`L
3
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXT+#
W-#PO9F]N=#X\



@3F5W(%)O


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P
M
3D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97


T0Q




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G0D]2




T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

F4],T0R/C<V+#(T,SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



W!X


#L\+W1D


M(#QT9#XF(WA!



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RPQ.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O






M:7IE/3-$
CY


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU
BPV
#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M5U


M;G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:7
@82!M96UB97(@;V8@
M4V]U=&@@071L86YT:6

C`Q0SM304
F(W@R
M

M8F%S:7
-B!T:')O=6=H($IU;F4@,C`R-X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@86QS

M
4
[4V]U=&AE87-T97)N)B-X




@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N
M86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@8V]N8V5R;FEN9R!304
@86YD#0H@4V]U=&AE87-T

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$

@82!P;W)T:6]N(&]F


C`Q.3MS(&1E8G0N
M#0H@5&AE(&%M;W5N='

XY(&UI;&QI;VX@
M86YD(0R.2XS(&UI;&QI;VX@87

M

#$S+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN
M#0H@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&]L9',@;F\@87-S971S(&%S(&-O;&QA=&5R86P@
M86=A:6YS=!T:&5S92!G=6%R86YT965S+`T*('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F










C`Q-!W;W5L9!H879E(&)E


RXW(&UI;&QI;VX@9F]R#0H@4V]U=&AE87-T97)N+CPO

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!X.R!

M;&4]

M


@










@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P@,C`Q-P@4T%#(&AA9`T*('1O

C$@;6EL;&EO;BX@4T%#


#$T

M871E;'D@)#



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


3L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


N($]N($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L(#(P
M


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!

M9V@@
C`R





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@=VAI8V@@:&%V90T*



M=6QT:6UA=&4@;W5T8V]M92!O9B!T:&5S92!C;&%I;7
@86YD(&QE9V%L#0H@

L(&UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V97
@=&AE('5L=&EM871E

M;G
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN($YO#0H@;6%T97)I86P@86UO=6YT(&]F(&QO

@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(')E8V]R9&5D(&%M;W5N='
@:7
@8F5L:65V960-


6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@8G5S:6YE






M9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4

M1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M:61T:#H@


'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!7241/5U




M=&AE('EE87(L(&%S('=E;&P@87






M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)


'!X.R!7241/5U
Z


4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S4E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS
M1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


3XF(WA!
M


M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


F5M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
RPQ-3


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^4W1A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L
C(Q


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ+#@X

T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L(&-U


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$U+#

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(R+#$U.3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
F4],T0R/D9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C
L-C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C4X



M.B`G5&EM97



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
2PT-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C0L


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/DEN8V]M

M9VX]




M86QI9VX]

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M1SH@







M3$]2.B!R9V(H



M
C`Q.3MS(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4L(&%S(&-A;&-U;&%T


M8GD@:6YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3



T0Q
#`E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*


3`@
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CY&:7-C86P-B!996%R/]B

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M


63H@)U1I;65S


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M




M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

0T*(&5X<&5N<V4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$Y+#0W-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$U


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$X+#8W



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR+#$S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
2PX
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^*#$L.#




M97



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT
`T*(&QE9VES
M;&%T:6]N/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC90T*(&-H86YG93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PQ



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
F4],T0R/D]T:&5R+!N970\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXS
S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






M/3-$




@

3DL-3

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-

@


M+49!34E

T0R/D%S(&]F#0H@
M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!

BXX(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@=6YC97)T86EN#0H@



'!E8W0@<W5C:!C:&%N9V4-B!W;W5L


'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!7241/5U




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X



3L@3$54



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M97(]

MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T

T0Q


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]







M(')G8B@P+#`L



M/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M


M5#H@

T0G1D].



M=&AE('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@


T1B;W1T;VT^



@3F5W(%)O


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

@=&%K



M


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4U


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS
34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



T0C0T-%





M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








M:7)A=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@87!P;&EC86)L92!S=&%T=71E(&]F(&QI;6ET871I

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
BPY
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R









M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*



M



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M


N(%1H97-E(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S(')E9FQE8W0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
2!K;F]W;B!F86-T<R!A;F0@:6YF;W)M871I
M;VXN($UA=&5R:6%L(&-H86YG97
@:6X@9F%C='





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P-B`R


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L

M

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M+C8@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#
N-!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D

M='

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
B!O9B`D
XV#0H@;6EL;&EO;BP@)#`N.2!M
M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D




'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M241/5U


C`Q0SM!8W0F(W@R
#%$.RD@=V%S('-I9VYE

#$S+B!4:&4@06-T





M;F4@;V8@=&AE(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS



'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!7241/5U


#$U+B!4:&ES(')E9'5C=&EO;B!I;@T*('1H

M




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$















PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@


N(%1H90T*(&9E9&5R86P@
M;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L;W-S97


C`S

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@:6YC;VUE






@3F5W(%)O






@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%N9`T*


@86YD(&-A





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M



3L@3$545$52




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

M

M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY$96
N)B-X03`[
M
C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CY$96
N)B-X03`[
CDL)B-X03`[
M
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M
F4],T0R/C<W+#,Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/DEN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X-
MB!0:65D;6]N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C0R+#`W
3PO9F]N

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.




M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT+#
V
M



@3F5W


T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M97


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ




T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA







M;&4]



T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(U-PV,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXH-#`L





M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
C4L.34Q

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M


CY3=6(M8F]T=&QI



@3F5W(%)O



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@Q-BPP-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH-BPR


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF







M5&EM97






M/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





M/3-$
CY096YS:6]N#0H@*'5N:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
RPV
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E




T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH
30W+#
P-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@Q
M



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXS
M+#4U



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@



T0Q
M


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T



M8FQE(&ES(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97
@86YD(&]T:&5R



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!


!A<W-E
M='




M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M5U


@



M;F-L=61E9!W:71H('1H90T*(&YE=!C=7)R96YT(&EN8V]M92!T87@@87-S
M970L(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
CDL(#(P
3


M;W5N='
@=&AR;W5G:`T*(#(P
S


M-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S





]

T1)1#!%

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H






@3F5W(%)O






'!X.R!#3TQ/


M.R!7241/5U



@:7

M;G1S(')E;&%T:79E('1O#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W






M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL

M.B!R9V(H

3$%04T4Z

M=&@]
T0T.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#8@86QI9VX]



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0V(&%L:6=N

@


T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#L\

M
6QE/3-$
M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L




M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]







M+49!34E





M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M

3X\




M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M





M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX-B`R.P\
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^





T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH-3


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(P+#8X.#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





F5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!




M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXS+#4Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
BPR.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
C(L



M97

RPT
3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXH
2PU
M
3


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+#4U.3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Y.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L



'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$



T0Q
#`E

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R




63H@



M86QI9VX]








M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^1&5C+@T*(#

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M5$]-.B!R9V(H


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9V(H


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D%C='5A

T1B


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@




M;2!N;W=R87`]



M4E1)0T%
+4%

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M
S


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY.970@

M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

F5M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@Q+#
W-#PO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXH
2PQ-#4\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





M;2!N;W=R87`]






M)R!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

S0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1T


@

M;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



CXF(WA!



M/3-$



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@





T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXQ-BPT.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH-BPS.#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N


M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF






M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0T.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\



3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L





3XF(WA!



M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





3X\8CY);@T*(%1H;W5S

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/E!R92UT87@\+V(^


M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M







M+49!34E





M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M;&4]

M
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#@R
CPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q+#$Q


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI




@


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X

65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B

T1B;W1T;VT^



F5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C(L
S

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T





M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU.38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^



M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M



@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M9VX]

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W

RPV-C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH
2PT-#(\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3XF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ
M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'

#L@
M5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/
M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z



M1SH@







M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'


4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


63H@)U1I


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CY.970F(WA!


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



CX\=3XR

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97








T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR+#4U.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M:7IE/3-$






T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
P



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M







@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C$S+#<Q,SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$T
M+#DW



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$L-#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPT.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&



@3F5W(%)O



M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M/3-$

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!








M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR+#@S.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXS+#8V-3PO9F]N

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY);F-O;64@=&%X#0H@97AP96YS93PO9F]N=#X\

M



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M9VX]


M


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!







T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P
M7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970R-2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





]
T1T



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@

M+4)/5%1/33H@

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




-B!($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RX@5&AE($-O;6UO

M5&EM97


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#MU





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-



M;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

M;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=6YL97-S(&%N(&5Q=6%L(&]R(&=R96%T97(@9&EV:61E
M;F0@:7

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q
BP@9&EV:61E;F1S(&]F#0H@
M)#$N


C`Q

M3$]2.B!R9V(H






M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X



M5&EM97

M($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E


T0R/D-O


@)#
N




3
@
M=V%S(0R+CD@;6EL;&EO;B!W:&EC:!W87



3
N


C`Q
B!W87
@
M)#(N-B!M:6QL:6]N+!W:&EC:!W87
@8F%S960@=7!O;B!A('-H87)E#0H@

C@L(#(P

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


M
C`Q-!A;F0@36%R8V@F(WA!,#LU+`R
#$S+`T*('1H92!#;VUP96YS871I
M;VX@0V]M;6ET=&5E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&AA=`T,PP

M('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@

#$S(&%N9`T*(#(P

M87


3DL



M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL

#`L(#(P+#$R


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@


3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'




]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@




M;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@

M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)



M=&5R;6EN960@:6X@86-C;W)D86YC92!W:71H(&YE9V]T:6%T960@9F]R;75L
M87




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



@=7-E9!I;B!T:&4-B!C86QC
M=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!I='

@;V8@1&5C96UB
M97(F(WA!
2!T86)L97,@:6X@,C`Q-P-B!W:&EC
M:!R969L96-T('1H92!I;F-R96%S92!I;B!L;VYG979I='D@:6X@=&AE(%4N










@=V5R90T*(&UA

#$S+B!87-E9!U

L('1H92!#;VUP







T0R/CQI/D-H86YG97
@:6X-



M15(M0T]


T0X
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\

T1B;W1T;VT^





M;'-P86X]

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M.#`L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$R
M


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$Q+#8P
SPO



@3F5W(%)O

3(L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0Y+#4P



M5&EM97

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^0F5N969I='





T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH-#
L-#DY



M.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-RPR
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-








M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9`T*(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@86YD(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F
M:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G

C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F
M(WA!,#LR.2P@,C`Q,RX@5&AE(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D#0H@8F5N969I=!O8FQI







CX\:3Y#:&%N9V4@:6X-


M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3



T0Q
#`E(&%L

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!72414




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
P+#0Y
SPO9F]N=#X\



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@W+#@P

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@T
RPT.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C(Q

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXR

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%

4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M
T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@5&AO=7-A;F1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H


3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

T1T


@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C(P
PX,C0\+V9O;G0^/]T

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/DYE=!F=6YD960-B!S=&%T=7
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




@3F5W


7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M




T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L






M:7IE/3-$

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G




M

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
M





M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9V(H


3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3PO9F]N

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R
M-2PT-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!

'!X)SX-

'!X.R!7241/
M5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P

4@86QI9VX],T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO




63H@)U1I;65S($YE


3XF
M(WA!


M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!




M.B!R9V(H


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ
#4\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
2PV
#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q
RPW-S4\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT










M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
3(L



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E)E8V]G;FEZ

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C
L



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR+#@R
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M



M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



3

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*

#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[
M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0



T0Y
B4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#,E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T




M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T



B!A

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M

F4],T0R/E!R;VIE
M8W1E9!B96YE9FET#0H@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!A=!T:&4@;65A<W5R96UE;G0@
M9&%T93H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^



T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





@3F5W(%)O

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*





M5&EM97

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






3XF(WA!


M


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


1494
M.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E=E:6=H=&5D


T1B

M;&4]

M


M



M/3-$


M9VX]



M:7IE/3-$



F5M.R!4



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M5&EM97

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





#L@5TA)



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E4


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B




3L@3$545$52+5-0





M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@Y)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\




M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY!;G1I

@9F]R






M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M5#H@

T0G1D].

CXR

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M34E


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`R
M
`F(W@R,#$T.PT*(#(P,C0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A


@3F5W

S

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



M;&QI;VX@=&\@)#$P(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@



'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U






T0V-24^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT









M+49!34E




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/E=E:6=H=&5D/&)R

M

3X\
$$P.SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^








M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M


CY5+E


\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXT



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97







M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






M8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$U

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O




@3F5W(%)O


M34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q






M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]




M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXQ
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXW+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/B4F(WA!



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





L(&EN=&5R;F%T
M:6]N86P@97%U:71I97


C`Q.3L@=&%R9V5T



M8W5R:71I97
$$P.SQF;VYT('-T

M)3PO9F]N=#XF(WA!

M:71I97
@86YD(#$P)2`M(#4P)2!I;B!D96)T('-E8W5R:71I97
N(%1H92!#


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!

'!X)SX-



M8V5S('-U8V@@87

C([+B!5+E

C([(&EN9&5X+@T*($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@97%U
M:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
@:6YC;'5D92!C;VUP86YI97
@9G)O;2!D979E;&]P
M960-B!M87)K971S(&]U='-I9&4@;V8@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97
N($1E

C@L(#(P
30@87)E

M;F%L(&)O;F0@9G5N9'


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M

T0G1D].

CY4:&4@=V5I


#$T
M(&%N9`T*(#(P
3
N(%1H:7









M;6EU;7


@3F5W(%)O






T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M8V%L)B-X03`[07-S971S/&)R(\^#0H@*$QE=F5L(#$I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M



$$P.TEN<'5T/&)R(\^#0H@*$QE=F5L
M(#(I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
M;G0@<VEZ93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!N;W=R87`]
M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D-O;6UO
M;B]C;VQL96-T:79E('1R=7-T#0H@9G5N9'
H
2D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97

3(W+#
Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M:7IE/3-$






M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXV-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E





M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M;&4]

T1B;W1T;VT^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXV
3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXR
3(L


T0G1D].


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52



M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M



3L@3$545$52




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

T1L969T/CQF;VYT








@87)E


M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE





3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M




M:#H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$




M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@3F5W










3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52






M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY#87-H#0H@97%U:79A;&5N='
H
2D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97


M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M5#H@

T0G1D].

CY#;VUM;VXO


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$R
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


#PO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXV
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
#`L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#-P



T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

M4SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P

M

@3F5W


CY#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE








M;F0@9FEX960@:6YC;VUE(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@=F5H:6-L97
@=&AA=`T*(&%R


@;V8@
#L@5TA)


6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


M

M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU4

2AK*2!3879I;F=S


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-H86YG960@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y
M.W


M=&-H:6YG(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


C`Q.3MS







3D[(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@9F]R('1H92!Y


#$R(&EN




M=&EO;G
@86X@861D:71I;VYA;`Q+C4E+!F;W(@82!T;W1A;`T*(&]F(#4E

#$T+B!87-E9!O;B!T




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4






@3F5W(%)O







T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




M9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@96YD:6YG#0H@8F%L86YC97
@;V8@=&AE(&)E;F5F:70@

M)B-X





T0X
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$

T1B






T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M




M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1T


@


T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T


@

\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXY+#
R
SPO



@3F5W(%)O


M5#H@

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@S+#8Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXW
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L





T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M



M

CXD

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





@3F5W

RPP-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@

3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M




M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^

M


M


T0Q/CQB

M


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@


T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T





M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
BPY.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@V-2PQ-3@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


T1B;W1T;VT^

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


63H@)U1I

T0R/E1H90T*(&-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

Z(#$[


'!X

'!X.R!7
M241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S8E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D




63H@)U1I;65S


M
3XF(WA!


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!




M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+#
S.3PO

M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M;F5F:70@8V]S=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-2PT.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXU+#DS
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4L
#8S

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M(%=)1$]74SH@

'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M(')G8B@P+#`L




M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@


T0G1D].

3X\8CXR
#$R
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;G0@9&%T93H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*





M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C0N
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

3PO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C0N.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M+C`E(&EN(#(P

@-RXU)0T*





C`Q
B!W87
@.XU)0T*(&=R861E9!D;W=N('1O(&%N('5L=&EM


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.


CY!(#$E(&EN8W)E87-E#0H@





M4BU#3TQ


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#$E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO

T1N;W=R



M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@


M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

C@L(#(P
30\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY397)V




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C4V
SPO9F]N



@3F5W


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#

3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
3)P

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M
T0X.24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\




CX\9F]N

T1T

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1T


@



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



RPX
#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXT+#`Y-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





M/3-$
CXR
#(P)B-X03`[)B-X
C`Q-#LF(WA!
#LR

M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N








M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E1H92!A;6]U;G1S#0H@:6X@86-C=6UU;&%T960@;W1H97(@8V]M

CDL(#(P
3
L('1H92!A8W1I=FET



M3TQ


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M(')G8B@P+#`L



M/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


@3F5W(%)O

;W-S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52


C`Q-#PO8CX\

M

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

RPV


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@Q.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH.2PS
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M






3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-2PV-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPX-#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!



M;&4]


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH-30L
C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*








6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M(&%M;W5N='



M(&-O;7!O;F5N='

34@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$



M;'-P86X]



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


@3F5W

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY4;W1A;#PO8CX\

M

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C
L


M




M86QI9VX]

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



M5&EM97

L



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M*#
L



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M





T0G1D].

CX\:3Y-=6QT


'!X.R!#3TQ/


M.R!7241/5U








@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S(&]F


M86XL('1H90T*('5N9G5N9&5D(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&]F('1H92!P;&%N(&UA
2!T:&4@<F5M86EN:6YG#0H@<&%R=&EC:7!A=&EN9R!E

N($EF('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&-H;V]S97






M97



;V-A


4
[8W)I
M=&EC86PF(W@R


3

M:6PF(WA!


@=&\@=&AE(%!L86X@969F96-T:79E


M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!


M87=S#0H@9G)O;2!I='

M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

@

#$Y.W


M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97

#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA


M.B`G5&EM97




C`Q0SM04$$F(W@R

C`Q

M('!L86XF(W@R
#$Y.W






M3U)$15(M0T]


T0U-B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M

#M:;VYE)B-X
M03`[4W1A='5S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!




M9VX]


M34E

T0Q/CQB/D-O;G1R:6)U


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/E!E;G-I;VX-B!&=6YD/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[


M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


B!A;&EG;CTS

63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q

T0C



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C8U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8T
M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M.B!R9V(H


M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
S$L(#(P
3
L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
3$L
2!W87


M;G



M



M#0H@3&]C86P@3F]S+B`Q-S4F(WA!
#LF86UP.R`U



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

'!X

M92!P;&%N(&EN(#(P
#@N($%S(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!


M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[



XU(&UI;&QI;VXL(0P+C0@;6EL;&EO;B!A;F0@)#`N
M

C`Q
PT*(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T


%]B
6
U
M7S$P.64X860S






]





]







@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET
6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3DN

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[







C`Q.3MS(&]U='-T86YD:6YG($-O;6UO;B!3


#(P
3D[




M(&]F('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O

M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M




M:#H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$






7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97







3X\8CY);@T*($UI;&QI


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W



T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT^

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M:&%L9CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M







T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;F1S(&%N9`T*('!A8VMA9V5S)B-X03`[=&\@;W1H97(@0V]C82U#;VQA(&)O

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E




3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

M:61T:#H@

M;65N='

4
[0T-2)B-X
C`Q1#LI('1O(&)U


XR(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0V-XV
M#0H@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R,#$T+`R
#$S(&%N9`R,#$R+!R97-P96-T:79E

@87)R86YG96UE
M;G0@=V5R92`D-C@N.!M:6QL:6]N+`D-#8N-R!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D,S$N
M,PT*(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q

M96QY+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@0T-2#0H@9&ES=')I8G5T97
@;VYE(&]F('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B-X

@*%1U;2U%(%EU;6UI97
I

M
BXP(&UI;&QI;VXL(0R,RXX(&UI;&QI;VX-B!A;F0@)#(R+C@@;6EL;&EO
M;B!I;B`R
#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M0T-2('1O('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@86YD(&]T:&5R($-O8V$M



#$Y.W

M=!W97)E(0R+CD-B!M:6QL:6]N+`D
XY(&UI;&QI;VXL(&%N9`D
XY
M(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$

30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%N

#$Y.W






2!T:&4@075G

M8F5R)B-X03`[
C0L#0H@




2!S=6(M8F]T=&QI



@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
M
#LR.P-B`R


C`Q-X\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

M






#$T+B!!;'-O






3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





4

@;V8@9F%C:6QI



M
#$Y.W




2!M:6QL:6]N(&%S
M(&]F#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P@,C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
M
#LR.2P@
C`Q


T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@


M
S(@;6EL;&EO;BP-B`D,3,W(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0Q-#$@;6EL;&EO;B!I
M;B`R
#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R

M('1O('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@86YD(&]T:&5R($-O8V$M0V]L


M;R!304

F(W@R
#$Y.W

C`Q
RP@86YD(#(P


@=&AE(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@;V8@

M:6]N+`D,2XV(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0Q+C4@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R


@)#0N
2!M:6QL
M:6]N(&%S(&]F(&)O=&@@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!


M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M(%=)1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4





M;VX@86YD#0H@)#@R+C
@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B`R
#$T+`R,#$S(&%N9`R
#$R
M+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($EN(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N#0H@=VET:!T:&4@0V]M



#$Y.W
@9&5B
M=X@4W5C:!G=6%R86YT964@86UO=6YT960@=&\@)#$P+C$@;6EL;&EO;B!A

C@L(#(P
30N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
M


3@N-!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D

M96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P@,C`Q-!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.2P@
C`Q
M

M



T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L





M:6UP86ER;65N=!I;B`R,#$T+`R



#%#.TA

4
[4U!#)B-X


@;V8@=VAI8V@@2BX@

M;V8@1&ER96-T;W)S(&%N9!#:&EE9@T*($5X96-U=&EV92!/9F9I8V5R(&]F
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY+!A;F0@1&5B;W)A:!(+B!%=F5R:&%R=P@80T*(&1I



M:6YG('5N9&5R('1H:7


RXU(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




4
[0F5A8V]N)B-X
C`Q1#LI#0H@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@




M87


C`N-B!M:6QL


@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-U;65R(%!R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4:&4@;6EN:6UU;0T*(')E;G1A;'
@86YD(&-O;G1I

@;&5A


M+49!34E

05!313H@


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M:#TS1#@U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



M/3-$


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C
N-3PO9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C
N-3PO9F]N=#X\



T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXP+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0N
3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C0N
#PO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M.B!R9V(H


M;G1A;'
@:6X@



M=V5R90T*(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1O(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X


%]B
6
U
M7S$P.64X860S






]



M

C@L(#(P



]


'!X.R!#3TQ/


M.R!7241/5U




#LF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#M.970@4V%L97
@8GD@4')O9'5C=`T*($-A=&5G;W)Y






#L\+W`^

@3F5W(%)O


T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R
M/3-$

MB`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T0Q



M5$]-.B!R9V(H






M3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M3BU
1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E-P



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L
M
3(T+#@P


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$L
#8S+#$U-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$L


M5#H@

T0G1D].

CY3=&EL;`T*





M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T



T1B





M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C$X
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C$U-2PP-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T









T0R


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
S
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]



M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


M9V(H


M5#H@

T0G1D].






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
2PW-#8L


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O

2PV
30L-#


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M









6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97







T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970R.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]
T1T
M:#Y$96



]
M


M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z


T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L






'!X
M.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$

4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-S8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@




63H@)U1I


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

63H@)U1I;65S





M

M.B`G5&EM97

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O

T0Q


7!X('-O;&ED)R!V
M86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@


M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXW+#$T



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C(L

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

M9VX]




S`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RPY.3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L







T1B;W1T


S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ
RPY


M


T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C4L


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXT+#$Y-CPO9F]N



@3F5W

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\




M9W
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

#L\+W`^

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W

30L

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H





@)B-X
C`Q-#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97







M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C$W+#`R
3PO



@

30L
C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ
RPY


63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
2PS-S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXR
2PP


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@





M





T0G0D]21$52





M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M(&]N($-L87-S($(-B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]






M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;FEN9W
@)B-X
C`Q-#L@8F%S:6
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXT+#`V-CPO9F]N=#X\



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


1494.B`T96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


@;F5T#0H@:6YC;VUE

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$



T1B


T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!



M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C(L



1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:PT*('5N9&ES=')I
M8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@)B-X
C`Q-#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@

T0Q/B8C


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$X+#0S



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C

M




M9VX]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP

#L@
M5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/
M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P




T0Q


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



3`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY&:7-C86P-B!996%R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@




M/3-$

M*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T



65M.R!4




M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$











M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

#$T.R!D

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!S:&%R93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O


M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXV+#
V
3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C8L


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1T


@


M;B!3=&]C:R!S:&%R93H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O


F5M.R!4


CY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=V5I



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXW+#$T



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0T/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T

F5M




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^.2PS


63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O


#$T.R!D:6QU=&5D

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!







M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(N.34\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^



W!X(&1O

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXS+C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M
#LF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T




M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(N.30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




T1B;W1T



W!X




M:7IE/3-$



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(N.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/





M;&4]




T1B



M
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/DY/5$53(%1/#0H@5$%3$4\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*

M


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N


M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF










M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


T0G1D].




'!X

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P
M)2!B;W)D97(]



@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLL#0H@


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O


M5#H@


M

@


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




M97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
-



M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@


]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^4FES:W,@86YD(%5N8V5R=&%I;G1I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@


'!X
#L@0T],3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W


M34E


M;'D-B`X.4@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@


@;V8@







@;V8@


M;G1S('=I=&@@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L80T*($-O;7!A;GD@86YD(&]T:&5R(&)E




@8V]U

-

@3F5W


M34E

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A
M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




@=V%S('-O;&0@9F]R(&9U='5R





M;'DL(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS#0H@=&]T86P@8F]T=&QE+V-A

C`Q-#L@86-C




B4@86YD(#@E


C`Q.3MS

30L(#(P
3
@
M86YD#0H@
C`Q



M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE



30@86YD($YO=&4@
M

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



@


N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)O=&@@



M='

M87)E(&%L=6UI;G5M(&-A;G
@86YD('!L87-T:6


M960@87

M;7!A;GD@:7

C`Q.3MS

M97)E(&ES(&YO(&QI;6ET(&]N('1H90T*('!R:6-E(%1H92!#;V-A+4-O;&$@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


63H@)U1I


M97






@:6X@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





#(P
M













M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$




M:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U



@3F5W


M34E

T0R/D-H86YG97
@:6X-



'!X


@3F5W(%)O




M=&@]
T0Q


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*



3`@86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

3X\8CY&:7-C

T1N;W=R87`^



M34E

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@5&AO




M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
3(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
BPP.#8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PY.3$\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@T+#@Y



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@R+#

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@V+#(R
3PO

T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXV
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
L.3



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXR
S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT


T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXH
34L


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-BPQ-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/B@Q+#<X-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]








T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@X
30\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C(U+#$Q-CPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M.B`G5&EM97






@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY!8V-R

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH



@


M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S
3PO9F]N

M



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[

$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@



M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!4

M($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#!P

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL



M.B`G5&EM97




C@L
M#0H@




6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M87





M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0Q



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@3F5W(%)O







B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C(X+#`R


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(X


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C
U+#$T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
S$L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ-2PY

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W
M86




]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]





]



M9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0
M.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



M93TS1#(^/&(^
C0N)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[)B-X03`[4V5G;65N='
\



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


@






@87



M;G0N(%1H:7

M;VUP86YY)B-X



@80T*

C`Q0SM!;&P@3W1H97(F(W@R
M


M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92UW:61T:#H@

C`Q

M97

@87)E87
N#0H@07
@82!R97-U



M.B!R9V(H

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M.R!7241/5U


M92UW:61T:#H@

M0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[


M1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D

M:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H

M34E


M(%EE87(\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M9'


7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@



M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1T;W`^


@3F5W



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97

2PV
3
L




M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H


#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M

M9VX]

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M86QI9VX]

S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T0G0D]2



65M



T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXX


63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXV-BPP.#0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXX
2PS
S
\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXW+#4V
SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#
M;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B




#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B;W1T


#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXU-BPR-C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C8Q+#$S


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C4X+#8W
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8Q



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@







M

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXV.2PV
S4\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-RPR-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXU-RPT

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



M5&EM97

C


M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXX
M-BPS-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$






M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T1B;W1T


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M97

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXS-BPV-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I







M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^*#$P+#8Q


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@Q
BPX
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$L-#
S+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L
M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X



3L@3$54



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C
M-5\Q,#EE.&%D,S$W86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

M='
O4VAE970S
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]

C`Q

]



]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M.B`G5&EM97

C4N)B-X03`[)B-X



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

'!X




#$T(&EN8VQU9&4@=&AE('-A;&5S(&EN('1H92!-



3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B




3L@3$545$52+5-0




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T0P

M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)SXH

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T0R

6QE/3-$)U9%4E1)0T%,+4%,24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3
M251)3TXZ(')E;&%T:79E.R!3U143TTZ(#`N.&5X)SXH


+4%
24=..B!B87-E;&EN93L@4$]3251)3TXZ


M93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/C

M0T%
+4%

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97

S@X+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C0U.2PT-S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T0G


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$R+#$S



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPY.3`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W

2XS


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BXS
CPO



M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXN
C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ+C0Y
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W(%)O




M82U#;VQA($)O='1L:6YG($-O+@T*($-O;G-O;&ED871E9#H\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





M97






@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT^

M


M97


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




@3F5W



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$N
S`\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXN
S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E




M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

3$%0

M=VED=&@]
T0V-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$,B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T

M86X]

T0G

3X\8CY)



M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M9V(H


T0Q/CQB/E%U87)T97(\+V(^
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!

M


T0Q/CQB
M/C$\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P



3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M(#`N.&5X)SXH.DH.2DH,3`I/]S=7`^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXT
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@






M:7IE/3-$
CY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M86QI9VX]


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


M;VX@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@=&\@0V]C82U#;VQA($)O='1L
M:6YG($-O+@T*($-O;G-O;&ED871E9#H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/D-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXN-3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



3
@=V5R90T*(&5X8VQU



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@


63H@)U1I

T0R/E-A;&5S(&%R90T*('-E87-O;F%L




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M;&4]



M:61T:#H@

T0P('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M:7IE/3-$
CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H92!F:7)S=`T*('%U87)T97(@;V8@
M
C`Q-!I;F-L=61E9`D






30@:6YC;'5D960@)#
N
2!M:6QL:6]N(@D
M,2XY(&UI;&QI;VXL(&YE=!O9B!T87@L(&]R#0H@)XR,!P97(@8F%S:6
@

M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U4
M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@,'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@<F=B
M*#`L,PP*3L@1D].5#H@


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M97)S(&]F(#(P
30@:6YC;'5D960@)#0N

M97




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

M(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@T*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

30@:6YC;'5D960@
M)#(N-B!M:6QL:6]N(@D,2XV(&UI;&QI;VXL(&YE=!O9B!T87@L(&]R#0H@
'!A;G-I;VXN/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\+W1A8FQE/@T*

M


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N


M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF



M9B`R
#$T(&EN8VQU9&5D(0U+C(@;6EL;&EO;B`H)#,N,B!M:6QL:6]N+!N


M97AP96YS97

C`Q.3MS(&9R




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0



T0Q


M=7)T:`T*('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q-!I;F-L=61E9`D
2XQ(&UI;&QI;VX@

M:6



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
M
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N


3L@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M



3L@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*(#QT

T1L969T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY.970@:6YC;VUE(&EN('1H92!S
M96-O;F0-B!Q=6%R=&5R(&]F(#(P,3,@:6YC;'5D960@)#$N,2!M:6QL:6]N
M(@D


'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M5U


M:#H@

M
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


2XP(&UI;&QI;VXL(&YE=!O9B!T87@L(&]R
M#0H@)XQ
2!P97(@8F%S:6

M=&5D('1O('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0R/B@Y

M(&]F(#(P
3
@:6YC;'5D960@82`D




M04-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-004-)

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@



M1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q








T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
M

@3F5W





M;B!S:&%R92D@97AP96YS97

M




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-


T0Q




3
@:6YC;'5D960@82`D
M
3(N









3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



M9VX]


]
M
#L@5TA)


M;&4]

M
CX\8CXR-BXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#M3=6)S97%U96YT($5V




CX\:3Y#;VUP;&5T960-
#L@5TA)5$4M
M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4






#LS

3

M9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0



M
T0R/E1H92!#;VUP86YY#0H@:&%S('!R96QI;6EN87)I;'D@86QL;V-A=&5D


M86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:7



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M1$]74SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS


M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-24^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY&86ER)B-X03`[5F%L=64\+V(^/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4Y

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!








M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0S
M




T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY/=&AE
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ-RPW-3`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(X+#
T


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L






65M.R!4


CY#=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0Q/B8C


M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]2



@3F5W


M34E

T0R/E1H92!F86ER#0H@

M871I;VX@=&\@=&AE#0H@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S
M(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L


3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0X
M
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]


@


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




#M
:69E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXQ-RPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^0W5S=&]M97(@;&ES='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

Z


M





M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@87






M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M(&EN#0H@3&]U:7-V:6QL92P@2V5N='5C:WD@86YD($5V86YS=FEL;&4L($EN
M9&EA;F$@*'1H92`F(W@R

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!W:71H($-#4@T*(&%T('1H92!C
M;&]S:6YG(&]F('1H:7


#LR-RP@
C`Q-2P@9W)A;G0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



M;VUP86YY('=I=&@@=&AE(%-E8W5R:71I97



#M4:&4@86UO=6YT


M4U!!0TE.1SH@



M.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


@


M.B!R9V(H
















4
[345#(%!R;V1U8W1S)B-X

M97)S(&]F#0H@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS('!R;V1U


@;V8@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP

4
[345#(%!R;V1U8W1S($-O;G-E;G0-B!!9W)E96UE;G0F
M(W@R,#%$.RD@=VET:!4:&4@0V]C82U#;VQA($-O;7!A;GD@*&%C=&EN9R!T



@87)E




M871E('1H870@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5G:6YS#0H@9&ES=')I8G5T:6YG($U%

C4@;6EL;&EO
M;B!A;F0@)#
P(&UI;&QI;VXL('=H96X@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5G:6YS(&1I





M;W0@8F5E;B!M861E#0H@87
@;V8@=&AE(&1A=&4@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@
M9FEL:6YG('1H:7
@1F]R;2`Q

M.B!R9V(H

M;&4]

M
CX\:3Y!;FYO=6YC960-B!=70@56YC;VUP;&5T960@17AP86YS:6]N(%1E



M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M92UW:61T:#H@



M861U8V%H#0H@86YD(%!I:V5V:6QL92P@2V5N='5C:WD@*'1H92`F(W@R
#%#




@:6X@=&AE(%!A9'5C86@@86YD(%!I:V5V




$$P.S$X+`R



34N

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

63H@)U1I






M


M
#$Y.W


C`Q0SM
97AI;F=T;VX@17AP

40[*2P@:6YC;'5D:6YG('1H90T*(')I

97AI;F=T







@



C`Q0SM314
F(W@R

#$U+CPO9F]N=#X\


T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970S-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M


M1#$^

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^



]


]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@



M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[


'!X

63H@

T0R/CQB/D-/0T$M0T]

M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M5D%

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.
M1$5.5#H@


M97


M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\8CY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C


Z(#$[($U!

'!X)SX-

'!X.R!7241/
M5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`P



M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T





M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



2PT
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXQ+#0Y
#PO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\





T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T








M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(T
#PO



@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

2PT.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




M




T1B;W1T



W!X
6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU3U14


M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M




M:#H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$






M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY&
M:7-C86PF(WA!
#M996%R/&)R(\^#0H@16YD960\8G(@+SX-B!$96
N)B-X
M03`[
C@L)B-X03`[
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY&:7-C86PF(WA!
M
#M996%R/&)R(\^#0H@16YD960\8G(@+SX-B!$96
N)B-X03`[
CDL)B-X
M03`[
C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

3X\8CY&:7-C86PF(WA!
#M996%R/&)R
M(\^#0H@16YD960\8G(@+SX-B!$96
N)B-X03`[
S`L)B-X03`[
C`Q
CPO
M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M;W(]









3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PT-C0\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
2PU
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]




M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M


M97

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXS
34\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M


M



M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



@3F5W(%)O


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@#0H@#0H@

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q
M8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970S-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]
T1T:#Y$96

M4&]L:6-I97






#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO
M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)


-B!O9B!4:&4@0V]C82U#;VQA($-O;7!A
M;GDN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&]P97)A=&5S('!R:6YC:7!A;&QY(&EN('1H90T*
M('-O=71H96%S=&5R;B!R96=I;VX@;V8@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


@;6%J

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M4SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L













@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(#(P

40[*2P@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR
M.2P@
C`Q
PT*(@F(W@R,#%#.S(P,3,F(W@R,#%$.RD@86YD($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B-X03`[,S`L(#(P,3(-B`H)B-X
C`Q0SLR
#$R)B-X
C`Q1#LI+B!4:&4@







#$T+`D
M-XT(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@
C`Q
R!A;F0@)#0N
B!M:6QL:6]N(&EN(#(P
3(@





M:6QY(')E;&%T960@=&\-B!0:65D;6]N=!T;W1A;&5D(0W,RXS(&UI;&QI
M;VXL(0V.XV(&UI;&QI;VX@86YD(0V-XR(&UI;&QI;VX@870-B!$96-E

CDL(#(P
M
3
@86YD#0H@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LS

M86YY)B-X
#L@5TA)
M5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z(#9P




M86QE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*

M
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0

M13H@



@:7
@;6EN:6UA;X\+W`^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^



M4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97







M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W

-B!A;B!A;&QO=V%N
M8V4@9F]R('!O=&5N=&EA;!L;W-S97
@;W(@861J=7-T;65N='

M9'5E('1R861E#0H@86-C;W5N='


M8V4@9F]R($1O=6)T9G5L($%C8V]U;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W

M1&]U8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='

M86-T;W)S+B!);B!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S('=H97)E('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GD@

C`Q.3MS(&EN86)I;&ET


@=&AE(')E



M)B-X




M($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W


M96-O;F]M:6
&ES=`T*(&EN







M
T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97




L
M('!L87-T:6



M9VX]

]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@



3!P=#L@









C`Q0SM3+$0F86UP.T$F(W@R
#%$.RD@97AP96YS97
N

@=&AE(')E

@;W(@






M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@


@:7






M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H



M:7IE/3-$


T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M-G!X.R!

M;&4]

M


M=&%G92X@0V]S='
L('-U8V@@87
@;6%I;G1E;F%N8V4@86YD#0H@=')A:6YI




]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#


1494.B`S
7!X.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
M
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X





6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-



@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$

@:6YV97-T;65N='






M9V(H



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#



M:61T:#H@

M1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

T0Q/B8C

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@




M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@





T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
M



3$%04T4Z(&-O;&QA


T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE









T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#



M;7!A:7)E9P@86YD('1H90T*('-E8V]N9!S=&5P(&]F('1H92!I;7!A:7)M











#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[
M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`T)3L@+7=E8FMI

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1H92!#



M87-O;F%B;&5N97-S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS(&EN=&5R;F%L


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z


7-I<R!T:&%T



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H
M97(@261E;G1I9FEA8FQE($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@4F5L871E
M9!#;VYT:6YG96YT($-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@3&EA8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@


M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M24XM3$5&5#H@

G!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&D^06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@4F5L871E9!#;VYT:6YG96YT($-O;G-I9&5R871I
M;VX-B!

M.B!R9V(H








@





M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W


M34E


@9G5T=7)E


M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!C;VYT:6YG96YT


C`Q0SM/







M97

M='





C`Q.3L@

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M;W5N='





M13H@

3!P=#L@
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T
M)SX-B!);F-O;64@=&%X97




M('=E;&P@87
@9&EF9F5R96YC97
@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L#0H@







M)TU!4D=)3BU3U143TTZ(#!P=#L@1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q




M96YE9FET('1H870L(&EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS#0H@:G5D9VUE
M;G0L(&ES(&=R96%T97(@=&AA;B`U

M(&EN(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92X\+W`^#0H@/]D:78^/'-P86X^/]S

#L@5TA)5$4M





@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.










M97






@


M+49!34E

T0R/E)E=F5N=65S

@;W(@;W1H97(@=&%X97
@8V]L;&5C

]
M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#





M;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X




M97





M9'5C='

@

@



6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@

C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q




M4TE:13H@




@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE



3!P



@;V8@=&AE('9E;F1O





M960@87


]





M




63H@)U1I











3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CX\:3Y#;VUM;V1I='D-B!(961G97,\+VD^/]F

M;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X




M;VUE(&]R(&%L;!O9B!T:&4-B!#;VUP86YY)B-X
C`Q.3MS('!R;VIE8W1E

M97



]






3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!T)SX-B!4:&4@0V]M


@=&\@;6%N

F(W@R
#$Y.R!C;VUP96YS871I;VXL(&%U=&\@


L#0H@
M9&5D=6-T:6)L97





'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!-

@:6YC;'5D97
@=&AE






]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@





M=71I;VX@8V]S='


@9&ES=')I8G5T:6]N(&-E





















M





@9&ES


M)#(Q
2XV(&UI;&QI;VXL(0R,#$N,!M:6QL:6]N(&%N9`D,C`P+C`@;6EL
M;&EO;B!I;B`R,#$T+`R
#$S(&%N9`T*(#(P









@;6EL;&EO;@T*(&%N9`D
M-RXP(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@,C`Q-P@
C`Q
R!A;F0@
C`Q



M
#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO



T0R/CQB



'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S


M('1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@0VAA:7)M86X@;V8@=&AE($)O87)D


4
[56YI='
F(W@R
#%$.RDN($5A8V@@56YI=!R97!R97-E;G1S('1H
M92!R:6=H=!T;R!R96-E:79E#0H@;VYE('-H87)E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY
M)B-X



#`@;75L=&EP;&EE

C`Q.3MS


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L






@87)E(&%P


M86-H(#0P+#`P










M87-H('-U8V@@;G5M8F5R#0H@;V8@=6YI='


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=&\@;65E=!T:&4-B!M87AI;75M





#$Y.W

M8V4@870@=&AE#0H@96YD(&]F(&5A8V@@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!P97)I;V0L('5N





3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@,'!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@
M;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M


M


M9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$




@;V8@8V]M;6]N#0H@

M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M




T1T;W`@86QI9VX]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M26YC;VUE(&9R;VT@8V]N=&EN=6EN9PT*(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M='5A;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@9&EV:61E;F1S('1H870@;75S=!B92!P86ED(&9O


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE('-T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52

T0Q
#`E
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`@
M=VED=&@]


CXH8BD\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M






M3TY4+49!34E

05!3




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
M

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$
M-24@86QI9VX]

M5&EM97


T0G

CY4:&4@
M=&]T86P@96%R;FEN9W




M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@




T0X)3X\9F]N


M92`H)B-X
C`Q0SM%4%
F(W@R


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@*&DN92XL('1H









3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED

M

@;VX@0V]M
M;6]N(%-T;V-K('=I=&AO=70@9&5C;&%R:6YG#0H@97%U86P@;W(@86YY(&1I

@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLN($YO='=I=&AS
M=&%N9&EN9PT*('1H:7

M:R!H87




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L








@

@;V8@=&AE($-O




@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/
M4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M/3-$

@0@T*($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:R!C;VYV97)S:6]N(')I




@870@86YY('1I;64@870@=&AE(&]P=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E4



@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLF(W@R
#$Y.W


@
M9&5T97)M:6YE9!T:&%T('5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W,-B!S:&]U

@



T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@



M:#H@





M1#(^0F%S:6
@15!3#0H@97AC;'5D97

M97






M;F-E;65N='

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C`Q
RP@=&AE($9I;F%N


#LQ-2P@
C`Q
RX@


M



\+W1D

M.B!R9V(H

M;&4]

M






@86YD('-I
6QE/3-$)TU!

M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

M5U





M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/DEN($9E8G)U87)Y#0H@
C`Q-2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D

C`Q-2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@
M:7

@;V8@979A;'5A=&EN9R!T:&4@:6UP86-T(&]F





T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q
M-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E
M93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\














T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-



T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M




M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4



M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




@3F5W



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C
S



M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D]T


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CY';V]D=VEL;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


1494.B`Q96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXR-2PR.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



7!X
M)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




M


M97

M;BD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T0Q







M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L(&%S


M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


'!X


M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M


M:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^

T1N;W=R87`^



M34E

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@5&AO






M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*
M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4



M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C




M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B
M;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O

]

]
T1T97AT

]

@

@87
@;V8@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@1&%T


M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D[($9/3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@,'!X.R!,151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K:70M=&5X=US=')O:V4M=VED=&@Z


@87
@;V8@=&AE


#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0U)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D

M+#`L

M

3X\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF






M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T;W`^


@3F5W

M;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M






T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M.B`G5&EM97

2PQ

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
RPS.#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



M97


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT^

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT






T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M8FEL:71I97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP




M#0H@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I



]

\

M3$]2.B!R9V(H

M


M15(M0T]


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P
M,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B




M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^
M#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C0P+#0P


]




M871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/@T*(#QP

'!X


M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U


M86QU97


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q



T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0U)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



3X\8CY);@T*(%1H

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M0V%S:#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE





@3F5W

2PR


M3TY4+49!34E



T0C





M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M-#


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


#PO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(^





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

C@L



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[

T1B


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

F4],T0R/C$S+#<R.3PO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N



\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O






M9VX]



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/E1H92!F86ER#0H@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('!R96QI;6EN87)Y

M8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&ES(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M13H@


T0X
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


@3F5W


M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



#M
:69E/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXQ-RPR
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^0W5S=&]M97(@;&ES='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E








3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!




'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
M

T0G5TA)


M(')G8B@P+#`L

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($Q%
M5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R
M-34L


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\









M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE
M.&%D
S$W86




]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1R


M=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV

T0X-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$,R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CY$96

3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

F4],T0R/D9I;FES:&5D
M#0H@<')O9'5C=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C
U+#
V
#PO9F]N=#X\



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$P+#$S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^.2PQ


63H@


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$W+#4P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D

]


M8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

T0G=&5X




M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M97


]

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@







M.B`Q


]

T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\

M8B@P+#`L

M;&4]

M

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/33H@





M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E
M8RX@



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L

\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$R+#
P-SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
C`L-3
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXQ
3
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97









M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



T1B;W1T

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




@




M:7IE/3-$


T0Q


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C0M




63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C0U+#8R



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C
T-2PS.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2







M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CY
96%S
M96AO;&0@86YD(&QA;F0-B!I;7!R;W9E;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO


M.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW
RPW-#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$







M5&EM97

RTQ





M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO
M='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T


@


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

#L@0T],3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D[($9/3E0Z
M(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


M4$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R-34L
C4U





@3F5W



M86P[($)!0TM'4D]53D0M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@R-34L
C4U+#(U-2D[(%1%6%0M


3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

C4U

M:#H@
'!X)R!V86QI9VX]




M9&EU;2`G5&EM97





M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

@




M4U!!0TE.1SH@




M=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



96%S97
@6T%B


96%S97
\+W1D

T0W
B4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
M




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CY$96

M(#(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97






T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



CY
97-S.B!!8V-U;75L871E9`T*(&%M;W)T
M:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C0U+#DP.#PO

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@





M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L




3U(Z(')G8B@P
M+#`L



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E










M5&EM97

M9!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2




M


'!X.R!#


M86XG.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3



T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P
M7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES



]
T1T



]

@1&ES8VQO


]

]
T1T97AT/CQT86)L

M=VED=&@]
T0X
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H
M/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M9'


7!X('-O
M;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY$96

30\+V(^/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF




M3$5&5#H@

T0G




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C4R
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$P-BPR
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/E1O=&%L(&9R86YC:&ES92!R
M:6=H='
-B!A;F0@9V]O9'=I;&P\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C8R-BPX.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXV
C(L

T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]
T1T97AT

T0W
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]


@

#$T
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M


T0Q/CQB


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M+#





M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



M.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXV


M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


@3F5W


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-2PQ.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

T1B

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.




M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@



@3F5W(%)O


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?
M-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

N:'1M








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0Q
M





M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M






M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CY$96

3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^
F4],T0R/D%C8W)U960@;6%R:V5T
M:6YG#0H@8V]S=',\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$V+#$T


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$S+#8Q
SPO9F]N=#X\



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(Q+#`U-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
C$L
3



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D%C8W)U960@=&%X
M97



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(L-#
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$








M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$W+#8T
M


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY#:&5C:W



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]


CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ
2PR


63H@



T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY!


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


CPO9F]N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

]


]
T1P



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@]



T0Q

M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]



M;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@


M97



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$
M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


#$S/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\


T1B




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C`L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M9F]N=#X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXR


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C4N
#`E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


F4],T0R/C$V-PW-3<\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C(P


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^-RXP

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY396UI+6%N;G5A;&QY/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY5;F%M;W)T:7IE9!D:7-C;W5N=!O




M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@







M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT





M.B`G5&EM97

SDX+#4V-CPO9F]N=#X\



M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M



T0G0D]21$52+51/





T1T;W`^4')I;F-I

@;V8@1&5B=!/=71S=&%N9&EN9SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`Q
G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L





C@L(#(P
M



3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$



T0Y
B4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$







1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(P
34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ-C0L-S4W


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(P

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M


CXR

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T1T;W`^#0H@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ

@3F5W(%)O

C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@




M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M9#XF(WA!

]
M



M-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M;G1E;G0]


M





#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

]


]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

#$T+`R
M,#$S(&%N9`R

M92!O9@T*('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B-X








T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R
M9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!



M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97







3X\8CY);@T*(%1H;W5S86YD

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@








M(')G8B@P+#`L

T1T;W`^


@3F5W




\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@U
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!



M;&4]



7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-




F5M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




M

CXD

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W




M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H







M86P@26YS=')U;65N='



]








'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


M(&9O;&QO=W



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M





M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^
M#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C`E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@



M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E
M8RX@
C@L#0H@
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1N;W=R



M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@


M+49!34E




M
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M

3X\
M8CY&86ER/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/E9A;'5E
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CY686QU93PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M
CXH


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH-S$L




M.B`G5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/B@R-2PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$X+#4X



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


#DX


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-RPP.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E




M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXH



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M+#4X

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@Q-RPP.3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



M:7IE/3-$



M(&%N9!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!R96QA=&5D#0H@8V]N=&EN9V5N=!C;VYS:61E

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@




M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S
M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@
CDL#0H@
C`Q



M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



M:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M5$]-.B!R9V(H

M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/DQE
M=F5L)B-X03`[
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T



M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

M9VX]


M34E




M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO


M.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97




MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@





T0R



M3$]2.B!R9V(H


M.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S


T0Q
#`E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S






M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M97


M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

M=&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/C0V+#@U
#PO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?
M-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S







]


]
T1P







4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT
M97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$.#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G0D]21$52


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H




M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@
M

M


M97

@9F]R(&5X96-U=&EV

\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


M871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^

T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


M


M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


C4P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]
M


]


]

]
T1P



M;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)

M96%S97
@86YD(&YO;F-A;F-E;&QA8FQE(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S97
@87
@
M;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(WA!
#LR.P-B`R
#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.
M1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M




M:#H@

T0P('=I9'1H
M/3-$


M9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M






T0Q/CQB




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY4
M;W1A;#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M(&)G8V]L;W(]


T0G


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ-BPT-#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E





T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ
PS,C,\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ-BPR


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ
PR.3(\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C4L


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ-2PS
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0L

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
C`Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

#D\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M



#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-




\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2



65M


CY
97-S.B!!;6]U;G1S



M




M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY0

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXU.2PP


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G



M9V(H


M9V(H


#LF(WA!
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A;!L96%S97,\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C4R+#8P-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@

M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

%]B
6
U7S$P
M.64X860S






]

T1)1#!%


3(@36]N=&AS

C@L(#(P



]

]
T1P


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%2
M1TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.



M)R!S:7IE/3-$

@=&AE
M('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&-O;7!O;F5N='

MB!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@9F]R(#(P,30L(#(P,3,@86YD(#(P,3(N/]F;VYT



M($)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


151415(M4U!!
M0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G


M9VX]





T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


T0G


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3@L.3


T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXS+#(R
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
2PX.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M-2PS
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR
BPQ-3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T



M=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^


M9VX]

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M


F5M.R!4


CY3=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^

T0Q


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@R+#



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T






T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@






65M.R!415A4

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CY);F-O;64@=&%X#0H@97AP96YS
M93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3DL
M-3


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C$L.#@Y

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


M9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL93TS

T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC:6QI871I


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



05!313H@8V]L;&%P

M5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@



M)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^






M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M



3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY3=&%T92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
L(&YE
M=`T*(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C(L

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/DYO;F-O;G1R;VQL:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T#0H@)B-X
C`Q-#L@4&EE9&UO
M;G0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY!




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH




M.B`G5&EM97


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@R+#(V
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ+#(P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4







M:7IE/3-$




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R

M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@Q+#0W



M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@Q+#DY-3PO9F]N

M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@Q+#
S

M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

@86YD#0H@96YT
M97)T86EN;65N=#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/D]T:&5R+!N970\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO


M.B`G5&EM97

T.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@U
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M;&4]

M

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3(L


T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M


#L\


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\



M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


M4D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M*#`L

Z


M

'!X
M.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$

4@86QI
M9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-SDE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@




63H@)U1I


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!


M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^




M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF





M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



T1T;W`^


@3F5W

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4






M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97






M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97


7!X)SX-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M


M




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@




6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



@=&AA

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0W.4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B


T1B;W1T



T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$R
BPV
#@\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



Q


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT
BPR


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


65M.R!4



M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\




M3TY4+49!34E



T0C

M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C0L
C

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT+#
U








M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M('!R96UI=6T\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q






M5#H@

T0G1D].


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T0G1D].

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M


M


#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(W.2PT.38\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@T
M
BPY.3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@R-BPW.#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CY096YS:6]N#0H@*&YO;G5N:6]N*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M


M97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



CXH
3

M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#





M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXH
M-BPR
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


\+V9O;G0^
M/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M.B`G5&EM97






CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXH
RPT-S(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI


T0G0D]21$52+51/



M


M97






T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


T0G


MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q







M




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@T+#$W
3PO9F]N=#X\

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

D@,7!X
M('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ-3
L


T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T







T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA
M9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V
M7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





]

]



]




M1SH@







M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'


4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\
M='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO


T1B;W1T

3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1V%I;G

M;&4]

M


3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

MB!);F-O;64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY$96
N#0H@
CDL/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@
M+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M169F96-T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

3XF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

63H@)U1I

T0Q/CQB/D5F9F5C=#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CY$96
N#0H@
C@L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B@T
RPP
C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M



63H@)U1I




M
T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N






M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B@V-S
\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T



M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH



@




M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

RPU.3@\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXX+#8X


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

L

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M5&EM97

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXW+#@Q


65M.R!4






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\


T1B


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T





T0R/BDF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`L.3






M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E





M92UW:61T:#H@

T0P
M('=I9'1H/3-$

T0P/@T*(#QT

M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$



3XF(WA!



M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CY'


3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M86X]

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





3X\8CY);@T*(%1H;W5S

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





@3F5W(%)O

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M;CTS1#(@86QI9VX]



63H@

T0Q/CQB/D%C=&EV:71Y/]B/CPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

M


#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H@/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

3X\8CY%
M9F9E8W0\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N

@3F5W(%)O



M(')G8B@P+#`L



M97


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]2


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^



M;&4]

M

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXS.2PS


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXH
34L



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C$U+#`T



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@U


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]





M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M5&EM97

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C8V


T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^*#$R


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



@86-T:79I

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C



CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXH
2PS-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@

T0R/BDF(WA!




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C0L
S



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G



T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
2PU
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E





T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


T1B;W1T



#L\+W1D/@T*

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@




T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/B@Q-BPT.3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!




@3F5W(%)O


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


63H@)U1I

T0R/BDF(WA!



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M(%=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM5$]0.B`P




T0Q




PP+#`I.R!&3TY4.B`Q,G!X(=4




M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU3

4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
M,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#DE/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T
M:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@


M

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#$^/&(^1V%I;G



M:7IE/3-$


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G





M93TS1#$^/&(^=&\-B!);F-O;64\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T



3XF(WA!



7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M1#(@86QI9VX]


3X\8CY*86XN#0H@
2P\+V(^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H




M

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI
M9VX]

T1C96YT97(^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4




@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH



T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M(&)G8V]L;W(]

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@T-#PO9F]N=#X\

T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N






M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/B@S
SPO9F]N=#X\


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR+#



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

#PO

M9VX]
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B@R
BPT
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O


M



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXI)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXH

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X


T1B




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


M.B!R9V(H




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXH
C8L
C8W

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$P+#


T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C




M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!



W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M


#L\


M9#XF(WA!


3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

]

;W-S*2!O;B!);F-O;64@4W1A=&5M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@

M4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[


#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[
M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU43U`Z


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%



M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



T1N;W=R



M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@





M


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CY.970F(WA!


M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





65M


CX\=3XR

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!








T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@/'`@




M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+#4U.3PO

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.



CY);F-O;64@=&%X#0H@97AP96YS93PO9F]N
M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C
P


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


7!X('-O;&ED
M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

T1B;W1T


T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT


M(WA!


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT





T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$T+#DW


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L





M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

1494
M.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/E-U8G1O=&%L







M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$L-#
P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXQ-BPT.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;W(]



M5&EM97



M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M



7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O


M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R



$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N












M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M



@3F5W(%)O




T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXR+#@S.3PO



@

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M


65M.R!4


CY);F-O;64@=&%X#0H@97AP
M96YS93PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP



T0G0D]21$52



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


M

CXD

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

M86QI9VX]


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\<!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H,PP

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M


'0O:'1M;#L@


]

3(@36]N=&AS

C@L(#(P


@:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E

M251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL


@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@34%21TE.+4Q%
M1E0Z(#

3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!73U)$+5-0

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M97



M9STS1#`@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!W:61T:#TS1#@R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M,T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]





B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E;G1E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
F4],T0R/E!R;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S


63H@





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$




M





M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M


T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97





@3F5W



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C(W.2PV-CD\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
C8L



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL


T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN
M(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4






M3TQ


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^



3X\8CY);@T*(%1H

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M5$]-.B!R9V(H


M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXR

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$





M






@



T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
3`L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXW+#(W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M
CY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S#0H@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\+V1I


]
T1T

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!7
M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M

'!X)SX-B`\9F]N=!S


'!X.R!#


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M
T0Q

M9!W:61T:#TS1#@P)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@]
T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0R)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


7!X('-O


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!A;&EG;CTS1&-E

63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(')G8B@P+#`L



M4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4


M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXR



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M9V(H


M9V(H


M5#H@

T0G1D].

CY.970@9G5N

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B@R-2PT-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!



M9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\

]



M;F-E(%-H965T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV

M1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@;65D:75M(=4:6UE









T0X
B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\


M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CY$96
N#0H@
C@L/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\8G(@+SX-B`\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W




65M


CY#=7)R96YT#0H@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M





M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


F5D/]F;VYT/CPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


]
M


M4T9/4DTZ(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@

M

Z




M9V(H


3$%04T4Z(&-O


M
T0W
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M5&EM97

M8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I




T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M;&4]












M)R!S:7IE/3-$

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$Q+#8P
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^
3(L

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXQ


M

M8V]L;W(]

\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXH


T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPP
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E






M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W


T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



RPP





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[


T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




T1T;W`^


@3F5W





T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97



T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
RPT


M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#DS
SPO9F]N


M


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T1B





63H@)U1I;65S



M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M

M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1N



T0G

3X\8CY3


T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C`Q
M-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E!R

M;G0@9&%T93H\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*





M)R!S:7IE/3-$




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!


T0G34%21TE.+4Q%

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/DXO03PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T

M

CY.


63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T1B

T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97

M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4N

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/C4N
3@\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M


63H@)U1I;65S($YE


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]









T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



M87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/DXO03PO9F]N



M9RU497)M(%)A=&4@;V8@4F5T=7)N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)3BU4


M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H


M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0V-24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M



M5&EM97





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M#0H@1FES8V%L(%EE87(M/&)R(\^#0H@16YD/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*






M


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



CX\9F]N






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!



T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C





M:7IE/3-$
CY5+E

M8W5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXT

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^



M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXE
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97

M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2





M.B`G5&EM97



M
T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M




@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F
M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\




T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXQ
#`\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N






M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXW+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B4F
M(WA!



M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^


@365A

\+W1D/@T*

M9V(H




M*3L@1D].5#H@

M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M3U=3.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0W)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W



M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
3X\8CY1=6]T960F(WA!

F(WA!

$$P




M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]


M5&EM97

3XF
M(WA!



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\




M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

3(W+#
Q
3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C$R-RPS
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



T0C


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXR
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4
M.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



T0Q/B8C

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
F4],T0R/D-O;6UO;B]C;VQL96-T:79E('1R=7-T#0H@
M9G5N9',H,2D\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\



M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY4
M;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L


#LF(WA!
M

#L\+W`^

M)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L



M1SH@







M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





@3F5W(%)O






T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@
M86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0Q/B8C

M(&-O;'-P86X]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M=&5D)B-X03`[4')I8V5S)B-X03`[:6X\8G(@+SX-B!!8W1I=F4F(WA!,#M-
M87)K970F(WA!,#MF;W(\8G(@+SX-B!)9&5N=&EC86PF(WA!

\
M8G(@+SX-B`H3&5V96P@,2D\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M.B!R9V(H




M(')G8B@P+#`L

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT('-T




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R




@



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$Y-CPO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M3$5&5#H@

T0G



M9VX]

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF
M(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

M

M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97



M

CXF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ
M
C`L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ
C`L


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


1494.B`R96T[
M(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D-O;6UO;B]C;VQL96-T
M:79E('1R=7-T#0H@9G5N9'
H
BD\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!





M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP







M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]


M



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@



W!X(&1O=6)L





#L\

@3F5W


T0P(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





M4U!!0TE.1SH@

PP*3L@1D].5#H@,W!X(=4




M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU3

4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
M

@3F5W



M=7)E;65N=!D871E+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-

]


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N

T0X-B4^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
24^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!




P
#`P
M
#`@

M
#LF(WA!

#`P
M

T0R(&%L
M:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

T0G1D].
M5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B
M9V-O;&]R/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/@T*(#QP('-T



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XV-RPX-#`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

M:'0^
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

2PV
C8\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!B9V-O

M;VUA;CL@34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/@T*


M(WA!

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XR+#@W-SPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X



M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



3D[
M(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M=#XU.#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-



\

M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XH



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

L-C@U/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XH,RPV,3$\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T

#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R


M86X[($U!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*

M
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]21$52
M+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

M(#QT9#XF(WA!

P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-


M8V]L;W(]

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]P/@T*(#PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS

3PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R
M87`]
T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XD/]T9#X-B`\

#LF
M(WA!

M
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X(&1O

M

T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`@
W!X


T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@






M


M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/C`\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A

'!T.R!&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


'!T.R!&3TY4+49!
M34E

1494.B`Q96T[(%1%
M6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M


T1B
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D



M


T0G1D].


3D[(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H=#XU.#8\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T


M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@

M4F]M86XG.R!-05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M#0H@0F5N969I='

T1B

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/B@S+#8X-3PO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^*28C

M5&EM97


M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#XS.#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#XQ



T0G0D]21$52




3!P=#L@1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#XP/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B0\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]

M
#LF(WA!

M13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M





T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@




T1T;W`^4F5C;VYC:6QI


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



151415(M
M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET+71E




M



B!A;&EG

63H@)U1I;65S

T0Q/CQB/D1E8RX@

T1B



M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D-U


M

CXD

M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXI)B-X03`[
M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B@V-RPQ
C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E

T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\

M


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$


M




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




@3F5W

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$




T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


]

T0G
M34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4

M1$]74SH@
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


M#0H@)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@



M3U=3.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
M

M:6YG/3-$

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED
M=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!







M

M8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/&(^
C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M



7!X
M('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

3XF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/


M)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

2PT-#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ+#8R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C$L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T




T1B;W1T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXR+#DX
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT





M/3-$

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O


T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




@3F5W(%)O

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\='(@




M)R!S:7IE/3-$



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


@

S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].

CXU+#`V
SPO


M9VX]


M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H



M;&4]


M8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\



M




T1T;W`^4VEG;FEF:6-A;G0@07-S
M=6UP=&EO;G



3L@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R(&)O

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO





M+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
30\
M+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$8V5N=&5R/CQF



C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO



M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY$

M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C0N
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


T1T


@




M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97






M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXE)B-X03`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0N


63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B4F(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R
M/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M

]
M


M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/D$@

M87


Z(#$[


'!X

'!X.R!7
M241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4





M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H


@3F5W









M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C$E

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/DEN8W)E87-E(AD96-R96%S92D-
MB!I;CH\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D





@


T1B;W1T;VT^


1494.B`S96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$
M14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S


30\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M



CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T


]


M5&EM97

T0G1D].

@



M;F0@=&AE(&)A;&%N8V5S(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B-X03`[
C@L#0H@


@3F5W


M)T)/4D1%4BU#3TQ


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T
M;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0T)3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0T)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(
P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B



T0Q/CQB/D1E8RXF(WA!
#LR.2P\8G(@+SX-B`R,#$S/]B



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
M






P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@8V]L

F4]
M
T0Q/CQB/D1E8RXF(WA!
#LR.P\8G(@+SX-B`R
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]




3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@


1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$

SPO
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT
F4]
M
T0R/B@Q
C


M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

T1B




M



T0R/C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXH
38S



M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T0Q/B8C

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]



M9VX]


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




T0R/B@Y+#
R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M




T0R/C(L


3XF(WA!



M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S
M:7IE/3-$,CXH,S@L,CDY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




3XF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT
F4]
M

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXI
M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXQ
BPX-#
\+V9O


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(,P,#`P,#`@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
!S;VQI9<^)B-X03`[/]P/@T*

M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


M
T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@(S`P
#`P

T1B;W1T;VT^


P
#`P
#`@
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M/3-$(T-#145&1CX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O


T0R/B0\+V9O



T1B


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

M1#(^)#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXH-30L,C,Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G


M93TS1#$^)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)R!S:7IE/3-$,CXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O



M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].



T1B


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P


#L\+W`^#0H@/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^#0H@
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\+W`^
M#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B`C
#`P

#L\
M+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!&3TY4+5-)




]

@17AP96-T960@






@


T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M
3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



M(%=)1$]74SH@

'!X)R!C96QL

T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG


M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$-4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M.B!R9V(H






M3TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L



B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M9&EC86P\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N







M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

RPQ.#(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#@W
#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C8L



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXH


M
T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N





M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9VX]


M

M
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXI)B-X
M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT




W!X(&1O=6)L

#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

M


#L\

]





M34E

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A
M;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W



M;7!R;W9E;65N=!P;&%N(@F(W@R

40[*2X\+V9O





T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI
M9VX]
T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$
#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M-38E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T

M
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q/B8C

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M5&EM97





3XF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


M=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M

I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^





M1#$^/&(^26UP;W-E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M(')O=W-P86X]



M(')G8B@P+#`L



M/3-$
3X\8CY096YS:6]N#0H@1G5N9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L
$$P.S(P,30F(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V(^/]F

M1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I





M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CY2960\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M86QI9VX]




T1B;W1T;VT^

M86QI9VX]
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



M.B!R9V(H



'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^







M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@
M5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!

M.B!R9V(H



'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^







3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!

M.B!R9V(H



'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^







3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!

M




'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[







3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!

M




'!X)R!V86QI9VX]






3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3
M.B`Q.R!

$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#






M;&4]

M5#H@

T0G5TA)


M)U=(251%+5-004-%.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE.R!7

3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.

M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+512

M

M(WA!

T0G5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z









M0T]
3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!


M2$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@5T]2








M;&4]

M5#H@



3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!
1514



M-34L

M92UW:61T:#H@
'!X)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


1494
M.B`S
7!X.R!7241/5U




M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M/3-$

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#8E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@/'`@



63H@

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@5&AO=7-A;F1S


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!


M(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
F4],T0R/C(P,34\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M/3-$)TU!4D=)3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C(P
38\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

T1T


@









M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$Q+#`S
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


CXV-2PS
S
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




]







T0G34%21TE.
M+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y3


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M1$]74SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$.3(E(&%L:6=N/3-$

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0V)3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@



3X\8CY);@T*(%1H;W5S

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&-O;'-P86X]

M







65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#LF(WA!


65M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@+3%E


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M3$5&5#H@

T0G

CXR
#$V

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



@3F5W(%)O

RPT-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M+49!34E



T0C0T-%

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXS+#@P



M9VX]
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C0L

M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(P
M
C`F(WA!
#LF(W@R

C0\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B
M;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD









T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2

M.R!&3TY4.B`Q



M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]21$52+4-/3$Q!4%-%.B!C;VQL87!S93L@


T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@86QI9VX]
T1C
M96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0Q



M15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H



@3F5W(%)O





T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]




M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C0S


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G0D]21$52+51/


M(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$





T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C


T1B


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;65N='

T1B


M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C4V+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXY+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@


M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97




M)R!S:7IE/3-$


T0Q/B8C


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W(%)O


M05)'24XM3$5&5#H@

M;&4]

M

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXS+CD\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@

T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\
M+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5A8V]N(%M-96UB97)=/]T


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





M3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@



T0Q
M

T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
M
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\


M/3-$
3`@86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^#0H@/'`@



63H@

T0Q/CQB/DEN#0H@36EL;&EO;G
\


7!X('-O;&ED
M)R!V86QI9VX]

T1C96YT97(^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$58

M5&EM97

\
M+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M24XM3$5&5#H@

M

CY#




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



M5&EM97

XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T




M


M97

M='
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97



@3F5W(%)O


M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



T1B






M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y
M93AA9#

O4VAE970U
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


M4V%L97


M3E0Z(&UE9&EU;2`G5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E









T0V-R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R

T1B;W1T



T1B





M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/C(P
M
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I(#%P

T0R(&%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

C`Q
SPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



M4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


T0G

3X\8CXR
M
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O




M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^

M8W1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
2PQ
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



2PP-S
L


M1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E-T:6QL

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(T
M-RPU-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP







M)R!S:7IE/3-$



M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PT
#
L.30P
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXQ+#
Q
PW,34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$L


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T



1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT



T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$V
BPS-#8\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C$U
BPT
#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I


M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]

M;W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97

M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O



@3F5W(%)O

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M



T1B
M;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


7!X('-O
M;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\




M97

S0R+#0R.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF



S


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

S`W+#0V



M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B



#L\+W1D

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

M1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/E1O=&%L

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$


M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXQ+#8T
2PS
S$\


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#LF
M(WA!

#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO<FUA;#L@5$585U44D%.4T9/4DTZ
M(&YO;F4[(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@


Z(#$[($U!4D=)


M
#EE.&%D
S$W86


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]

T0Q/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^



#L@5TA)5$4M4U!!0T4Z(&YO


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M9PT*('1A8FQE('-E='




M3TQ


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R
M;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@]
T0S)3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@=VED=&@],T0S)3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


T1B;W1T









T0Q/CQB
M/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP+#`I

T0R(&%L:6=N

@

C`Q



M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
T1B


M

3X\
M8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*


1494.B`R
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C
Q+#


T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C(W+#8W-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M


CY
97-S#0H@9&EV
M:61E;F1S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXW+#$T
3PO9F]N



@3F5W


M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
F4],T0R/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N#0H@
M4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^
BPQ
C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G0D]2



T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF
M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*

F4]



M97

C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M;W=R87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C


M5&EM97



M4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^
M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M




T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M




M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@




@3F5W(%)O

30L
C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\



#$T.R!B87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M




M86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#1E;3L@

M.B`G5&EM97


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXR
BPP.#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


#LF(WA!
#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C$T+#$W
SPO9F]N=#X\


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M5#H@

T0G1D].




CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXU+#$T


M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C0L

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!


T1B;W1T;VT^



#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO

30[(&1I
M;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF






M1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!


M9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/4#H@


#L\



M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF
M(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B0\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXW+#$T

M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E


$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M

CXD


T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




CXF(WA!



M/3-$
CXQ-RPP
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@





T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97

C$L


T0G1D].


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M


#L\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]



T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXR+#$R-3PO9F]N


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C(L


M




T1T;W`^


@3F5W



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M9VX]

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N
M=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97


63H@)U1I;65S



7!X)SX-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^#0H@




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

M

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[


M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M5$]0.B!R9V(H




M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E


3DR
$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



@3F5W

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L



M







M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M1#$^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E





T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M;R!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C(L
M


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXR+#`X
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C(L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXQ.PT,S`\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
$$P.SPO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C$W+#DY


T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@





M.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D


T0G0D]21$52


M/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T



1494.B`T96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






@

S$L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




M97




M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M5$]0.B!R9V(H

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X
M03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4
M+4E.1$5.5#H@



M1$]74SH@



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!A;&EG;CTS






M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


@


T0Q
6QE/3-$)T)/
M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L


M86QI9VX]

M+#`L





M
T0Q/CQB/C(P
3
\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



T0R

M5&EM97

C`Q
CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^

T0Q/B8C

T0C0T-%

M86QI9VX]

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!
M,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M($-L87-S($(-B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C(L
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9W
@)B-X
C`Q-#L@9&EL=71E9#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97


63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#QT


7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X-B`\


M




T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#-E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^-BPS-C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXV+#(P.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



T1B;W1T


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]2



M)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@



M9VX]


M


1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E

T0R/D1E;F]M:6YA=&]R


M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M


M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@
M/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




C`Q-#L@8F%S:6
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R



T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXW+#$T
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




T0C


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXR+#$R-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

BPQ
#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE


T1N


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL-B!S:&%R93H\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF


M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

F5M.R!415A4+4E.

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL@=V5I9VAT960-


M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF



T1B;W1T;VT@;F]W

M97

3XF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF







T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#L\



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$


M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

BPQ


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!


M86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M3$5&5#H@

T0G



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O

M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\

M1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D-O;6UO
M;B!3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C(N.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


M;&4]

M


T1B;W1T
M;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*





T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L


M

T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H

MB`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF;VYT



@0B!#;VUM;VX-B!3=&]C:SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!




M(#QT9#XF(WA!


$$P
M.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

W!X


#L\+W1D

M=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I


T1B;W1T

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*




W!X(&1O

#L\+W1D/@T*


M9#XF(WA!


M9F]N=#X\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

RXS-3PO


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



M+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

T0G1D].


T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

M93TS1=3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M
T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


M.B!R9V(H
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9#XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`\<!S='EL

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2



1514
M15(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B:VET


T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0S)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXH
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S




M




#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A8FQE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@0D]2

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$

E(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B@R




3U(Z(')G
M8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3



T0Q
#`E(&)O









@;V8@0V%S:!&
M;&]W($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A486)L97



]
T1T:#Y$96





@:6X@

]
T1T97AT

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E4


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X
M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW

M

CY#



3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M=V5B




3L@3$545$52+5-0




T0P('=I9'1H/3-$

T0P




M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M







M+#`L

M

3X\

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M9VX]




65M



M:79A8FQE+`T*('1R861E+!N970\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/B@R
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$

M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O



M)R!S:7IE/3-$
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXH
BPS

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T





1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/D%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4L
M#0H@;W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M




M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




T0R
M/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!



\+V9O
M;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N

@



@


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E



M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT


M3BU
1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/D%C

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-T



M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T



M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97



T0G34%2

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M06-C;W5N='

M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXR
M-2PQ
38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




@3F5W




T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@Q-PS.3D\+V9O;G0^/]T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M



M97

S8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R

M;W(]


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXU+#$T-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^*#(L




M97

BPP
#@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R



3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M97

M87`]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE




T1B;W1T;VT^




T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$


M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M97
\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

M5&EM97

M9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G


M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L


#L\

#L\+W`^#0H@

M4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L


M;3XF(WA!

M
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP('-T






]
T1T97AT/CQD

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U3


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
M151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@-4[(UW96)K

T0G

CY#87-H






T0W-B4^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('=I
M9'1H/3-$
R4^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0^

M


M9VX]

M4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED.R!724142#H@-#9P




T0Q
M/CQB/C(P
30\+V(^/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L


M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H,PP

T0R(&%L

M97

C`Q



M)T)/4D1%4BU3U143TTZ(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]
M


M;&4]

M
3X\8CXR
#$R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M

CXF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M





M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M
C@L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$

M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4

CXF(WA!

M;&4]

M
CXS
2PP
#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO

63H@)U1I



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E







3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^

M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R/@T*(#PO=&%B;&4^#0H@/&)R(&-L
M87-S/3-$07!P;&4M:6YT97)C:&%N9V4M;F5W;&EN92`O/@T*(`T*(#PO9&EV






3XQ
B!-;VYT:'







]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$


63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/E1H90T*($-O;7!A;GDF(W@R
#$Y.W
@



M4F]M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N


M:61T:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^

M;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#
E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^


M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M3TY4+49!34E

T0Q/CQB/D9I

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\+W1R





M
7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]

M



3X\8CXR
#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M
3XF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/


M='EL93TS1=3U)$15(M0D]45$]-.B!R9V(H

M


M97


T0Q

T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



T0G


M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G1D].

CXF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT



M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

2PV
3
L


T0G1D].


M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M








M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N




T1T;W`^


@3F5W


T0Q/B8C


M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXI)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

T1B;W1T

M.B`G5&EM97



M



T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]T9#X-B`\

M(')G8B@P+#`L

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M(WA!



M


#L\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(]


M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL


T1B;W1T;VT^



S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L



T0G0D]21$52





M




M5#H@

T0G1D].



M

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT
M9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXX





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXX
M
2PS
S
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S



M86QI9VX]


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
M
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/C

M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXW+#4V
M



@3F5W

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M3E0M4TE:13H@
7!X)SX-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]


M*#`L


M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H


M3U)$15(M5$]0.B!R9V(H






M/3-$
CY#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O





3XF(WA!

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@

M5&EM97


M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!



M9VX]


M
$$P.SPO<#X-B`\+W1D/@T*



M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT

M

#
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4



M

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXU


M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#)E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF



M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/B8C

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

T0G

CXF(WA!
M
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF




@3F5W

3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M86QI9VX]


M*#`L

M(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[/]T9#X-

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!

M3U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
D@,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/C8Q+#$S

T1B
M;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R/C4X+#8W
3PO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M



T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




T1B;W1T





#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X


M.B!R9V(H


T0G0D]21$52+51/




1494.B`Q96T[(%1%6%0M
M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I


T1B;W1T;VT^

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-
MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C0T-%149&/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M


M97


M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXV
M.2PV
S4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&YO=W)A

63H@)U1I;65S




T0R
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L:6=N/3-$


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$
CXT-RPR-#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


CXU-RPT
C$\+V9O


63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E




M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

C
\+V9O;G0^

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L,D@
M
7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

D@
M,7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!,#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0^)B-X03`[/]T
$$P.SPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G0D]21$52+51/




T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E




M/3-$
CXX-BPS-S0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M(&%L

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE



T1B;W1T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

M(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/@T*(#QP


M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

M9&]U8FQE)SXF(WA!
#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!

#L\+W`^#0H@/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M+#`L





M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S
M:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(]



$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M



M)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M.B`G5&EM97



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^



M:7IE/3-$
CXS-BPV-S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T






M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF






T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B@Q
BPX

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/BDF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


T0G0D]2


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9#XF(WA!

7!X('-O;&ED)SXF(WA!
#L\

M/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L

T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$



T1B;W1T
M;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/C$L-#
S+#`W-CPO9F]N=#X\

M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

M
T0R/C$L

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO
M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M
6QE/3-$)T)/4D1%4BU43U`Z(')G8B@P+#`L
M,D@


M


M(#QT9#XF(WA!
#L\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^)B-X03`[
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/
M33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@


3L@34%21TE.
M+51/4#H@
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.
M5#H@

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE

M



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]
T0P/@T*

T1L

@3F5W(%)O



M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q

O4VAE970U-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

]


]
T1P




#LR

M($-/3$]2.B!R9V(H

M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M


M:#TS1#$P
4@86QI9VX],T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D


B!N;W=R87`]

T0G34%2
M1TE.+4)/5%1/33H@

M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





C`Q-#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!

T0G0D]21$52+4)/5%1/




M/3-$
B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]

M;&4]

M

M='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-


B!N;W=R87`]
T1N
M;W=R87`@86QI9VX]





3XF
M(WA!
#LF(WA!

T0G0D]21$52



T1B

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\


M*#`L


M=7`^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/C0T
$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^#0H@/'`@

T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M



T1B
$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$X-2PU
C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE




63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M


M

M8V]L;W(]








M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT('-I



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



1494.B`Q
M96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E


M9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\
M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N


M+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]

M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*
M(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V
M86QI9VX]




T0G1D].


M;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

T0Q


M.B`G5&EM97

2XT.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E


T0R/C$N
S$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M

63H@



M;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXN


M





M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF




T1B;W1T


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]






M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

M86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO





M/3-$
CY#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T1B

M24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE
M/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

@3F5W

M9VX]

M='1O;2!N;W=R87`]


CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\

M


M24Q9.B`G5&EM97



1494.B`R96T[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4.B`M
65M
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

T0R/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N#0H@4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P
M/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
M
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T

@3F5W(%)O




M93TS1#(^)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!

M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P.SPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT


M93TS1#(^+C


Z(#$[


'!X

'!X.R!7
M241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M24Y$14Y4

4@86QI9VX]
M,T1C96YT97(@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-C0E
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^
M#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W
M:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!W:61T:#TS1#(E/CPO=&0^

B!N;W=R
M87`]

T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X

M.B`G5&EM97




M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T


30@86QI9VX]
M



3X\8CY1=6%R=&5R/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
M/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]


3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!







B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI
M9VX]

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(=4:6UE





B!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`@86QI9VX]
T1C96YT97(^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$





7!X('-O;&ED)R!V86QI9VX]


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




XX97@G/B@Q,2DH,3(I/]S
M=7`^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O



T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R
M:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2

T0R/C
X
RPU-3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L

M3TY4+49!34E



M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXT
C@L


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$


M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

M)B-X03`[)B-X03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



63H@)U1I




M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$U


M

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E



34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$

M34E



M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S($YE



M03`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S

T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/C$U.PU,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-



M;&4]
T0G34%21TE.+4Q%1E0Z(#%E;3L@5$585U)3D1%3E0Z(TQ96TG/CQF




T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O


M:7IE/3-$
CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T


CXT+#@V
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$,3XF(WA!,#LF(WA!,#L\+V9O;G0^/]T

M;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3$L


M



CXF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@

T0G

CXQ-BPQ


63H@)U1I;65S($YE




M




$$P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI
M9VX]
T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^

M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D

T1B;W1T;VT^
M/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
T0C0T-%

T1B




M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]

M;&4]

M
CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T




M#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT/CQF;VYT('-T


M1#(^


T1B;W1T;VT@
M86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I

T0R/B@N-3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\


T0R
M/BDF(WA!
F4],T0R/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N#0H@
M4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O

T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R
M/BXU


T1B;W1T;VT@86QI
M9VX]
T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S

T0R/C$N
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@


T0R/B8C

M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@

T0R/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M

CXQ


T1B;W1T;VT^/&9O;G0@


M/3-$



T0G34%21TE.

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97




M=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
M
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@

T1B;W1T
M;VT^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A

M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;3X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT^/]T

M5#H@

T0G1D].

CY#;VUM;VX@
M4W1O8VL\+V9O;G0^/]P/@T*(#PO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;3X\9F]N=!S:7IE/3-$
3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\

M.B`G5&EM97

M(#QT9!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



@

3XF(WA!
#LF
M(WA!
#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M/CQF;VYT




T1B;W1T;VT^

M



CXF(WA!
#LF(WA!




@

M86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


T0C0T-%





@3F5W(%)O


M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N

3XF(WA!
#LF(WA!
#L\+V9O

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97

$$P
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#QT9!V86QI9VX]



M/CPO=&0^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!N;W=R87`]
T1N;W=R87`^


M)R!S:7IE/3-$


6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97





T0G34%21TE.+4)/
M5%1/33H@
'!X.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]2


3L@
M34%21TE.+51/4#H@-G!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4



M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$



'!X.R!#3TQ/4CH@


M5U


M:#H@

M
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M86P[(%1%6%0M


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]

M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97


'!A;G-I;VXN/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@/]T<CX-B`\+W1A8FQE

M1SH@







M(%=/4D0M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'


4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T

@3F5W(%)O;6%N




M92D@97AP96YS97

C`Q.3MS




3U(Z(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$3U=3.B`Q.R!-05)'24XM


T0Q



#$T


M03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I;65S



M.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X.R`M

M

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS1&QE


M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$






M;VUP86YY)B-X



3U(Z
M(')G8B@P+#`L

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@5TE$



T0Q
#`E


MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





M3U)$15(M0T]



M=&5R(&]F(#(P
30@:6YC;'5D960@)#$N
2!M:6QL:6]N(@D,XW(&UI;&QI





#L\+W`^#0H@/'1A

@3F5W(%)O;6%N)SL@

T0P(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$
!W:61T:#TS1#$P,4@8F]R9&5R/3-$


T0R



M)B-X03`[/]P/@T*(#QT86)L92!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@)U1I



M.B`Q.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X

M/3-$

T1T;W`@=VED=&@]
T0T)2!A;&EG;CTS


M4F]M86XG)R!S:7IE/3-$





M3TY4+49!34E

05!3


151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!4
M15A4+4E.1$5.5#H@



T1T;W`@=VED
M=&@]


CXH.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X-B`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E

T0R


M3$]2.B!R9V(H

3$%0


T1T;W`@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF;VYT('-T




'!X


M86XG.R!7241/5U




M4U!!0TE.1SH@
'!X.R!7241/5U
Z(#$[($Q%5%1%4BU34$%#24Y'.B!N;W)M


M:#TS1#$P
4@8F]R9&5R/3-$,#X-B`\='(^#0H@/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1'1O

M
C`Q
R!I;F-L=61E9`D,2XW(&UI;&QI;VXL(@D
2XQ(&UI;&QI;VX@;F5T





T0G34%21TE.+4)/5%1/33H@
'!X
M.R!72$E412U34$%#13H@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+51204Y31D]233H@;F]N93L@


3L@34%21TE.+51/4#H@
M
'!X.R!
151415(M4U!!0TE.1SH@;F]R;6%L.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@
'!X



3L@3$54



T0P('=I9'1H/3-$
3`P)2!B;W)D97(]

MB`\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P('=I9'1H/3-$-4@86QI9VX]
T1L969T/CQF




M=')I8G5T:6]N+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(#PO='(^#0H@/]T86)L93X-B`-


%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*



]

M:60]



T0Q/C`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^5F]T93QB

M=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]








]



L
M
S
T+#`P

#`L







]

]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]



M-C$L-S`P+#`P




]
T1N=6UP
M/C(Q
2PV
#`L


C`Q+#`P

]


]

M;7`^

]
T1T


M








]
T1R







M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E;&EV97)Y(&9E97
@:6X@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@

C`P+#`P




]







]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/C(N
#`E






M;VYO=6YC96UE;G1S(&]R($-H86YG92!I;B!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!R:6YC:7!L


]


]


]



]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P




M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q

O4VAE970U.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]







T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


C`Q

]



]


BXW







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


M;'-P86X]
T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S,P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R

]


















M






M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D=O;V1W:6QL/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

#8L
C(P+#`P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P
BPP-#DL

3`V+#(R

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0U-RPV-S8L

RPP


M





]
T1N=6UP/C
X
RPU-3$L
#`P

M
2PW-#8L
S8Y+#`P


S
L
#`P/'-P86X^















L-C0W+#`P





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0V+#@U





]


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
'0^














:6YE($ET96US73PO





























M-S@R+#`P


M9VX]


M(%M




RPS.#DL

]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L.#`P+#`P

]
T1P



















]


]


]


]


]


]



]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]


]


]


]


]














]









M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q
M8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970V
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@

@87
@;V8@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@1&%T


]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


]











]


]



]



]


]



]


V





]


]

]
T1P


]






]



]


]

]


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&EN
M=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



RPX




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]



]


]


]




]
T1R


]
T1T97AT

]
M




]

]


]


]


]




]


]










@86YD(&]T:&5R





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#$U



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


#


]


]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I
M97



]



%]B
6
U7S$P.64X
M860S


]
M



M9SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G
@+2!3=6UM87)Y(&]F($9A:7(@5F%L=64@06-Q=6ER
M960@261E;G1I9FEA8FQE($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(A$971A:6PI(A5

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]

C@L(#(P
M

M:6)U=&EO;B!!9W)E96UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




M($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S(%M









BPV
#`\



]
T1T97AT


T1T







RPX








M92U

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$S
M+#(P

]
T1T

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D('5S969U;!L:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT


]




]


@=&\@;W1H97(@:61E;G1I










]


]


]

]


]



]




]


T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS('1O(&]T:&5R(&ED
M96YT:69I86)L92!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(')E;&%T960@=&\@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX\

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#0P



T1T;W`^17-T:6UA

M86QI9VX]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
M


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O5V]R


M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


M;W)I97

L('5N;&5S





]



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@








L('!L87-T:6




]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4P




M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y
M93AA9#



M(&-O;G1E;G0]




]

]







]



]




M;7`^
S4X+#(S


]







3(P+#4S


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A;G-P;W)T871I;VX@17%U:7!M96YT(%M-96UB97)=











38T+#0P


]





]



]


M










M92!F;W(@26YT97)N86P@57-E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D






M97%U:7!M96YT+!A=!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



2PW



]



]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#


]


]



]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



]




]





\

]
T1R


]


]


]


]

]





]
T1R;SX-

]
T1R

M=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S/'-P







]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($QE87-E:&]L9!A;F0@3&%N


]

M86QI9VX]



]





]

M92!F;W(@26YT97)N86P@57-E(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D








]



]

M960@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#XU


]


]


]


]

M;6%T960@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#XR


]

]
T1P





]










T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\($-O;&0@


]


]


]



]


]














]
T1R


]
M

M(&QI=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ

]
T1T97AT



]


]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S


M9VX]



]


]


]




2PQ-C@L


\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L-S`P+#`P



T1T;W`^0VAA



]


M


T1T


]

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1R

]





T1T;W`^0VAA

M871I;VX@97AP96YS92!R961U8W1I;VX@9G)O;2!C:&%N9V4@:6X@=7-E9G5L


3$\


M-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S






]

T1)1#!%441!

96%S97
@+2!



3(@36]N=&AS($5N

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

]
M

M='


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/C4Q+#@R








]






96%S97

]
M

]

@6TQI;F4@


]







%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A



]
T1R97!O


96%S97
@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L


]
T1T:#Y$96



]


BXU/'-P86X^














]



]
T1T
M:#Y$96

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@







]

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?
M8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M4FEG:'1S(&%N9!';V]D=VEL;`M($%D9&ET:6]N86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P


L($YE


@86YD(&=O






]
T1R;SX-




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



@

@*$1E=&%I





T1T;W`^

@6TQI;F4@


]

M+#


Z($%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO




T1T;W`^1&ES=')I



]

]
T1P






]




]



]








]

]
T1R








T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!;365M8F5R


]

M86QI9VX]




]



]
T1T97AT/C$R('EE87)S



@

]


]












]


T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@;&ES='
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&ED






M-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S





]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S
S
M+#`P






2PX
#`L
#`P/'-P



M;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@
C`Q-CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





2PX
M
#`L




C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@





M1&YU;7`^
2PX
#`L










]


]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R
M964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86




M:78]

]
M




C@L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
SQB

]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L

]
T1R


]

M
BPT



]

BPU







]
T1R93X-


]




]

M
#EE.&%D
S$W86





M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y$96



]



]



T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N=6UP
M/C

]








]


]




M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR







M-S$L

M1&YU;7`^-2PP

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@








]

]
T1P



]


]

]




]

]

M96YT(%M








]
T1R93X-

3`P+#`P
#QS


M/3-$=&]P/C4N





]

]
M


]

]




]
T1N=6UP

]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@











]
M

3$P
M+#`P






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C
M-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J




]
T1T:#Y$
M96

M/D1E8RX@
CDL(#(P
3


]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^


#$V



#$W




]




M9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$


#$T/&)R

C`Q
M

M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!A;F0@8V%P:71A


]


]



]


M






]
T1N=6UP/C4Y
M+#`P




#`L


C`P+#`P


]



]









]















M97

]
T1R93X-




]


]







#`P
M+#`P

]



T1T

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y/8W0@

]
T1R

#`L










2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^






]
T1N=6UP/C(W.2PP
#`L

#`@36EL;&EO;B!&86-I



]


]


]







M;V8@0W)E9&ET(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$











#`L
#`P





]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^-2XS

]


]






]








L(&%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

#`L
#`P+#`P


#`\



M-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S






]

T1)1#!%1T]!


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q








M;V8@4V%L97

]
T1T


M



]




]


]


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE
M.&%D
S$W86




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

@+2!!9&1I=&EO
M;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A#;VUM;V1I='D@2&5D9VEN9R!!
M9W)E96UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=+!54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L('5N

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@


]



L($=A:6X@*$QO

I(%M



M(#(R+C

M7S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)





M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


]

:6YE








]
T1T

]


T1T;W`^3F]N+7!U8FQI8R!V

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PP


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#4X
M


M9VX]

M97

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-RPP



]
T1N=6UP/C`\








M/3-$=&]P/E!U8FQI8R!D96)T('-E8W5R:71I97


]



]



M

]




M-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U
M7S$P.64X860S




^+RH@


M















]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@







]





]





]
T1T97AT

]


]
T1R
















M93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S







]





^

M8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M3W!E;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M





]



]


]

]
M





]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2F]H;G-O;B!#:71Y($%N9!-;W)R:7-T



]










@4F5L871E


]


]


]


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
M
#EE.&%D
S$W86

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O





]




]






2!T;R!
979E


]





]

979E;`Q('1O($QE=F5L(#(@5')A;G-F97)S+!!;6]U;G0\+W1D/@T*





M8FEL:71I97
L($QE=F5L(#(@=&\@3&5V96P@

L($%M;W5N

]


M;'5E+!-96%S=7)E;65N=!W:71H(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!);G!U='
@4F5C

]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V
M83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



@*$1E




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3`Y+#


]


]
T1N


M-2PT





C4L-SDQ/'-P


M-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M;G1E;G0]



T0S/C$R


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S,P@
C`Q



]

;VYG+71E

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`Y+#




M

M1&YU;7`^









]



T1T;W`^0V]M








XP,4\

M









]







]
M








]
















M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU

]




]



T1T;W`^1G5L;'D@


]

]


]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPY


L
S`P/'-P86X^



M964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E
M;F-I97
@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@

M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]



]

]


T1T;W`^3&5T


]




]
T1N=6UP



M/3-$=&]P/E-O=71H96%S=&5R;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]
M

]
M

]

#`E/'-P




\

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP













M
C








]


]

]
M










]


]

















]



]


]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


]



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]

]
T1T97AT


T
M960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P
M.64X860S




^+RH@1&\@


$5)




96%S


C@L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%P
M:71A;!
96%S97
L(#(P



3`L

M


M1&YU;7`^
3`L
3






]



]




M


]




Z



M

@=6YD97(@

]
T1N=6UP



C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C4L.3$Y




]

]
M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
M





]

]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9G5T=7)E

@9'5E(&EN(#(P


]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$V+#(T



@
M9'5E(&EN(#(P

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#4Q



T1T;W`^5&]T

@9'5E(&EN(#(P
3D\+W1D/@T*

]



]


RPS



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V
M83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M5&%X97



SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P


]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

RPQ
M-3




BPQ-C






]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#
Q

]
M


]
T1P

]


]


]

RPV




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4X


]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
3DL-3

T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P
M7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5+14))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




]

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S,P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R

C`Q
M

]


















]


]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP

]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPY
#`L





#`\

M+#@P

]

M=&EO;G

B!M;VYT:'





#`L

RPT
#`L
#`P

M
C`P+#`P

]
M


M9VX]
'!E;G-E/]T9#X-





]
T1N=6UP/C(P


]


]


]









BPS
#`L
M




M:6]N(&5N9&EN9R!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



M=#XR
#




M


RPP


M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@


]


]



#`L



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]








]
T1R


]


]


]


]


P
M


]


]
T1T

]
T1T
M97AT/C(P







]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]


]
T1T97AT/C(P









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


]

]
T1P

]


]


]
T1R:#X-

]
T1R


]


]


]


]

]


]






]


]




T960T-#9?
F5E
M.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#




M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P14-



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(Y+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S`L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]


]

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T





]


]



T1T;W`^

\+W1D/@T*


]



]






]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C`S/'-P

S(Q

M





]

2PT

M;3XH


2PS



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3@T/'-P





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C$L.#@Y/'-P86X^


M964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M;G0]

^#0H@

M871I;VX@;V8@=&AE($)E9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V5S(&]F





C`Q


]










]
M

@=&%K96X@9'5R


M1&YU;3XH
S




]



]



T1T;W`^4F5D=6-T:6]N(&%S(&$@

M871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DR


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W
M86



]




M1&EF9F5R96YC97



@;W1H97)W









]
T1N=6UP/C8Y+#DP-3QS

]


]




T1T


V


]





]

]


]



]



M=6YI;VXI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R-2PY-3$I

M.2PY





38L



]









]
T1R93X-

RPT-S(I

M
RPV



]



T1T;W`^5F%L=6%T











]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30P+#`P


T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5854%)/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S








]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S











]
T1N=6T^*#(V+#(V-RD\






M86QI9VX]

]

]



MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-PU


]






]




T1T;W`^1V%I;G
@*$QO




]
T1N




2PW
M-#




]
T1P


]



@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T





]
T1N=6T^*#


T1T;W`^1V%I;G





T1T;W`^1V%I;G


]

]




]



M9VX]







;W-S


]

M86QI9VX]





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y+#

]
T1N=6T^*#0L
M

]


]


M


]

M169F96-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X.#4I/'-P

2PQ


]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^16YD:6YG+!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



]




]
M


M9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
M




M;7`^

]


]
T1N=6UP/C`\


3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;3XH
2PU
3
I/'-P86X^

2PU
3
I

M
2PU
3





]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^
RPT



]
M

]

]



]

]




]










]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^16YD:6YG+!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
M
S$W86




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



@*%!A


]




@


]
T1T97AT

]




M964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M;G0]



I(&]N($EN8V]M

L


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@






M:69I8V%T:6]N('1O(&EN8V]M92P@5&%X($5F9F5C=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/C(L








]
T1T97AT


T1T



]





T1T

]
T1N=6UP/C$L


3QS

]

]


]



]



2PT






]











]





]







]







]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]


@6TUE;6)E

]




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO





]









]

SQS





]




T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA
M9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V
M7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\

$5,4%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


T0S/C`@36]N

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S



C@L(#(P
30\8G(^5F]T93QB





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(V+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



M:7IA=&EO;BP@17%U:71Y(%M














]











]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@.2PR
C0L












]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPU
#`L

#`\

M(#(L-C`P+#`P


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]


]



@0B!#;VUM

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]













]

]






M









]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Y+#@X

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

C`L

M;7`^
C`L


C(L






]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

3DL


M7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M



3XS($UO;G1H

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

#$S/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


S`L(#(P












BPP
#`L




2PY
M
#`L

M1&YU;3XH-30L-#`P+#`P


]



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C=6UU
M;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

C8L
S`P+#`P


#`\








]
T1T


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE









]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Q
BPV.3(L



]







]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]
T1T97AT/C(P





2!I9B!#;VUP86YY('=I=&AD<F%W<R!F






#`L




]
M






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






]


]


]


]

\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]
T1T97AT

]









]


]















]


]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]




]
T1N=6UP/C














L


]
M

]
M


M9VX]




]








]
T1N=6UP/C4N






M=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]


]




M='


]











]

]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$N







]


]



@6TQI;F4@


]


M1&YU;7`^
3`N






]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!B96YE9FET('!L86X@








]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]










]
T1R


]




T1T;W`^4F5H86)I;&ET871I;VX@4&QA;B!;



]


]


]



]

]














]


]


]


]



















]
M
T1T97AT/DIU;`R-BP-@D)


]











]


]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]














]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P




]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]


]







M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86X@8V]N=')I8G5T



]
T1N=6UP/C
N






]
T1T

]
T1T

]






]
T1R:#X-









]


]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]

M86QI9VX]


M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR




M:71S(%M




]



]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]
T1T97AT/C(P






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

M3W1H97(@16UP;&]Y964@0F5N969I='

]

M





]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]
T1R






%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*



]

M:60]



@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#(X+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S



M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@












]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(X



]






]


]


]

#@I/'-P

L


M


]









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C@P



]


M

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]

M;'5E(&]F('!L86X@87-S971S(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@




M;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T

]






M

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P



]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O




]





]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3



C8L



]

C$R+#8Y


M



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C
M-5\Q,#EE.&%D,S$W86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

M='
O4VAE970Y.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q





#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]

]


M;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T

]









]


]
T1N=6T^*#(U+#0T
2D\











]



^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]



BPP



@6TUE

]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US


]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]
T1N

]



3(L



]
T1N=6T^

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W/'-P86X^



2PW-#















]




SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\



]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P
















]






T1T



]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N



]


]

]
T1P












]

]
T1R;SX-





]
T1N=6UP



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0N


M-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

M

M($9U='5R92!096YS:6]N($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='




]











T1T;W`^



]


]

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



M



T1T;W`^
C`Q.#PO

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C0L


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
M
S$W86

RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T($%L;&]C871I;VX@
C`Q-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]



]






30\+W1D







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T($%L
M;&]C871I;VX@




M871E(&]F(%)E='5R;B`M(#(P






]

34\+W1D






]


#$T



T1T;W`^26YT97)N







]
T1N=6UP/C$U+C`P)3QS


T1T;W`^

]



T1T;W`^

]
T1T

]






]


]

#`E/'-P86X^




#`E/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C$N-S`E



M9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



]


C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q



]


3(L-CDR/'-P86X^





]


T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
L($]T:&5R(%M-





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP/C8T



T1T;W`^

@1FEX960@26YC;VUE(%M-





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]



M








M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E1O=&%L/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


]




@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
@6TUE;6)E

]


]




]



]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]


]

M86QI9VX]







979E;`R(%M-96UB97)=/]T



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P\+W1D


M9'
@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]

]
M







]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]



]







@1FEX960@26YC;VUE





]
T1T97AT

]

]



M9VX]
T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($-O;6UO;B]#;VQL96-T:79E



]



]





%]B
M
6
U7S$P.64X860S

T0G=&5X



M($)E9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V5S(&]F($)E;F5F:70@3V)L

]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T


]

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L




]








T1T;W`^4&QA;B!P

G(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


]


T1T;W`^06-T=6%R:6%L(AG86EN*2]L;W-S/]T

]
T1N=6T^*#



T1T;W`^0F5N
M969I='

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q



T1T;W`^0F5N
M969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

M;G1E;G0]


M8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F($)E9VEN;FEN9R!A;F0@16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V5S(&]F

@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D*3QB





M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO






]
M


]


]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C
L

BPY







]
T1N=6T^*#



]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
M
6
U7S$P.64X860S


T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



:6%B:6QI='D@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L



]


]








]

]
M







]

]
T1N=6T^


T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
M
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

3`X+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


@4&]S=')E=&ER



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\



]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P








]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




T1T;W`^4F5C;V=N


]
T1N=6UP/C(L

BPY-#




]

M;3XH
2PU
3


2PU
3

2PU
3



]

]
T1N=6UP




T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y
M93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D
M-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

M965T


M='`M97%U:78]

]





M/3-$
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






]


T1T;W`^4&]S
M=')E=&ER96UE;G0@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(#$E($1E8W)E87-E/]T

]
T1R;SX-






]
T1R









]

]
T1T

]



]

@8F5N969I
M=!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-PR
SDI



]



]


]

]
T1P


]
M


L


M9VX]

L(&5N9&EN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C


]



]


]



M=7-T;65N='



M=`H8W)E9&ET*2P@96YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6T^*#$V





M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US


]
T1N=6T^*#


]

C0I/'-P


BPR.3






]




]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4Q


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@

M97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
-




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5'14%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

M;7!O;F5N='

@;W(@4&]S
M=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='
@0V]S='
@:6X@
C`Q-2`H1&5T86EL*2`H

]


M

]





]



M:6



]






M9VX]







T1T











]




^

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*






]

]
M







]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




]


]


T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T
M-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8R]7





]



]


C`Q-#QB

M+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R







]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-#(T+#`P

#`L


T1T;W`^




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#@T.2PP




#`L

#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^0T-2



]
T1N=6UP/C(S
M+#@P








]
T1N=6UP/CDP

]
T1R:#X-

]
T1R


]



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N
M='

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4P


]


#`L
#`P

M-2PQ
#`L






]

M86QI9VX]

M(%M


]



]

M+#`P

]




#`P+#`P
#QS







C`L.#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L
3`P+#`P


]


]

]


]




M;7`^-S@L-#`P+#`P



BPS
#`L

M9&5B=!P;W)T:6]N(&=U87)A;G1E960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#$P




]


#`L


M


T1T

]


]


]

96%S92!E

C`R


]

]
M

]










]







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

Q

#`L




M=!;365M8F5R72!\($-#4B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C






]

]
T1N=6UP/C0V+#DP


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P




]

]


]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97



]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#8P
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8X+#@P


M9VX]

]


]



]








M87)T7S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8PT*0V]N



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




C`Q

]
M









]





]
T1N=6UP/C
V


]






]
T1N=6UP/CDN
SQS


T1T


]






T960T-#9?
F5E
M.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A




]






]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S

T1T;W`^0F5A8V]N(%M-96UB





]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]












M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
M
3`Y93AA9#

O4VAE970Q
38N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M







]






#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C@L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q
M

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


















S0L-#8T/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV
30L-#
S














]
T1R











]


]


]


]


]


]



]



]


]


]


]




T1T;W`^






















M;7`^
2PT
#


2PS


2PS





]


]


]


]


]



M(%M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$V



34R+#0P


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&]S=U-:7@@86YD($]T
M:&5R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\












]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N




]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P





M93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S

M;G0]




T0X/C

^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

]

S`L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q


#$S/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96

CDL
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M


T1T;W`^


@0B!#;VUM;VX@4W1O


]


BPQ



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
38L








@;VX@0V]M









M


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DY


M96%R;FEN9W
@86QL;V-A=&5D('1O($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@0F%S:6
\+W1D

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#0S



T1T

]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#DY
M

]



]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+#







]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960@879E










]

M



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/CDL
M






]
M



























]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]















]


]


]


]



M9VX]



















































P


]


]


]


]


]




T1T

@;F5T(&EN8V]M92!P















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@














]


]


]


]







]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T



M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

M86QI9VX]


Z

]
M

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#`R
M

]
M


@86QL;V-A
M=&5D('1O($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C:RP@0F%S:6


]


]


]


]

]


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@=6YD:7-T


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@











]


]
M




]

]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$P

#`N

M-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86




]

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD



]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L(#(P


M:7-K(%M


]


]


]






M96YT:71I97


]


M;G1R871I;VX@4FES:R!;365M8F5R72!\($-O;&QE8W1I=F4@0F%R9V%I;FEN
M9R!!9W)E96UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/C8N









]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!R:7-K+!P97)C96YT


]


]



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]










]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@



]




]

M




M;V1U8W0@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M-96UB97)=('P@26UM961I871E
M($-O;G-U;7!T:6]N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





:6YE($ET


]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]


M8W0@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




M(%M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C(R+C`P

]



]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO
M;B!R:7-K+!P97)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


M=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K(%M



]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]









M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?
M8C%C-5\Q,#EE.&%D,S$W86,-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-6
T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q8S5?
3`Y93AA9#

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5#3$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


@069F96-T:6YG


L


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
P+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6T^*#(L


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]
T1N
M=6T^*#(L



RPY


M97






M

M;G5M/B@X





M-2PQ

M;G5M/B@Q+#DV

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V+#
R


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#








]









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O

2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7




^

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M16QE;65N='





]
T1N



S


%]B
6
U
M7S$P.64X860S



^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@


M9'





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S4L
M











]










]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1G)A
M;F-H:7-E9!.;VYA;&-O:&]L:6

@0F5V97)A9V5S(%-E9VUE;G1S($%G


M



T1T;W`^3G5M




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06QL($]T:&5R(%M-96UB97)=/]T


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
M
#EE.&%D
S$W86

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4





L('5N;&5S

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.P@

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S,P@


#$S/&)R/CPO

CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S

]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#

C@L(#(P
M
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L








]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PV-#$L
S

S



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

























2PQ


]


]
T1R;SX-



















]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



T1T;W`^3F]N86QC;VAO;&EC($)E



]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@












]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#@T/'-P86X^

S
S


]
T1R93X-

#



]



]


]
T1R;SX-















]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
T1T97AT

]

]



]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]




T1T;W`^/'-T





















M;7`^
RPP


































]


]


]


]


]


]


]
























]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$R+#@P




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$P+#8Q



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86
O



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]




]
T1T






CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^2G5N+B`S


]
T1T:#Y-87(N(#
Q+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#4Y+#0W
SQS

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
SDT+#

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PW-#8L




@;6%R9VEN


3@T+#DT
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$W-BPQ


34S+#8Y.3QS

T1T;W`^3F5T(&EN8V]M92!A='1R:6)U=&%B;&4@
M=&\@0V]C82U#;VQA($)O='1L:6YG($-O+B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
L



]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]














R/'-P





X

















]
T1R93X-B`@(`@











N




M/3-$=&]P/D-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@













@;F5T(&EN


]
T1R






















R/'-P86X^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y7S0V83!?
M8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]

S`L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%R+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$T/&)R/CPO

C`Q
CQB

]









M+#4S-BPP


BPP




]
M
T1N=6UP/C0U.2PT-S
L

S@X+#4X
BPP

S
W+#`P


M-C0L

M1&YU;7`^-#(X+#DW.2PP


L-34Q+#`P
















M


]








]















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS



























]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C`P+#`P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C`P+#`P


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T






]


]


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9R!P97(@8F%S:6
@8V]M

M












]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L
S`P+#`P


]


]


]


]



]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T






BPP
#`L


















]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M














]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9R!P97(@8F%S:6













M
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S


T0G



@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L

^
3(@36]N

M;CTS1#
^

]
M




#$S/&)R

]
T1T:#Y$96

S`L
M(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R


T1T;W`^


]


]


]





M1&YU;7`^
3`V+#(R

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P-BPR
C`L
#`P/'-P86X^



M;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\


















]


]


]

M;G0@179E;G1S(%M









]


]







]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/DIA;B`S
P-@D)


]


]









:6YE($ET96US









RPX
#`L
#`P/'-P

3DL
M.#`P+#`P

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]

]
T1P


]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]


]


]



3
L.#`P+#`P
#QS


T1T;W`^

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
30U
M+#`P


M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R964Y
M7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]







]
T1T:#Y*86XN(#









#(L
#0Y/'-P


M=6)S97%U96YT($5V96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L




@06-Q=6ES:71I;VX@6TQI


]


M9VX]

]


]


]



]




]





]



]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@:61E;G1I9FEA8FQE(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S








]

T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@

3
L-S(Y/'-P86X^

]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U8S1E9#0T-E\R
M964Y7S0V83!?8C%C-5\Q
#EE.&%D
S$W86



M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S`L(#(P
34\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H



@6TUE

]


]

@6TQI


]



]
T1T


M









]
T1T

]




]


]



]



]









T1T;W`^17-T


]



]
T1R97!O



^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`R.2P@
C`Q




]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PT
M




T1T;W`^061D:71I;VYS(&-H87)G960@=&\@8V]S='
@





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D1E9'5C=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C(T



2PS






]







]
M


M9VX]

RPU-3







]
T1R93X-

]
M


]





]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@




T960T-#9?
F5E.5\T-F$P7V(Q
M8S5?
3`Y93AA9#
Q-V%C#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z
M+S5C-&5D-#0V7S)E93E?-#9A
%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S



T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M
M87

M
T0B4VAE970P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970R,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
CDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#
P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M

M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970W

T0B4VAE970W
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3


T0B
M4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970Y,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q,YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
3$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q
M,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(S+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3(V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M

M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*/]X;6P^#0HM+2TM+2T]7TYE

%]B
6
U7S$P.64X860S
3=A8RTM

 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetSalesByProductCategoryTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLossRecognizedInBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_ParentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_SupplementalSavingsPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerContributionVestingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMaximumMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanParticipantPercentageOfSalarySubjectToCompanyMatching'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_RetentionPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanAnnuityToEligibleParticipantsInstallmentPaymentPeriodOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanAnnuityToEligibleParticipantsInstallmentPaymentPeriodTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanAnnuityToEligibleParticipantsInstallmentPaymentPeriodThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanVestingPercentageAtSpecifiedAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanVestingAgeOfParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanAdditionalVestingPercentageAnnualIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanFullyVestedAge'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_LongTermPerformancePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionMarketingFundingSupportPaymentsFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsToRelatedPartyNetOfMarketingFundingSupport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsToRelatedPartyCustomerMarketingProgram'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsToRelatedPartyForColdDrinkEquipmentParts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsFountainDeliveryAndEquipmentRepairFeesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionMarketingFundingSupportPaymentsFromRelatedPartyProvided'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsFromRelatedPartyToFacilitateDistributionOfProductsToOtherRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetSalesByProductCategoryTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedInsuranceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_AccrualForCurrentTaxesOtherThanCurrentIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitPlansLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ChecksAndTransfersYetToBePresentedForPaymentFromZeroBalanceCashAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PercentageOfInterestHeldInCommonStockByRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_VotingPowerOfStockHeldByRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfEntitiesInWhichReportingEntityIsShareholderAndPurchasesAllPlasticBottles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_CocaColaRefreshmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_CocaColaRefreshmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_CocaColaBottlerSalesAndServicesCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionPaymentsAsAdministrationFeesToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_SouthAtlanticCannersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartyTransactionManagementFeesEarned'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtGuaranteeForRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_SoutheasternMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtGuaranteeForRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_LeaseHlpSpcMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RelatedPartiesRentalPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=coke_BeaconInvestmentCorporationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=coke_ComprehensiveBeverageAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=coke_ProductionAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_invest_InvestmentAxis=coke_SouthAtlanticCannersAndSoutheasternMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_CollateralAssetsHeldRelatedPartiesGuarantees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfFinancingCostsAndDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfDeferredHedgeGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfSeniorDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PaymentOfContingentConsiderationOfAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsIncurred'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalizationEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfClassesOfCommonStockOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfVotesPerShareOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalizationEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfVotesPerShareOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PerformanceUnitsAwardsSettledInCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalizationEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PerformanceUnitsAwardsSettledInCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SubsidiaryIntercompanyInterestRateOverAverageCostOfFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OutstandingBalanceSubsidiaryIntercompanyBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DepreciationExpenseAdjustmentForChangeInUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EarningsPerShareBasicAdjustmentForDepreciationExpenseReductionFromChangeInUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EarningsPerShareDilutedAdjustmentForDepreciationExpenseReductionFromChangeInUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EarningsPerShareBasicAdjustmentForDepreciationExpenseReductionFromChangeInUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EarningsPerShareDilutedAdjustmentForDepreciationExpenseReductionFromChangeInUsefulLives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsContingenciesAndGuaranteesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OrganizationPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancingReceivableAllowanceForCreditLossesPolicyForUncollectibleAmounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InternalUseSoftwarePolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_FranchiseRightsAndGoodwillPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsFiniteLivedPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_LiabilityForContingentConsiderationPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MarketingProgramsAndSalesIncentivesPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MarketingFundingSupportPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RiskManagementProgramsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfSalesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxUncertaintiesPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SalesInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=coke_FranchisedNonalcoholicBeveragesAndInternallyDevelopedNonalcoholicBeveragesSegmentsAggregatedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SalesInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_SalesInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLossRecognizedInBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OtherComprehensiveIncomePostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPostretirementBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OtherComprehensiveIncomeGainLossPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostsCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_DomesticLargeCapitalizationEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_DomesticSmallOrMidCapitalizationEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_ForeignEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis=coke_NetPensionActivityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis=coke_NetPensionActivityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis=coke_NetPostretirementBenefitsActivityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis=coke_NetPostretirementBenefitsActivityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLocationAxis=coke_ForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParent1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ConcentrationRiskPercentageOfRelatedPartyProductsVolumeToCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ConcentrationRiskPercentageOfOtherBeverageCompaniesProductsVolumeToCustomers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfDomesticSupplierOfAluminumCans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfEntitiesInWhichReportingEntityIsShareholderAndPurchasesAllPlasticBottles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LaborForceConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LaborForceConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ConcentrationOfRiskNumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreementsExpiredDuringFiscalYearAndNewAgreementsEnteredIntoDuringFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LaborForceConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ConcentrationOfRiskNumberOfCollectiveBargainingAgreementsThatWillExpireDuringNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueProductLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueProductLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueProductLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueProductLineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfOtherConcentrationRiskMajorCustomersRepresentingMoreThanTenPercentOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationAccrual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityIncreaseDecreaseAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOptionQualitativeDisclosuresRelatedToElectionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityIncreaseDecreaseAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesInvestmentInNoncontrolledAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTaxDeferredIncome'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseDeferredFinancingCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DeferredTaxAssetsContingentConsideration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLeaseAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsRestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensionUnion'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsAndOtherReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedFranchiseRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EquityBeforeTreasuryStockAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockTransactionsExcludingValueOfSharesReissuedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=coke_NonconvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockTransactionsExcludingValueOfSharesReissuedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermPurchaseCommitmentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=coke_SoutheasternMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MinimumPercentagePurchaseObligationForPlasticBottlesInCertainTerritories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MaximumAggregateExposureOfDebtGuarantees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MaximumAggregateExposureOfDebtGuaranteesAndEquityInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfYearsReportingEntityPurchasingPlasticBottles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=coke_SouthAtlanticCannersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_UnrecordedUnconditionalObligationToPurchaseMinimumQuantityOfFinishedProduct'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MaximumAggregateExposureOfDebtGuarantees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MaximumAggregateExposureOfDebtGuaranteesAndEquityInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfYearsReportingEntityPurchasingFinishedProducts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesByNatureOfContingencyAxis=coke_SouthAtlanticCannersAndSoutheasternMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtGuaranteeForRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsCollateralHeldDirectlyOrByThirdParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_FranchiseRightsAndGoodwillTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_JohnsonCityAndMorristownTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_KnoxvilleTennesseeTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionEffectiveDateOfAcquisition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueLow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsRangeOfOutcomesValueHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationArrangementsChangeInAmountOfContingentConsiderationLiability1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromBusinessesAndInterestInAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPostretirementHealthCoverageMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesInFinancialStatementsOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_TransportationEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=coke_ColdDrinkDispensingEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdsAndLeaseholdImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LandMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowElementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsAndOtherReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDueToRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInEmployeeRelatedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentAssetsAndLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=coke_OperatingAndCapitalLeasesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInSecondYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInThirdYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFourthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueAfterFifthYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesLesseeBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassAccumulatedDeprecation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesBalanceSheetAssetsByMajorClassNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasedAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NoncashChargeForVoluntaryLumpSumPensionSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_DistributionRightsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=coke_ClevelandAndCookevilleTerritoryAcquisitionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetFundedStatusTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfChangesInBenefitObligationsForPostretirementBenefitPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfChangesInFairValueOfPlanAssetsForPostretirementBenefitsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetForPostretirementBenefitsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicCostsForPostretirementBenefitsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedForPostretirementBenefitsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetPeriodicBenefitCostNotYetRecognizedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMultiemployerPlansTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 1px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherLiabilitiesDisclosureNoncurrentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseMinimumRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseContingentRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligationPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DebtSecuritiesComprisedNumberOfInstitutionalBond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_WeightedAverageDurationOfInstitutionalBond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_LikelyLiabilityWithdrawalFromMultiEmployerPensionPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MultiemployerPlansStatusGreenZoneMinimumFundedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MultiemployerPlansListingInPensionFundsMinimumContributionReckoningPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MultiemployerPensionPlanExitLiabilityRecorded'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MultiEmployerPensionPlanExitAnnualPaymentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansPlanContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_DomesticLargeCapitalizationEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_DomesticSmallOrMidCapitalizationEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=coke_ForeignEquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_DebtSecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocationsRangeMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanByPlanAssetCategoriesAxis=us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=coke_RehabilitationPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MultiEmployerPensionPlanAdoptionEffectiveDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_EffectiveDateOfCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=coke_EmployerTeamstersAndPensionTrustFundMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanNameAxis=coke_OtherMultiEmployerPlansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansCollectiveBargainingArrangementExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_SavingsPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMaximumMatchingContributionPercentMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPercentagePortionOfParticipantsContributionFirstMatchedByCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionOptionalAdditionalMatchingPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_PreMedicareMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_PostMedicareMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanYearThatRateReachesUltimateTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PensionPlansPostretirementAndOtherEmployeeBenefitsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockNumberOfSharesHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_ConvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=coke_NonconvertiblePreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockNumberOfSharesHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationMinorityInterestIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IncomeTaxReconciliationCapitalLossCarryOver'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseMealsAndEntertainment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_AccountsReceivableCollectionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfNonunionNoncontributoryPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfUnionNoncontributoryPensionPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ThresholdForRecognizingTaxBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MarketingCostsIncludedAsDeductionsToNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfVotesPerShareOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PercentageControlOfVotingPowerHeldByHoldersOfClassBCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockConversionBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=coke_BeveragesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ServiceRevenuePercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_AllOtherSegmentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_FreightRevenuePercentageOfNetSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_TermOfPerformanceUnitAwardAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_PerformanceUnitForCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_AnnualPerformanceUnitsGranted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_MaximumGoalAchievementPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumberOfVotesPerShareOfStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitsPayableNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationContingentConsiderationLiabilityNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwillAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncreaseDecreaseDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumeratorForBasicAndDilutedNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumeratorForBasicNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumeratorForDilutedNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DenominatorForBasicNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DenominatorForDilutedNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumeratorForBasicNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NumeratorForDilutedNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DenominatorForBasicNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_DenominatorForDilutedNetIncomePerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=coke_CommonClassUndefinedMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductionsCreditedToExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RefundRelatedToTradeMarketingFundPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_RefundNetOfTaxRelatedToTradeMarketingFundPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ImpactOnEarningsPerShareBasicFromRefundRelatedToTradeMarketingFundPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ImpactOnEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=coke_FranchiseTerritoryExpansionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeBeforeTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeAfterTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ImpactOnEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=coke_LumpSumPensionDistributionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeBeforeTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeAfterTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ImpactOnEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContingentConsiderationByTypeAxis=coke_BusinessAcquisitionContingentConsiderationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeBeforeTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_NetIncomeAfterTaxQuarterlyFinancialData'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_coke_ImpactOnEarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WORD-SPACING: 0px; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_PensionPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansDisclosuresDefinedBenefitPlansAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'

