

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000021344-13-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		30
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130227
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COCA COLA CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000021344
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		IRS NUMBER:				580628465
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02217
		FILM NUMBER:		13645684
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COCA COLA PLAZA
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30313
		BUSINESS PHONE:		404-676-2121
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE COCA COLA PLAZA
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30313












		


Washington
December&#160;31
Atlanta
Registrant's telephone number
COMMON STOCK
Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation&#160;S-K (&#167;&#160;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of Registrant's knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
The aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant (assuming for these purposes
 but without conceding
June&#160;29
 2012
 the last business day of the Registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter
 was $167
103
981
The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant's Common Stock as of February 25
 2013
 was 4
456
717
April&#160;24
 2013
Market for Registrant's Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This report contains information that may constitute forward-looking statements. Generally
 the words believe, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, project, will and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements
 which generally are not historical in nature. However
 the absence of these words or similar expressions does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. All statements that address operating performance
 events or developments that we expect or anticipate will occur in the future&#160;&#8212; including statements relating to volume growth
 share of sales and earnings per share growth
 and statements expressing general views about future operating results&#160;&#8212; are forward-looking statements. Management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made. However
 caution should be taken not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements because such statements speak only as of the date when made. Our Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise
 except as required by law. In addition
 forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our Company's historical experience and our present expectations or projections. These risks and uncertainties include
 but are not limited to
 those described in Part&#160;I
In this report
The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company. We own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic beverage brands
 primarily sparkling beverages but also a variety of still beverages such as waters
 enhanced waters
 juices and juice drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and energy and sports drinks. We own and market four of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola
 Diet Coke
 Fanta and Sprite. Finished beverage products bearing our trademarks
 sold in the United States since 1886
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations as well as independent bottling partners
 distributors
 wholesalers and retailers&#160;&#8212; the world's largest beverage distribution system. Of the approximately 57&#160;billion beverage servings of all types consumed worldwide every day
We believe that our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of options to meet their desires
 needs and lifestyle choices. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively
Our goal is to use our Company's assets&#160;&#8212; our brands
 financial strength
 unrivaled distribution system
 global reach
On October&#160;2
 2010
 we acquired the former North America business of Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. (CCE)
 one of our major bottlers
 consisting of CCE's production
 sales and distribution operations in the United States
 Canada
 the British Virgin Islands
 the United States Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands
 and a substantial majority of CCE's corporate segment. CCE shareowners other than the Company exchanged their CCE common stock for common stock in a new entity named Coca-Cola Enterprises
&#160;Inc. (New CCE)
 which
 after the closing of the transaction
 continued to hold the European operations that had been held by CCE prior to the acquisition. The Company does not have any ownership interest in New CCE. Upon completion of the CCE transaction
 we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 into a unified bottling and customer service organization called Coca-Cola Refreshments (CCR). In addition
 we reshaped our remaining Coca-Cola North America (CCNA) operations into an organization that primarily provides franchise leadership and consumer marketing and innovation for the North American market. As a result of the transaction and related reorganization
 our North American businesses operate as aligned and agile organizations with distinct capabilities
In contemplation of the closing of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we reached an agreement with Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
&#160;Inc. (DPS) to distribute certain DPS brands in territories where DPS brands had been distributed by CCE prior to the CCE transaction. Under the terms of our agreement with DPS
 concurrently with the closing of the CCE transaction
 we entered into license agreements with DPS to distribute Dr&#160;Pepper trademark brands in the United States
 Canada Dry in the Northeastern United States
 and Canada Dry and C' Plus in Canada
 and we made a net one-time cash payment of $715&#160;million to DPS. Under the license agreements
 the Company agreed to meet certain performance obligations to distribute DPS products in retail and foodservice accounts and vending machines. The license agreements have initial terms of 20&#160;years
 with automatic 20-year renewal periods unless otherwise terminated under the terms of the agreements. The license agreements replaced agreements between DPS and CCE existing immediately prior to the completion of the CCE transaction. In addition
On October&#160;2
 2010
 we sold all of our ownership interests in Coca-Cola Drikker AS (the Norwegian bottling operation) and Coca-Cola Drycker Sverige AB (the Swedish bottling operation) to New CCE for $0.9&#160;billion in cash. In addition
 in connection with the acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we granted to New CCE the right to negotiate the acquisition of our majority interest in our German bottler at any time from 18 to 39&#160;months after February&#160;25
 2010
December&#160;31
 2012
 our operating structure included the following operating segments
Our North America operating segment includes CCE's former North America business we acquired on October&#160;2
 2010. Effective January 1
 2013
Except to the extent that differences among operating segments are material to an understanding of our business taken as a whole
For financial information about our operating segments and geographic areas
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements set forth in Part&#160;II
 Item&#160;8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report
 incorporated herein by reference. For certain risks attendant to our non-U.S. operations
concentrates means flavoring ingredients and
 depending on the product
 sweeteners used to prepare syrups or finished beverages
syrups means beverage ingredients produced by combining concentrates and
 depending on the product
fountain syrups means syrups that are sold to fountain retailers
 such as restaurants and convenience stores
sparkling beverages means nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages with carbonation
still beverages means nonalcoholic beverages without carbonation
 including noncarbonated waters
 flavored waters and enhanced waters
 noncarbonated energy drinks
 juices and juice drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages or Trademark Coca-Cola means beverages bearing the trademark Coca-Cola or any trademark that includes Coca-Cola or Coke (that is
 Coca-Cola
 Diet Coke and Coca-Cola Zero and all their variations and line extensions
 including Coca-Cola Light
 caffeine free Diet Coke
 Cherry Coke
 etc.). Likewise
 when we use the capitalized word Trademark together with the name of one of our other beverage products (such as Trademark Fanta, Trademark Sprite or Trademark Simply)
 we mean beverages bearing the indicated trademark (that is
 Fanta
 Sprite or Simply
 respectively) and all its variations and line extensions (such that Trademark Fanta includes Fanta Orange
 Fanta Zero Orange
 Fanta Apple
 etc.; Trademark Sprite includes Sprite
 Diet Sprite
 Sprite Zero
 Sprite Light
 etc.; and Trademark Simply includes Simply Orange
 Simply Apple
 Simply Grapefruit
Our Company markets
beverage concentrates
 sometimes referred to as beverage bases, and syrups
Generally
In our concentrate operations
 we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations (to which we typically refer as our bottlers or our bottling partners). Our bottling partners either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product)
 still water and/or sparkling water
 or combine the syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us&#160;&#8212; such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles&#160;&#8212; and are then sold to retailers directly or
 in some cases
 through wholesalers or other bottlers. Outside the United States
 we also sell concentrates for fountain beverages to our bottling partners who are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups
 which they sell to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores which use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
Our finished product operations consist primarily of the production
 sales and distribution operations managed by CCR and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations. CCR is included in our North America operating segment
 and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages
 such as juices and juice drinks
 energy and sports drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and certain water products
 to retailers or to distributors
 wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition
 in the United States
 we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers
 such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. In the United States
For information about net operating revenues and unit case volume related to our concentrate operations and finished product operations
 respectively
 refer to the heading Our Business&#160;&#8212; General in Part&#160;II
 Item&#160;7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report
Most of our branded beverage products
 particularly outside of North America
 are manufactured
 sold and distributed by independent bottling partners. However
 from time to time we acquire or take control of bottling or canning operations
 often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. Owning such a controlling interest enables us to compensate for limited local resources; help focus the bottler's sales and marketing programs; assist in the development of the bottler's business and information systems; and establish an appropriate capital structure for the bottler. The Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations
 other than those managed by CCR
In line with our long-term bottling strategy
 we may periodically consider options for reducing our ownership interest in a Bottling Investments group bottler. One such option is to combine our bottling interests with the bottling interests of others to form strategic business alliances. Another option is to sell our interest in a bottling operation to one of our other bottling partners in which we have an equity method investment. In both of these situations
The Company manufactures
In addition
 pursuant to master distribution and coordination agreements with Monster Beverage Corporation (&#8220;Monster&#8221;)
 we distribute certain Monster brands
 primarily Monster Energy beverages
 in designated territories in the United States and Canada
 and certain of our bottlers distribute such Monster brands in designated U.S. and international territories. Pursuant to license agreements with DPS
 we distribute certain DPS brands in designated territories in the United States and Canada. Prior to and during 2012
 we also distributed Nestea products in the United States under a sublicense from a subsidiary of Nestl&#233;&#160;S.A. (Nestl&#233;)
 and in various other markets worldwide through Beverage Partners Worldwide (BPW)
 the Company's joint venture with Nestl&#233;. The Nestea trademark is owned by Soci&#233;t&#233; des Produits Nestl&#233;&#160;S.A. The Company and Nestl&#233; terminated the sublicense agreement for Nestea in the United States and phased out the BPW joint venture in all territories other than markets in Europe
 Canada
 Australia
 Hong Kong
In 2012
 the Company invested in the beverage business of Aujan Industries Company J.S.C. (Aujan)
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East. As a result of this transaction
 the Company acquired 50 percent of the Aujan entity that holds the rights to Aujan-owned brands
 including Rani
 a juice brand
 and Barbican
 a flavored malt beverage brand
Consumer demand determines the optimal menu of Company product offerings. Consumer demand can vary from one locale to another and can change over time within a single locale. Employing our business strategy
 and with special focus on core brands
 our Company seeks to build its existing brands and
 at the same time
 to broaden its historical family of brands
During 2012
 our Company introduced a variety of new brands
 brand extensions and new beverage products. The Company launched Fuze Tea
 a new international tea brand
 in 24 countries. In the Latin America group
 leveraging our existing portfolio
 we launched Andina Del Valle Sabores Caseros
 a juice nectar targeted to capture the homemade juice category
two extension flavors of&#160;Del Valle juice (Del Valle Maracuy&#225; &amp; Nada and Del Valle Lim&#243;n &amp; Nada) in Brazil. The introduction of the new Fuze Tea brand in the Latin America group was successful
 and we captured consumer brand preference in key countries such as Chile
 Mexico
 Costa Rica
 Colombia
 Ecuador and El Salvador. In addition
 we launched Glac&#233;au Vitaminwater in Chile and Colombia
 and launched Blak Coffee in Costa Rica and Colombia. In the Pacific group
 we launched Fuze Tea
 a fruit-flavored black tea beverage
 in Korea and Mongolia.&#160;In China
 we introduced a new 300 mL PET pack for Coca-Cola
 Fanta and Sprite sparkling beverages
 and Guo Qing Xin
 a fruit-flavored beverage
 under the Minute Maid brand. In Japan
 we introduced Mate Cha
 a mate tea inspired by the traditional South American tea drink. In the Europe group
 we were very active on product launches containing stevia
 a non-nutritive sweetener. Numerous tea formulations under the Nestea brand were rolled out across the European continent
In furtherance of our commitments to sustainability and innovation
 our PlantBottle&#8482; packaging technology
 which is PET plastic that contains up to 30 percent renewable material from plants
 is becoming more widely used around the world. By the end of 2012
 we had distributed nearly 13 billion PlantBottle packages in 24 countries. Also
 in 2012
 we continued expansion of Coca-Cola Freestyle
 our revolutionary fountain dispenser that offers over 100 drink choices at the touch of a button
We measure the volume of Company beverage products sold in two ways: (1)&#160;unit cases of finished products and (2)&#160;concentrate sales. As used in this report
 unit case means a unit of measurement equal to 192 U.S. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and unit case volume means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners (the Coca-Cola system) to customers. Unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing Company trademarks. Also included in unit case volume are certain products licensed to
 or distributed by
 our Company
 and brands owned by Coca-Cola system bottlers for which our Company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. In addition
 unit case volume includes sales by joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest. We believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the Company from its bottling partners and distributors. Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by
 or used in finished beverages sold by
 the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. Factors such as seasonality
 bottlers' inventory practices
 supply point changes
 timing of price increases
 new product introductions and changes in product mix can impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. In addition to the items mentioned above
 the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures
 in which the Company has an equity interest
 but to which the Company does not sell concentrates or syrups
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers in more than 200 countries through our network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations as well as independent bottling partners
 distributors
 wholesalers and retailers&#160;&#8212; the world's largest beverage distribution system. Consumers enjoy finished beverage products bearing our trademarks at a rate of more than 1.8&#160;billion servings each day. We continue to expand our marketing presence and increase our unit case volume in developed
 developing and emerging markets. Our strong and stable system helps us to capture growth by manufacturing
 distributing and marketing existing
The Coca-Cola system sold approximately 27.7 billion
 26.7 billion and 25.5&#160;billion unit cases of our products in 
 
 respectively. The number of unit cases sold in 2012 does not include BPW unit case volume for those countries in which BPW was phased out in 2012
 nor does it include unit case volume of products distributed in the United States under a sublicense from a subsidiary of Nestl&#233; which terminated at the end of 2012. Sparkling beverages represented approximately 75&#160;percent
 75&#160;percent and 76&#160;percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 
 
 respectively. Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages accounted for approximately 48&#160;percent
 49&#160;percent and 50&#160;percent of our worldwide unit case volume for 
 
 respectively.
 unit case volume in the United States (U.S. unit case volume) represented approximately 19&#160;percent of the Company's worldwide unit case volume. Of the U.S. unit case volume for 
&#32;were Mexico
 China
 Brazil and Japan
 which together accounted for approximately 31&#160;percent of our worldwide unit case volume. Of the non-U.S. unit case volume for 
In our concentrate operations
 we typically sell concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners
 who use the concentrate to manufacture finished products which they sell to distributors and other customers. Separate contracts (Bottler's Agreements) exist between our Company and each of our bottling partners regarding the manufacture and sale of Company products. Subject to specified terms and conditions and certain variations
 the Bottler's Agreements generally authorize the bottlers to prepare specified Company Trademark Beverages
 to package the same in authorized containers
 and to distribute and sell the same in (but
 subject to applicable local law
 generally only in) an identified territory. The bottler is obligated to purchase its entire requirement of concentrates or syrups for the designated Company Trademark Beverages from the Company or Company-authorized suppliers. We typically agree to refrain from selling or distributing
 or from authorizing third parties to sell or distribute
 the designated Company Trademark Beverages throughout the identified territory in the particular authorized containers; however
 we typically reserve for ourselves or our designee the right (1)&#160;to prepare and package such beverages in such containers in the territory for sale outside the territory
 and (2)&#160;to prepare
 package
While
 as described below
 under most of our Bottler's Agreements we generally have complete flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of the concentrates and syrups we sell to our bottlers
 as a practical matter
 our Company's ability to exercise its contractual flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of its syrups
 concentrates and finished beverages is subject
 both outside and within the United States
The Bottler's Agreements between us and our authorized bottlers outside the United States generally are of stated duration
 subject in some cases to possible extensions or renewals of the term of the contract. Generally
In certain parts of the world outside the United States
 we have not granted comprehensive beverage production rights to the bottlers. In such instances
 we or our authorized suppliers sell Company Trademark Beverages to the bottlers for sale and distribution throughout the designated territory
 often on a nonexclusive basis. Most of the Bottler's Agreements in force between us and bottlers outside the United States authorize the bottlers to manufacture and distribute fountain syrups
Our Company generally has complete flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of the concentrates and syrups we sell to bottlers outside the United States. In some instances
 however
 we have agreed or may in the future agree with a bottler with respect to concentrate pricing on a prospective basis for specified time periods. In some markets
 in an effort to allow our Company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value
 aligned incentives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes
 we worked with our bottling partners to develop and implement an incidence-based pricing model for sparkling and still beverages. Under this model
 the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 bottler pricing
 the channels in which the finished products are sold and package mix. Outside the United States
 in most cases
 we have no obligation to provide marketing support to the bottlers. Nevertheless
 we may
 at our discretion
December&#160;31
 2012
 CCR
 our bottling and customer service organization for North America
 manufactured
In the United States
 with certain very limited exceptions
 the Bottler's Agreements for Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored beverages have no stated expiration date. Our standard contracts for other sparkling beverage flavors and for still beverages are of stated duration
Under the terms of the Bottler's Agreements
 bottlers in the United States are authorized to manufacture and distribute Company Trademark Beverages in bottles and cans. However
 these bottlers generally are not authorized to manufacture fountain syrups. Rather
 in the United States
Certain of the Bottler's Agreements for cola-flavored sparkling beverages in effect in the United States give us complete flexibility to determine the price and other terms of sale of concentrates and syrups for Company Trademark Beverages. In some instances
 we have agreed or may in the future agree with a bottler with respect to concentrate pricing on a prospective basis for specified time periods. Certain Bottler's Agreements
 entered into prior to 1987
&#32;have contracts for certain Trademark Coca-Cola Beverages and other cola-flavored Company Trademark Beverages with pricing formulas that generally provide for a baseline price. This baseline price may be adjusted periodically by the Company
 up to a maximum indexed ceiling price
 and is adjusted quarterly based upon changes in certain sugar or sweetener prices
&#32;operate under our oldest form of contract
We have standard contracts with bottlers in the United States for the sale of concentrates and syrups for non-cola-flavored sparkling beverages and certain still beverages in bottles and cans
 and
 in certain cases
In an effort to allow our Company and our bottling partners to grow together through shared value
 aligned incentives and the flexibility necessary to meet consumers' always changing needs and tastes
 we worked with bottling partners that produce and distribute most of our non-CCR unit case volume in the United States to develop and implement an incidence-based pricing model
 primarily for sparkling beverages. Under this model
 the concentrate price we charge is impacted by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 bottler pricing
Under most of our Bottler's Agreements and other standard beverage contracts with bottlers in the United States
 our Company has no obligation to participate with bottlers in expenditures for advertising and marketing. Nevertheless
 at our discretion
In addition to conducting our own independent advertising and marketing activities
 we may provide promotional and marketing services or funds to our bottlers. In most cases
 we do this on a discretionary basis under the terms of commitment letters or agreements
 even though we are not obligated to do so under the terms of the bottling or distribution agreements between our Company and the bottlers. Also
 on a discretionary basis in most cases
 our Company may develop and introduce new products
 packages and equipment to assist the bottlers. Likewise
 in many instances
 we provide promotional and marketing services and/or funds and/or dispensing equipment and repair services to fountain and bottle/can retailers
 typically pursuant to marketing agreements. The aggregate amount of funds provided by our Company to bottlers
 resellers or other customers of our Company's products
 principally for participation in promotional and marketing programs
We make equity investments in selected bottling operations with the intention of maximizing the strength and efficiency of the Coca-Cola system's production
 distribution and marketing capabilities around the world. These investments are intended to result in increases in unit case volume
 net revenues and profits at the bottler level
 which in turn generate increased concentrate sales for our Company's concentrate and syrup business. When this occurs
 both we and our bottling partners benefit from long-term growth in volume
 improved cash flows and increased shareowner value. In cases where our investments in bottlers represent noncontrolling interests
 our intention is to provide expertise and resources to strengthen those businesses. When our equity investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee bottler's operating and financial policies
 we account for the investment under the equity method
Coca-Cola FEMSA
December&#160;31
. Coca-Cola Hellenic has bottling and distribution rights
 through direct ownership or joint ventures
 in Armenia
 Austria
 Belarus
 Bosnia-Herzegovina
 Bulgaria
 Croatia
 Cyprus
 the Czech Republic
 Estonia
 the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
 Greece
 Hungary
 Italy
 Latvia
 Lithuania
 Moldova
 Montenegro
 Nigeria
 Northern Ireland
 Poland
 Republic of Ireland
 Romania
 Russia
 Serbia
 Slovakia
 Slovenia
 Switzerland and Ukraine. Coca-Cola Hellenic estimates that the area in these 28 countries which it serves through its bottling and distribution rights has a combined population of 581 million people. In 
December&#160;31
. Coca-Cola FEMSA is a Mexican holding company with bottling subsidiaries in a substantial part of central Mexico
 including Mexico City and the southeast and northeast parts of Mexico; greater S&#227;o Paulo
 Campinas
 Santos
 the state of Matto Grosso do Sul
 part of the state of Minas Gerais and part of the state of Goias in Brazil; central Guatemala; most of Colombia; all of Costa Rica
 Nicaragua
 Panama and Venezuela; and greater Buenos Aires
 Argentina. Coca-Cola FEMSA estimates that the territories in which it markets beverage products contain 55&#160;percent of the population of Mexico
 22&#160;percent of the population of Brazil
 99&#160;percent of the population of Colombia
 35&#160;percent of the population of Guatemala
 100&#160;percent of the populations of Costa Rica
 Nicaragua
 Panama and Venezuela
 and 32&#160;percent of the population of Argentina. In 
December&#160;31
. Coca-Cola Amatil has bottling and distribution rights
 through direct ownership or joint ventures
 in Australia
 New Zealand
 Fiji
 Papua New Guinea and Indonesia. Coca-Cola Amatil estimates that the territories in which it markets beverage products contain 100 percent of the populations of Australia
 New Zealand
 Fiji and Papua New Guinea
 and 98 percent of the population of Indonesia. In 
Sales of our nonalcoholic ready-to-drink beverages are somewhat seasonal
Our Company competes in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive
 consisting of numerous companies. These include companies that
 like our Company
 compete in multiple geographic areas
 as well as businesses that are primarily regional or local in operation. Competitive products include numerous nonalcoholic sparkling beverages; various water products
 including packaged
 flavored and enhanced waters; juices and nectars; fruit drinks and dilutables (including syrups and powdered drinks); coffees and teas; energy and sports and other performance-enhancing drinks; dairy-based drinks; functional beverages; and various other nonalcoholic beverages. These competitive beverages are sold to consumers in both ready-to-drink and other than ready-to-drink form. In many of the countries in which we do business
 including the United States
 PepsiCo
&#160;Inc. is one of our primary competitors. Other significant competitors include
 but are not limited to
 Nestl&#233;
 DPS
 Groupe Danone
 Kraft Foods&#160;Group
 Inc.
 and Unilever. In certain markets
 our competition includes beer companies. We also compete against numerous regional and local companies and
 in some markets
Competitive factors impacting our business include
 but are not limited to
 pricing
 advertising
 sales promotion programs
 product innovation
 increased efficiency in production techniques
 the introduction of new packaging
 new vending and dispensing equipment
Our competitive strengths include leading brands with high levels of consumer acceptance; a worldwide network of bottlers and distributors of Company products; sophisticated marketing capabilities; and a talented group of dedicated associates. Our competitive challenges include strong competition in all geographic regions and
 in many countries
 a concentrated retail sector with powerful buyers able to freely choose among Company products
Water is a main ingredient in substantially all of our products. While historically we have not experienced significant water supply difficulties
 water is a limited natural resource in many parts of the world
 and our Company recognizes water availability
 quality and sustainability
 for both our operations and also the communities where we operate
In addition to water
 the principal raw materials used in our business are nutritive and non-nutritive sweeteners. In the United States
 the principal nutritive sweetener is high fructose corn syrup (HFCS)
 a form of sugar
 which is available from numerous domestic sources and is historically subject to fluctuations in its market price. The principal nutritive sweetener used by our business outside the United States is sucrose
 another form of sugar
 which is also available from numerous sources and is historically subject to fluctuations in its market price. Our Company generally has not experienced any difficulties in obtaining its requirements for nutritive sweeteners. In the United States
 we purchase HFCS to meet our and our bottlers' requirements with the assistance of Coca-Cola Bottlers' Sales&#160;&amp; Services Company&#160;LLC (CCBSS). CCBSS is a limited liability company that is owned by authorized Coca-Cola bottlers doing business in the United States. Among other things
 CCBSS provides procurement services to our Company for the purchase of various goods and services in the United States
The principal non-nutritive sweeteners we use in our business are aspartame
 acesulfame potassium
 saccharin
 cyclamate and sucralose. Generally
 these raw materials are readily available from numerous sources. However
 our Company purchases aspartame
 an important non-nutritive sweetener that is used alone or in combination with other important non-nutritive sweeteners such as saccharin or acesulfame potassium in our low-calorie sparkling beverage products
 primarily from The NutraSweet Company and Ajinomoto&#160;Co.
&#160;Inc.
 which we consider to be our primary sources for the supply of this product. We currently purchase acesulfame potassium from Nutrinova Nutrition Specialties&#160;&amp; Food Ingredients&#160;GmbH
 which we consider to be our primary source for the supply of this product
Our Company sells a number of products sweetened with sucralose
 a non-nutritive sweetener. We work closely with Tate&#160;&amp; Lyle PLC
 our primary sucralose supplier
 to maintain continuity of supply
With regard to juice and juice drink products
 juice and juice concentrate from various fruits
 particularly orange juice and orange juice concentrate
 are our principal raw materials. The citrus industry is subject to the variability of weather conditions. In particular
 freezing weather or hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. We source our orange juice and orange juice concentrate primarily from Florida and the Southern Hemisphere (particularly Brazil). Therefore
Our Company-owned or consolidated bottling and canning operations and our finished product business also purchase various other raw materials including
 but not limited to
 PET resin
Patents
 Copyrights
Our Company owns numerous patents
 copyrights and trade secrets
 as well as substantial know-how and technology
We own numerous trademarks that are very important to our business. Depending upon the jurisdiction
 trademarks are valid as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained. Pursuant to our Bottler's Agreements
 we authorize our bottlers to use applicable Company trademarks in connection with their manufacture
 sale and distribution of Company products. In addition
Our Company is required to comply
 and it is our policy to comply
 with all applicable laws in the numerous countries throughout the world in which we do business. In many jurisdictions
 compliance with competition laws is of special importance to us
In the United States
 the safety
 production
 transportation
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling and sale of many of our Company's products and their ingredients are subject to the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; state consumer protection laws; competition laws; federal
 state and local workplace health and safety laws; various federal
 state and local environmental protection laws; and various other federal
 state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States
 our business is subject to numerous similar statutes and regulations
A California law known as Proposition 65 requires that a warning appear on any product sold in California that contains a substance that
 in the view of the state
 causes cancer or birth defects. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently
 the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However
One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 lists
 or that may be added in the future
 can be detected in Company products at low levels that are safe. With respect to substances that have not yet been listed under Proposition 65
 the Company takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. With respect to substances that are already listed
 the Company takes the position that the presence of each such substance in Company products is subject to an applicable exemption from the warning requirement. The State of California or other parties
 however
Bottlers of our beverage products presently offer and use nonrefillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and various other markets around the world. Some of these bottlers also offer and use refillable containers
 which are also recyclable. Legal requirements apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain nonrefillable beverage containers. The precise requirements imposed by these measures vary. Other types of statutes and regulations relating to beverage container deposits
 recycling
 ecotaxes and/or product stewardship also apply in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas. We anticipate that additional
 similar legal requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future at local
 state and federal levels
All of our Company's facilities and other operations in the United States and elsewhere around the world are subject to various environmental protection statutes and regulations
 including those relating to the use of water resources and the discharge of wastewater. Our policy is to comply with all such legal requirements. Compliance with these provisions has not had
 and we do not expect such compliance to have
 any material adverse effect on our Company's capital expenditures
December&#160;31
 2012
150
&#32;and 146
200 employees
 respectively
 of which approximately 4
400 and 4
700
 respectively
&#32;was primarily due to the acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
 Cambodia
December&#160;31
 2012
68
&#32;and 67
400 employees
 respectively
 located in the United States
 of which approximately 500 and 600
 respectively
Our Company
 through its divisions and subsidiaries
December&#160;31
 2012
17
We make available on or through our website certain reports and amendments to those reports that we file with or furnish to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) in accordance with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act). These include our annual reports on Form&#160;10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form&#160;10-Q and our current reports on Form&#160;8-K. We make this information available on our website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the information with
 or furnish it to
In addition to the other information set forth in this report
 you should carefully consider the following factors
 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Consumers
 public health officials and government officials are highly concerned about the public health consequences associated with obesity
 particularly among young people. In addition
 some researchers
 health advocates and dietary guidelines are encouraging consumers to reduce consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages
 including those sweetened with HFCS or other nutritive sweeteners. Increasing public concern about these issues; possible new taxes on sugar-sweetened beverages; additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing
 labeling
 packaging or sale of our beverages; and negative publicity resulting from actual or threatened legal actions against us or other companies in our industry relating to the marketing
 labeling or sale of sugar-sweetened beverages may reduce demand for our beverages
Water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products and is needed to produce the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies. It is also a limited resource in many parts of the world
 facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation
 increasing pollution
 poor management and climate change. As demand for water continues to increase around the world
 and as water becomes scarcer and the quality of available water deteriorates
The nonalcoholic beverage business environment is rapidly evolving as a result of
 among other things
 changes in consumer preferences
 including changes based on health and nutrition considerations and obesity concerns; shifting consumer tastes and needs; changes in consumer lifestyles; and competitive product and pricing pressures. In addition
 the nonalcoholic beverage retail landscape is very dynamic and constantly evolving
 not only in emerging and developing markets
 where modern trade is growing at a faster pace than traditional trade outlets
 but also in developed markets
 where discounters and value stores
 as well as the volume of transactions through e-commerce
 are growing at a rapid pace. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing environment and retail landscape
 our share of sales
The nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry is highly competitive. We compete with major international beverage companies that
 like our Company
 operate in multiple geographic areas
 as well as numerous companies that are primarily local in operation. In many countries in which we do business
 including the United States
 PepsiCo
&#160;Inc. is a primary competitor. Other significant competitors include
 but are not limited to
 Nestl&#233;
 DPS
 Groupe Danone
 Kraft Foods&#160;Group
 Inc.
 and Unilever. In certain markets
 our competition includes major beer companies. Our beverage products also compete against local or regional brands as well as against private label brands developed by retailers
We and our bottling partners use a number of key ingredients that are derived from agricultural commodities such as sugarcane
 corn
 beets
 citrus
 coffee and tea in the manufacture of beverage products.&#160;Increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities
Our industry is being affected by the trend toward consolidation in the retail channel
 particularly in Europe and the United States. Larger retailers may seek lower prices from us and our bottling partners
 may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures
 and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private label brands
 any of which could negatively affect the Coca-Cola system's profitability. In addition
If we are unable to expand our operations in developing and emerging markets
Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets
 which in turn depends on economic and political conditions in those markets and on our ability to acquire bottling operations in those markets or to form strategic business alliances with local bottlers and to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to production facilities
 distribution networks
 sales equipment and technology. Moreover
 the supply of our products in developing and emerging markets must match consumers' demand for those products. Due to product price
 limited purchasing power and cultural differences
We earn revenues
 pay expenses
 own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar
 including the euro
 the Japanese yen
 the Brazilian real and the Mexican peso. In 2012
 we used 80 functional currencies in addition to the U.S. dollar and derived $28.3 billion of net operating revenues from operations outside the United States. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars
 we must translate revenues
 income and expenses
 as well as assets and liabilities
 into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore
 increases or decreases in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies affect our net operating revenues
 operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. In addition
 unexpected and dramatic devaluations of currencies in developing or emerging markets could negatively affect the value of our earnings from
 and of the assets located in
 those markets. Because of the geographic diversity of our operations
 weaknesses in some currencies might be offset by strengths in others over time. We also use derivative financial instruments to further reduce our net exposure to currency exchange rate fluctuations. However
 we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
 particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries
If interest rates increase
We maintain levels of debt that we consider prudent based on our cash flows
 interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. We use debt financing to lower our cost of capital
 which increases our return on shareowners' equity. This exposes us to adverse changes in interest rates. When and to the extent appropriate
 we use derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to interest rate risks. We cannot assure you
 however
 that our financial risk management program will be successful in reducing the risks inherent in exposures to interest rate fluctuations. Our interest expense may also be affected by our credit ratings. In assessing our credit strength
 credit rating agencies consider our capital structure and financial policies as well as the consolidated balance sheet and other financial information for the Company. In addition
 some credit rating agencies also consider financial information of certain of our major bottlers. It is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure; our major bottlers' financial performance; changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength; the credit agencies' perception of the impact of the continuing unfavorable credit conditions on our or our major bottlers' current or future financial performance and financial condition; or for any other reason
 our cost of borrowing could increase. Additionally
 if the credit ratings of certain bottlers in which we have equity method investments were to be downgraded
 such bottlers' interest expense could increase
We rely on our bottling partners for a significant portion of our business. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners
We generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to independent bottling partners. As independent companies
 our bottling partners
 some of which are publicly traded companies
 make their own business decisions that may not always align with our interests. In addition
 many of our bottling partners have the right to manufacture or distribute their own products or certain products of other beverage companies. If we are unable to provide an appropriate mix of incentives to our bottling partners through a combination of pricing and marketing and advertising support
 or if our bottling partners are not satisfied with our brand innovation and development efforts
 they may take actions that
 while maximizing their own short-term profits
 may be detrimental to our Company or our brands
 or they may devote more of their energy and resources to business opportunities or products other than those of the Company. Such actions could
 in the long run
If our bottling partners' financial condition deteriorates
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners and
 therefore
 the success of our business depends on our bottling partners' financial strength and profitability. While under our agreements with our bottling partners we generally have the right to unilaterally change the prices we charge for our concentrates and syrups
 our ability to do so may be materially limited by our bottling partners' financial condition and their ability to pass price increases along to their customers. In addition
 we have investments in certain of our bottling partners
 which we account for under the equity method
 and our operating results include our proportionate share of such bottling partners' income or loss. Our bottling partners' financial condition is affected in large part by conditions and events that are beyond our and their control
 including competitive and general market conditions in the territories in which they operate; the availability of capital and other financing resources on reasonable terms; loss of major customers; or disruptions of bottling operations that may be caused by strikes
 work stoppages
revenues from sales of concentrates and syrups; could result in a decrease in our equity income; and could negatively affect the carrying values of our investments in bottling partners
Increases in income tax rates
We are subject to income tax in the United States and in numerous other jurisdictions in which we generate net operating revenues. Increases in income tax rates could reduce our after-tax income from affected jurisdictions. We earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries. If our capital or financing needs in the United States require us to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions above our current levels
 our effective tax rates for the affected periods could be negatively impacted. In addition
 there have been proposals to reform U.S. tax laws that could significantly impact how U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals will pass
 several of the proposals being considered
 if enacted into law
Our annual tax rate is based on our income and the tax laws in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual income tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable
Our business operations are subject to numerous duties or taxes that are not based on income
 sometimes referred to as indirect taxes, including import duties
 excise taxes
 sales or value-added taxes
 property taxes and payroll taxes
 in many of the jurisdictions in which we operate
 including indirect taxes imposed by state and local governments. In addition
 in the past
 the United States Congress considered imposing a federal excise tax on beverages sweetened with sugar
 HFCS or other nutritive sweeteners and may consider similar proposals in the future. As federal
 state and local governments experience significant budget deficits
 some lawmakers have proposed singling out beverages among a plethora of revenue-raising items. Increases in or the imposition of new indirect taxes on our business operations or products would increase the cost of products or
 to the extent levied directly on consumers
 make our products less affordable
Increase in the cost
CCR
 our North America bottling and customer service organization
 and our Company-owned or -controlled bottlers operate a large fleet of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to customers. In addition
 we use a significant amount of electricity
 natural gas and other energy sources to operate our concentrate plants and the bottling plants and distribution facilities operated by CCR and our Company-owned or -controlled bottlers. An increase in the price
 disruption of supply or shortage of fuel and other energy sources in North America
 in other countries in which we have concentrate plants
 or in any of the major markets in which our Company-owned or -controlled bottlers operate that may be caused by increasing demand or by events such as natural disasters
 power outages
 or the like
Our bottling partners also operate large fleets of trucks and other motor vehicles to distribute and deliver beverage products to their own customers and use a significant amount of electricity
 natural gas and other energy sources to operate their own bottling plants and distribution facilities. Increases in the price
Increase in the cost
 disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients
We and our bottling partners use various ingredients in our business
 including HFCS
 sucrose
 aspartame
 saccharin
 acesulfame potassium
 sucralose
 ascorbic acid
 citric acid
 phosphoric acid and caramel color
 other raw materials such as orange and other fruit juice and juice concentrates
 as well as packaging materials such as PET for bottles and aluminum for cans. The prices for these ingredients
 other raw materials and packaging materials fluctuate depending on market conditions. Substantial increases in the prices of our or our bottling partners' ingredients
 other raw materials and packaging materials
 to the extent they cannot be recouped through increases in the prices of finished beverage products
from a higher cost of ingredients
 other raw materials and packaging materials could affect affordability in some markets and reduce Coca-Cola system sales. In addition
 some of our ingredients
 such as aspartame
 acesulfame potassium
 sucralose
 saccharin and ascorbic acid
 as well as some of the packaging containers
 such as aluminum cans
 are available from a limited number of suppliers
The citrus industry is subject to the variability of weather conditions
 which affect the supply of orange juice and orange juice concentrate
 which are important raw materials for our business. In particular
 freezing weather or hurricanes in central Florida may result in shortages and higher prices for orange juice and orange juice concentrate throughout the industry. In addition
 adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of other agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. For example
 drought conditions in certain parts of the United States may negatively affect the supply of corn
An increase in the cost
 a sustained interruption in the supply
 or a shortage of some of these ingredients
 other raw materials
 packaging materials or cans and other containers that may be caused by a deterioration of our or our bottling partners' relationships with suppliers; by supplier quality and reliability issues; or by events such as natural disasters
 power outages
 labor strikes
 political uncertainties or governmental instability
 or the like
We and our bottlers currently offer nonrefillable
 recyclable containers in the United States and in various other markets around the world. Legal requirements have been enacted in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas requiring that deposits or certain ecotaxes or fees be charged for the sale
 marketing and use of certain nonrefillable beverage containers. Other proposals relating to beverage container deposits
 recycling
 ecotax and/or product stewardship have been introduced in various jurisdictions in the United States and overseas
 and we anticipate that similar legislation or regulations may be proposed in the future at local
 state and federal levels
 both in the United States and elsewhere. Consumers' increased concerns and changing attitudes about solid waste streams and environmental responsibility and the related publicity could result in the adoption of such legislation or regulations. If these types of requirements are adopted and implemented on a large scale in any of the major markets in which we operate
 they could affect our costs or require changes in our distribution model
Various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of certain of our products. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations
 they may inhibit sales of such products. One such law
 which is in effect in California and is known as Proposition 65
 requires that a warning appear on any product sold in California that contains a substance that
 in the view of the state
 causes cancer or birth defects. The state maintains lists of these substances and periodically adds other substances to these lists. Proposition 65 exposes all food and beverage producers to the possibility of having to provide warnings on their products in California because it does not provide for any generally applicable quantitative threshold below which the presence of a listed substance is exempt from the warning requirement. Consequently
 the detection of even a trace amount of a listed substance can subject an affected product to the requirement of a warning label. However
 Proposition 65 does not require a warning if the manufacturer of a product can demonstrate that the use of the product in question exposes consumers to a daily quantity of a listed substance that is below a safe harbor threshold that may be established
 is naturally occurring
 is the result of necessary cooking
 or is subject to another applicable exception. One or more substances that are currently on the Proposition 65 lists
 or that may be added to the lists in the future
 can be detected in Company products at low levels that are safe. With respect to substances that have not yet been listed under Proposition 65
 the Company takes the position that listing is not scientifically justified. With respect to substances that are already listed
 the Company takes the position that the presence of each such substance in Company products is subject to an applicable exemption from the warning requirement. The State of California or other parties
 however
 may take a contrary position. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our beverage products produced for sale in California
If we are unable to protect our information systems against service interruption
 misappropriation of data or breaches of security
We rely on networks and information systems and other technology (information systems)
 including the Internet and third-party hosted services
 to support a variety of business processes and activities
 including procurement and supply chain
 manufacturing
 distribution
 invoicing and collection of payments. We use information systems to process financial information and results of operations for internal reporting purposes and to comply with regulatory financial reporting
 legal and tax requirements. In addition
 we depend on information systems for digital marketing activities and electronic communications among our locations around the world and between Company personnel and our bottlers and other customers
 suppliers and consumers. Because information systems are critical to many of the Company's operating activities
 our business processes may be impacted by system shutdowns or service disruptions. These disruptions may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or user errors
 as well as network or hardware failures
 malicious or disruptive software
 computer hackers
 geopolitical events
 natural disasters
 failures or impairments of telecommunications networks
 or other catastrophic events. In addition
 such events could result in unauthorized disclosure of material confidential information. If our information systems suffer severe damage
 disruption or shutdown and our business continuity plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner
 we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture
 distribute
 invoice and collect payments for concentrate or finished products. Misuse
 leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations and damage the reputation and credibility of the Company and have a negative impact on net operating revenues. In addition
 we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information belonging to us or to our bottling partners
 other customers
Like most major corporations
 the Company's information systems are a target of attacks. Although the disruptions to our information systems that we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business
 financial condition or results of operations
 there can be no assurance that such disruptions will not have a material adverse effect on us in the future.  In order to address risks to our information systems
 we continue to make investments in personnel
 technologies
 cyberinsurance and training of Company personnel
 bottlers and third parties. The Company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. As part of this program
In 2012
 our net operating revenues in the United States were $19.7 billion
 or 41 percent of our total net operating revenues. Unfavorable general economic conditions
 such as a recession or economic slowdown
 in the United States could negatively affect the affordability of
 and consumer demand for
 some of our beverages in our flagship market. Under difficult economic conditions
 consumers may seek to reduce discretionary spending by forgoing purchases of our products or by shifting away from our beverages to lower-priced products offered by other companies
We derive a significant portion of our net operating revenues from sales of our products in international markets. In 2012
 our operations outside the United States accounted for $28.3 billion
 or 59 percent
 of our total net operating revenues. Unfavorable economic conditions in our major international markets
 the financial uncertainties in the eurozone and unstable political conditions
 including civil unrest and governmental changes
 in certain of our other international markets could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers' purchasing power
 thereby reducing demand for our products. Product boycotts resulting from political activism could reduce demand for our products
 while restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders which may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability could impact our profitability. In addition
 U.S. trade sanctions against countries such as Iran and Syria and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly
 which could make it impossible for us to continue to make sales to bottlers in such countries. Without limiting the generality of the preceding sentences
 the unfavorable business environment in Venezuela; the current unstable economic and political conditions and civil unrest and political activism in the Middle East
 India
We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate
 if possible
 the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates
 we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings
 as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. We caution you that actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from those envisioned by our current assessments and estimates. In addition
 we have bottling and other business operations in markets with high-risk legal compliance environments. Our policies and procedures require strict compliance by our associates and agents with all United States and local laws and regulations and consent orders applicable to our business operations
 including those prohibiting improper payments to government officials. Nonetheless
 we cannot assure you that our policies
 procedures and related training programs will always ensure full compliance by our associates and agents with all applicable legal requirements. Improper conduct by our associates or agents could damage our reputation in the United States and internationally or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties
 including substantial monetary fines
The sales of our products are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. Unusually cold or rainy weather during the summer months may have a temporary effect on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales
There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere will cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities
 such as sugarcane
 corn
 beets
 citrus
 coffee and tea
 which are important sources of ingredients for our products
 and could impact the food security of communities around the world. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions
 which could limit water availability for our system's bottling operations. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities
 disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. As a result
If negative publicity related to product safety or quality
 human and workplace rights
 obesity or other issues
 even if unwarranted
 damages our brand image and corporate reputation
Our success depends on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain the brand image of our existing products
 build up brand image for new products and brand extensions
 and maintain our corporate reputation. We cannot assure you
 however
 that our commitment to product safety and quality and our continuing investment in advertising and marketing will have the desired impact on our products' brand image and on consumer preferences. Product safety or quality issues
 actual or perceived
 or allegations of product contamination
 even when false or unfounded
 could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. Allegations of product safety or quality issues or contamination
 even if untrue
 may require us from time to time to recall a beverage or other product from all of the markets in which the affected production was distributed. Such issues or recalls could negatively affect our profitability and brand image. In some emerging markets
 the production and sale of counterfeit or spurious products
 which we and our bottling partners may not be able to fully combat
 may damage the image and reputation of our products. From time to time
 we and our executives engage in public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business operations and general economic climate affecting the Company. These engagements in public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction
In addition
 campaigns by activists attempting to connect us or our bottling system with human and workplace rights issues in certain emerging markets could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation.&#160;For example
 in June 2011
 the United Nations Human Rights Council endorsed the Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights
 which outlines how businesses should implement the corporate responsibility to respect human rights principles included in the United Nations Protect, Respect and Remedy framework on human rights.&#160;Through our Human Rights Statement and Workplace Rights Policy and Supplier Guiding Principles
 and our participation in the United Nations Global Compact and its LEAD program
 as well as our active participation in the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights and Global Business Coalition Against Human Trafficking
found in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights
 even if untrue
 could have a significant impact on our corporate reputation and long-term financial results. Also
 adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products
 water usage
 environmental concerns
 labor relations
Changes in
 or failure to comply with
Our Company's business is subject to various laws and regulations in the numerous countries throughout the world in which we do business
 including laws and regulations relating to competition
 product safety
 advertising and labeling
 container deposits
 recycling or stewardship
 the protection of the environment
 and employment and labor practices. In the United States
 the production
 distribution and sale of many of our products are subject to
 among others
 the Federal Food
 Drug
 and Cosmetic Act
 the Federal Trade Commission Act
 the Lanham Act
 state consumer protection laws
 the Occupational Safety and Health Act
 and various environmental statutes
 as well as various state and local statutes and regulations. Outside the United States
 the production
 distribution
 sale
 advertising and labeling of many of our products are also subject to various laws and regulations. Changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof
 including increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change
 or regulations to limit or eliminate the use of bisphenol-A
 or BPA (an odorless
 tasteless food-grade chemical commonly used in the food and beverage industries as a component in the coating of the interior of cans)
 may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures and other financial obligations for us and our bottling partners
 which could affect our profitability
 or may impede the production or distribution of our products
 which could affect our net operating revenues. In addition
 failure to comply with environmental
 health or safety requirements and other applicable laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages
 the imposition of penalties
 suspension of production
 changes to equipment or processes
 or a cessation of operations at our or our bottling partners' facilities
 as well as damage to our and the Coca-Cola system's image and reputation
New accounting standards or pronouncements that may become applicable to our Company from time to time
 or changes in the interpretation of existing standards and pronouncements
If we are not able to achieve our overall long-term goals
We have established and publicly announced certain long-term growth objectives. These objectives were based on our evaluation of our growth prospects
 which are generally driven by volume and sales potential of many product types
 some of which are more profitable than others
Global credit market conditions continue to be uncertain in large part because of unfavorable economic environment conditions in much of the world and the unsustainable sovereign debt burden affecting various countries in the European Union. The cost and availability of credit vary by market and are subject to changes in the global or regional economic environment. If the current uncertain conditions in the credit markets continue or worsen
 our bottling partners' ability to access credit markets on favorable terms may be negatively affected
 which could affect the Coca-Cola system's profitability as well as our share of the income of bottling partners in which we have equity method investments. The decrease in availability of consumer credit resulting from uncertain credit market conditions
 as well as general unfavorable economic conditions
 may also cause consumers to reduce their discretionary spending
If one or more of our counterparty financial institutions default on their obligations to us or fail
As part of our hedging activities
 we enter into transactions involving derivative financial instruments
 including forward contracts
 commodity futures contracts
 option contracts
 collars and swaps
 with various financial institutions. In addition
 we have significant amounts of cash
 cash equivalents and other investments on deposit or in accounts with banks or other financial institutions in the United States and abroad. As a result
 we are exposed to the risk of default by or failure of counterparty financial institutions. The risk of counterparty default or failure may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. If one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy
 our ability to recover losses incurred as a result of default or our assets that are deposited or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited by the counterparty's liquidity or the applicable laws governing the insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings. In the event of default or failure of one or more of our counterparties
 we could incur significant losses
If we are unable to realize additional benefits targeted by our productivity and reinvestment program
We believe that productivity gains are essential to achieving our long-term growth objectives and
 therefore
 a leading priority of our Company is to design and implement the most effective and efficient business system possible.&#160;As part of our efforts to become more efficient
 leaner and adaptive to changing market conditions
 in February 2012 we announced a productivity and reinvestment program consisting of (i) a new productivity initiative focused on global supply chain optimization
 global marketing and innovation effectiveness
 operating expense leverage
 operational excellence and data and information technology systems standardization; and (ii) an expansion of our initiative to capture CCR integration synergies in North America
 focused primarily on our North American product supply. We expect to incur significant costs to capture these savings and additional synergies. We intend to invest the savings generated by this program to enhance ongoing systemwide brand-building initiatives and to mitigate potential incremental near-term commodity costs. If we are unable to capture the savings and additional synergies targeted by our productivity and reinvestment program
If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms
 or we or our bottling partners experience strikes
 work stoppages or labor unrest
Many of our associates at our key manufacturing locations and bottling plants are covered by collective bargaining agreements. While we generally have been able to renegotiate collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms when they expire and regard our relations with associates and their representatives as generally satisfactory
 negotiations in the current environment remain challenging
 as the Company must have competitive cost structures in each market while meeting the compensation and benefits needs of our associates. If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms
 our labor costs could increase
 which would affect our profit margins. In addition
 many of our bottling partners' employees are represented by labor unions. Strikes
 work stoppages or other forms of labor unrest at any of our major manufacturing facilities or at our or our major bottlers' plants could impair our ability to supply concentrates and syrups to our bottling partners or our bottlers' ability to supply finished beverages to customers
We assess our goodwill
 trademarks and other intangible assets as well as our other long-lived assets as and when required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States to determine whether they are impaired and
 if they are
 we record appropriate impairment charges. Our equity method investees also perform impairment tests
 and we record our proportionate share of impairment charges recorded by them adjusted
 as appropriate
 for the impact of items such as basis differences
 deferred taxes and deferred gains. It is possible that we may be required to record significant impairment charges or our proportionate share of significant charges recorded by equity method investees in the future and
 if we do so
We may incur multi-employer plan withdrawal liabilities in the future
&#32;in 2012. The U.S. multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate have contractual arrangements that extend into 2017. If
 in the future
 we choose to withdraw from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we participate
 we will likely need to record withdrawal liabilities
If we do not successfully integrate and manage our Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations
From time to time we acquire or take control of bottling operations
 often in underperforming markets where we believe we can use our resources and expertise to improve performance. We may incur unforeseen liabilities and obligations in connection with acquiring
 taking control of or managing bottling operations and may encounter unexpected difficulties and costs in restructuring and integrating them into our Company's operating and internal control structures. We may also experience delays in extending our Company's internal control over financial reporting to newly acquired or controlled bottling operations
 which may increase the risk of failure to prevent misstatements in such operations' financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of Company-owned or -controlled bottling operations. We cannot assure you
 however
 that we will be able to achieve our strategic and financial objectives for such bottling operations. If we are unable to achieve such objectives
Because of our global presence and worldwide operations
 our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts
 especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases. Such events could impair our ability to manage our business around the world
 could disrupt our supply of raw materials and ingredients
 and could impact production
 transportation and delivery of concentrates
 syrups and finished products. In addition
 such events could cause disruption of regional or global economic activity
 which can affect consumers' purchasing power in the affected areas and
 therefore
Our worldwide headquarters is located on a 35-acre office complex in Atlanta
 Georgia. The complex includes our 621
000 square foot headquarters building and an 870
000 square foot building in which our North America group's main offices are located. The complex also includes several other buildings
 including our 264
000 square foot Coca-Cola Plaza building
 technical and engineering facilities
 a learning center and a reception center. We also own an office and retail building at 711 Fifth Avenue in New York
 New York. These properties
 except for the North America group's main offices
We own or lease additional facilities
 real estate and office space throughout the world which we use for administrative
 manufacturing
 processing
 packaging
 packing
 storage
 warehousing
In North America
 as of December 31
 2012
 we owned 69 beverage production facilities
 10 principal beverage concentrate and/or syrup manufacturing plants
 one facility that manufactures juice concentrates for foodservice use
 two bottled water facilities and one container manufacturing facility; we leased one beverage production facility
 one bottled water facility and four container manufacturing facilities; and we operated 281 principal beverage distribution warehouses
Additionally
 outside of North America
 as of December 31
 2012
 our Company owned and operated 18 principal beverage concentrate manufacturing plants
 of which four are included in the Eurasia and Africa operating segment
 three are included in the Europe operating segment
 five are included in the Latin America operating segment
We own or hold a majority interest in or otherwise consolidate under applicable accounting rules bottling operations that
 as of December 31
 2012
Management believes that our Company's facilities for the production of our products are suitable and adequate
 that they are being appropriately utilized in line with past experience
 and that they have sufficient production capacity for their present intended purposes. The extent of utilization of such facilities varies based upon seasonal demand for our products. However
 management believes that additional production can be obtained at the existing facilities by adding personnel and capital equipment and
 at some facilities
 by adding shifts of personnel or expanding the facilities. We continuously review our anticipated requirements for facilities and
 on the basis of that review
The Company is involved in various legal proceedings
On December 20
 2002
The Coca-Cola Company v. Aqua-Chem
 Inc.
) in the Superior Court of Fulton County
 Georgia (the Georgia Case)
 seeking a declaratory judgment that the Company has no obligation to its former subsidiary
 Aqua-Chem
 Inc.
 now known as Cleaver-Brooks
 Inc. (Aqua-Chem)
 for any past
 present or future liabilities or expenses in connection with any claims or lawsuits against Aqua-Chem. Subsequent to the Company's filing but on the same day
Aqua-Chem
 Inc. v. The Coca-Cola Company
) in the Circuit Court
 Civil Division of Milwaukee County
 Wisconsin (the Wisconsin Case). In the Wisconsin Case
 Aqua-Chem sought a declaratory judgment that the Company is responsible for all liabilities and expenses not covered by insurance in connection with certain of Aqua-Chem's general and product liability claims arising from occurrences prior to the Company's sale of Aqua-Chem in 1981
 and a judgment for breach of contract in an amount exceeding $9 million for costs incurred by Aqua-Chem to date in connection with such claims. The Wisconsin Case initially was stayed
 pending final resolution of the Georgia Case
The Company owned Aqua-Chem from 1970 to 1981. During that time
 the Company purchased over $400 million of insurance coverage
 which also insures Aqua-Chem for some of its prior and future costs for certain product liability and other claims. The Company sold Aqua-Chem to Lyonnaise American Holding
 Inc.
 in 1981 under the terms of a stock sale agreement. The 1981 agreement
 and a subsequent 1983 settlement agreement
 outlined the parties' rights and obligations concerning past and future claims and lawsuits involving Aqua-Chem. Cleaver-Brooks
 a division of Aqua-Chem
 manufactured boilers
 some of which contained asbestos gaskets. Aqua-Chem was first named as a defendant in asbestos lawsuits in or around 1985 and currently has approximately 40
The parties agreed in 2004 to stay the Georgia Case pending the outcome of insurance coverage litigation filed by certain Aqua-Chem insurers on March 26
 2004. In the coverage action
Century Indemnity Company
 et al. v. Aqua-Chem
 Inc.
 The Coca-Cola Company
 et al.
) in the Circuit Court
 Civil Division of Milwaukee County
 Wisconsin
 against the Company
 Aqua-Chem and 16 insurance companies. Several of the policies that were the subject of the coverage action had been issued to the Company during the period (1970 to 1981) when the Company owned Aqua-Chem. The complaint sought a determination of the respective rights and obligations under the insurance policies issued with regard to asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem. The action also sought a monetary judgment reimbursing any amounts paid by the plaintiffs in excess of their obligations. Two of the insurers
 one with a $15&#160;million policy limit and one with a $25 million policy limit
 asserted cross-claims against the Company
Aqua-Chem and the Company filed and obtained a partial summary judgment determination in the coverage action that the insurers for Aqua-Chem and the Company were jointly and severally liable for coverage amounts
 but reserving judgment on other defenses that might apply. During the course of the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation
 Aqua-Chem and the Company reached settlements with several of the insurers
 including plaintiffs
 who have paid or will pay funds into an escrow account for payment of costs arising from the asbestos claims against Aqua-Chem. On July 24
 2007
the remaining defendant insurers
 which judgment was not appealed. The judgment directs
 among other things
The Company and Aqua-Chem continued to pursue and obtain coverage agreements for the asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem with those insurance companies that did not settle in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. The Company anticipated that a final settlement with three of those insurers (the &#8220;Chartis insurers&#8221;) would be finalized in May 2011
 but such insurers repudiated their settlement commitments and
 as a result
 Aqua-Chem and the Company filed suit against them in Wisconsin state court to enforce the coverage-in-place settlement or
 in the alternative
In February 2012
 the parties filed and argued a number of cross-motions for summary judgment related to the issues of the enforceability of the settlement agreement and the exhaustion of policies underlying those of the Chartis insurers. The court granted defendants' motions for summary judgment that the 2011 Settlement Agreement and 2010 Term Sheet were not binding contracts
 but denied their similar motions related to plaintiffs' claims for promissory and/or equitable estoppel. On or about May 15
 2012
 the parties entered into a mutually agreeable settlement/stipulation resolving two major issues: exhaustion of underlying coverage and control of defense; and
 on or about January 10
 2013
 the parties reached a settlement of the remaining coverage issues and the estoppel claims. The Chartis insurers have filed a notice of appeal with respect to certain issues that were the subject of summary judgment orders earlier in the case. Whatever the outcome of that appeal
On June 30
 2005
Chapman v. Isdell
) in the Superior Court of Fulton County
 Georgia
 alleging violations of state law by certain individual current and former members of the Board of Directors of the Company and senior management
 including breaches of fiduciary duties
 abuse of control
 gross mismanagement
 waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment
 between January 2003 and the date of filing of the complaint that have caused substantial losses to the Company and other damages
 such as to its reputation and goodwill. The defendants named in the lawsuit include Neville Isdell
 Douglas Daft
 Gary Fayard
 Ronald Allen
 Cathleen Black
 Warren Buffett
 Herbert Allen
 Barry Diller
 Donald McHenry
 Sam Nunn
 James Robinson
 Peter Ueberroth
 James Williams
 Donald Keough
 Maria Lagomasino
 Pedro Reinhard
 Robert Nardelli and Susan Bennett King. The Company is also named a nominal defendant. The complaint further alleges that the September 2004 earnings warning issued by the Company resulted from factors known by the individual defendants as early as January 2003 that were not adequately disclosed to the investing public until the earnings warning. The factors cited in the complaint include (i) a flawed business strategy and a business model that was not working; (ii) a workforce so depleted by layoffs that it was unable to properly react to changing market conditions; (iii) impaired relationships with key bottlers; and (iv) the fact that the foregoing conditions would lead to diminished earnings. The plaintiff
 purportedly on behalf of the Company
 seeks damages in an unspecified amount
 extraordinary equitable and/or injunctive relief
 restitution and disgorgement of profits
 reimbursement for costs and disbursements of the action
 and such other and further relief as the Court deems just and proper. The Company's motion to dismiss the complaint and the plaintiff's response were filed and fully briefed. The Court heard oral argument on the Company's motion to dismiss on June 6
 2006. Following the hearing
 the Court took the matter under advisement and the parties are awaiting a ruling. On March 30
 2012
The Company's Atlanta Syrup Plant (&#8220;ASP&#8221;) discharges wastewater to a City of Atlanta wastewater treatment works pursuant to a government-issued permit under the U.S. Clean Water Act and related state and local laws and regulations.&#160;The Company became aware that wastewater-related reports filed by ASP with regulators may contain certain inaccurate information and made self-disclosure to the City of Atlanta regarding the matter as required by applicable law. As a result
 regulatory authorities may seek monetary and/or other sanctions against the Company
 although the Company believes that any sanctions that may ultimately be imposed will not be material to its business
The Company's bottling plant in Suape
 Brazil discharges wastewater to a local water body pursuant to a government-issued permit under Brazilian environmental law.&#160;The Company is working with environmental regulators in the State of Pernambuco to address certain compliance-related issues at the Suape facility
 including with respect to the building of a new wastewater treatment plant. The Brazilian regulatory authorities may pursue monetary and/or other sanctions against the Company as a result of this matter
 although the Company believes that if any sanctions are pursued they will not be material to its business
The following are the executive officers of our Company as of February&#160;25
Ahmet C. Bozer
52
 is Executive Vice President of the Company and President of Coca-Cola International
 which consists of the Company's Eurasia and Africa
 Europe and Pacific operating groups. Mr.&#160;Bozer joined the Company in 1990 as a Financial Control Manager. In 1992
 he became the Region Finance Manager in Turkey. In 1994
 he joined Coca-Cola Bottlers of Turkey (now Coca-Cola &#304;&#231;ecek A.&#350;.) as Finance Director and was named Managing Director in 1998. In 2000
 Mr.&#160;Bozer rejoined the Company as President of the Eurasia Division
 which became the Eurasia and Middle East Division in 2003. In 2006
 Mr.&#160;Bozer assumed the additional leadership responsibility for the Russia
 Ukraine and Belarus Division. In 2007
 with the addition of the India and South West Asia Division under his responsibilities
 Mr. Bozer was named President of the Eurasia Group. From July 1
 2008 until December 31
 2012
 Mr. Bozer served as President of the Eurasia and Africa Group. He was appointed President of Coca-Cola International effective January 1
 2013 and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company on February 21
Steven A. Cahillane
47
 is Executive Vice President of the Company and President of Coca-Cola Americas
 which consists of the Company's North America and Latin America operating groups. Mr. Cahillane joined the Company in October 2010 as President and Chief Executive Officer of Coca-Cola Refreshments
 the Company's bottling and customer service organization for North America
 and served in this role until December 31
 2012.  Before joining the Company
 Mr. Cahillane served as President of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.'s Europe Group until July 2008 and then as President of the North America Business&#160;Unit of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. from July 2008 until October 2010. Prior to joining the Coca-Cola system
 from 2003 until 2005
 Mr.&#160;Cahillane served as the Chief Executive for Interbrew UK and Ireland
 a division of InBev&#160;S.A. In 2005
 he became Chief Commercial Officer of InBev&#160;S.A. and served in that capacity until 2007. Mr. Cahillane was appointed President of Coca-Cola Americas effective January 1
 2013 and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company on February 21
Alexander B. Cummings
 Jr.
56
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of the Company. Mr. Cummings joined the Company in 1997 as Deputy Region Manager
 Nigeria. In 1998
 Mr. Cummings was named Managing Director/Region Manager
 Nigeria
 and in 2000
 he became President of the North West Africa Division based in Morocco. In 2001
 Mr.&#160;Cummings became President of the Africa Group and served in this capacity until June 2008. Mr. Cummings was appointed Chief Administrative Officer of the Company effective July 1
 2008
 and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company effective October 15
 2008. Mr. Cummings began his career in 1982 with The Pillsbury Company and held various positions within Pillsbury
J. Alexander M. Douglas
 Jr.
&#32;51
 is Senior Vice President and Global Chief Customer Officer of the Company. Mr.&#160;Douglas joined the Company in January 1988 as a District Sales Manager for the Foodservice Division of Coca-Cola USA. In May 1994
 he was named Vice President of Coca-Cola USA
 initially assuming leadership of the CCE Sales and Marketing Group and eventually assuming leadership of the entire North American Field Sales and Marketing Groups. In 2000
 Mr.&#160;Douglas was appointed President of the North American Division within the North America Group. He served as Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer of the Company from 2003 until 2006 and continued serving as Senior Vice President until April 2007. Mr.&#160;Douglas was President of the North America Group from August 2006 through December 31
 2012. He was appointed Global Chief Customer Officer effective January 1
 2013 and was elected Senior Vice President of the Company on February 21
Ceree Eberly
50
 is Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer of the Company
 with responsibility for leading the Company's global People Function (formerly Human Resources). Ms. Eberly joined the Company in 1990
 serving in staffing
 compensation and other roles supporting the Company's business units around the world. From 1998 until 2003
 she served as Human Resources Director for the Latin Center Division. From 2003 until 2007
 Ms. Eberly served as Vice President of the McDonald's Division. She was appointed Group Human Resources Director for Europe in July 2007 and served in that capacity until she was appointed Chief People Officer effective December 1
 2009. Ms. Eberly was elected Senior Vice President of the Company effective April 1
Gary P. Fayard
&#32;60
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Fayard joined the Company in 1994. In July 1994
 he was elected Vice President and Controller. In December 1999
Irial Finan
55
 is Executive Vice President and President
 Bottling Investments and Supply Chain. Mr. Finan joined the Company and was named President
 Bottling Investments in 2004. Mr. Finan joined the Coca-Cola system in 1981 with     Coca-Cola Bottlers Ireland
 Ltd.
 where for several years he held a variety of accounting positions. From 1987 until 1990
 Mr.&#160;Finan served as Finance Director of Coca-Cola Bottlers Ireland
 Ltd. From 1991 to 1993
 he served as Managing Director of Coca-Cola Bottlers Ulster
 Ltd. He was Managing Director of Coca-Cola bottlers in Romania and Bulgaria until late 1994. From 1995 to 1999
 he served as Managing Director of Molino Beverages
 with responsibility for expanding markets
 including the Republic of Ireland
 Northern Ireland
 Romania
 Moldova
Bernhard Goepelt
&#32;50
 is Senior Vice President
 General Counsel and Chief Legal Counsel of the Company. Mr. Goepelt joined the Company in 1992 as Legal Counsel for the German Division. In 1997
 he was appointed Legal Counsel for the Middle and Far East Group and in 1999 was promoted to Division Counsel
 Southeast and West Asia Division
 based in Thailand. In 2003
 Mr. Goepelt was appointed Group Counsel for the Central Europe
 Eurasia and Middle East Group. In 2005
 he assumed the position of General Counsel for Japan and China and in 2007
 Mr. Goepelt was appointed General Counsel
 Pacific Group. In April 2010
 he moved to Atlanta to become Associate General Counsel
 Global Marketing
 Commercial Leadership &amp; Strategy. In September 2010
 Mr. Goepelt took on the additional responsibility of General Counsel for the Pacific Group. In addition to his functional responsibilities
 he also managed the administration of the Legal Division. Mr. Goepelt was elected Senior Vice President
Glenn G. Jordan S.
56
 is President of the Pacific Group. Mr. Jordan joined the Company in 1978 as a field representative for Coca-Cola de Colombia where
 for several years
 he held various positions
 including Region Manager from 1985 to 1989. Mr.&#160;Jordan served as Marketing Operations Manager
 Pacific Group from 1989 to 1990 and as Vice President of Coca-Cola International and Executive Assistant to the Pacific Group President from 1990 to 1991. He served as Senior Vice President
 Marketing and Operations
 for the Brazil Division from 1991 to 1995; as President of the River Plate Division
 which comprised Argentina
 Uruguay and Paraguay
 from 1995 to 2000; and as President of the South Latin America Division
 comprising Argentina
 Bolivia
 Chile
 Ecuador
 Paraguay
 Peru and Uruguay
 from 2000 to 2003. In February 2003
 Mr. Jordan was appointed Executive Vice President and Director of Operations for the Latin America Group and served in that capacity until February 2006. Mr. Jordan was appointed President of the East
 South Asia and Pacific Rim Group in February 2006. The East
 South Asia and Pacific Rim Group was reconfigured and renamed the Pacific Group
 effective January 1
Nathan Kalumbu
48
 is President of the Eurasia and Africa Group. Mr. Kalumbu joined the Company in 1990 as the Central Africa region's External Affairs Manager and served in numerous roles in marketing operations and country management in Zimbabwe
 Zambia and Malawi from 1992 to 1996. He held the role of Executive Assistant to the South Africa Division President from 1997 to 1998 and Region Manager for Central Africa from 1998 to 2000 and for Nigeria from 2000 to 2004. In 2004
 Mr. Kalumbu was appointed Business Planning Director and Executive Assistant to the Retail Division President
 North America. He returned to the Africa Group as Director of Business Strategy &amp; Planning for the East and Central Africa Division in 2006. In 2007
 he was named President of the Central
 East and West Africa (CEWA) Business Unit
 and served in that role until his appointment to his current position effective January 1
Muhtar Kent
&#32;60
 is Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company. Mr.&#160;Kent joined the Company in 1978 and held a variety of marketing and operations roles throughout his career with the Company. In 1985
 he was appointed General Manager of Coca-Cola Turkey and Central Asia. From 1989 to 1995
 Mr.&#160;Kent served as President of the East Central Europe Division and Senior Vice President of Coca-Cola International. Between 1995 and 1998
 he served as Managing Director of Coca-Cola Amatil-Europe
 covering bottling operations in 12 countries
 and from 1999 until 2005
 he served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Efes Beverage Group
 a diversified beverage company with    Coca-Cola and beer operations across Southeast Europe
 Turkey and Central Asia. Mr.&#160;Kent rejoined the Company in May 2005 as President and Chief Operating Officer
 North Asia
 Eurasia and Middle East Group
 an organization serving a broad and diverse region that included China
 Japan and Russia. He was appointed President
 Coca-Cola International in January 2006 and was elected Executive Vice President of the Company in February 2006. He was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of the Company in December 2006 and was elected to the Board of Directors in April 2008. Mr.&#160;Kent was elected Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective July&#160;1
 2008
James Quincey
&#32;48
 is President of the Europe Group. Mr. Quincey joined the Company in 1996 as Director
 Learning Strategy for the Latin America Group. He moved to Mexico as Deputy to the Division President in 1999
 and became Region Manager for Argentina &amp; Uruguay in 2000
 and then General Manager of the South Cone region (Argentina
 Chile
 Uruguay &amp; Paraguay) in 2003. Mr. Quincey was appointed President of the South Latin Division in December 2003
 and President of the Mexico Division in December 2005. In October 2008
 he was named President of the Northwest Europe and Nordics Business Unit
 and served in that role until his appointment to his current position effective January 1
Jos&#233; Octavio Reyes
60
 is Vice Chairman
 The Coca-Cola Export Corporation. Mr. Reyes began his career with the Company in 1980 at Coca-Cola de M&#233;xico as Manager of Strategic Planning. In 1987
 he was appointed Manager of the Sprite and Diet&#160;Coke brands at Corporate Headquarters. In 1990
 he was appointed Marketing Director for the Brazil Division
 and later became Marketing and Operations Vice President for the Mexico Division. Mr. Reyes assumed the role of Deputy Division President for the Mexico Division in 1996 and was named Division President for the Mexico Division later that year. From December 2002 until December 31
 2012
 Mr. Reyes served as President of the Latin America Group and served in that role until his appointment to his current position effective January 1
Brian Smith
57
 is President of the Latin America Group. Mr. Smith joined the Company in 1997 as Latin America Group Manager for Mergers and Acquisitions
 a role he held until July 2001. From 2001 to 2002
 he worked as Executive Assistant to Brian Dyson
 then Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman of the Company. He served as President of the Brazil Division from 2002 to 2008 and President of the Mexico Business Unit from 2008 to 2011. Mr. Smith was appointed to his current position effective January 1
Joseph V. Tripodi
57
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer of the Company. Mr. Tripodi joined the Company as Chief Marketing and Commercial Officer effective September 2007 and was elected Senior Vice President of the Company in October 2007
 a capacity in which he served until July 2009
 when he was elected Executive Vice President of the Company. Prior to joining the Company
 Mr. Tripodi served as Senior Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Allstate Insurance Co. Prior to joining Allstate in 2003
 Mr. Tripodi was Chief Marketing Officer for The Bank of New York. From 1999 until 2002
 he served as Chief Marketing Officer for Seagram Spirits &amp; Wine Group. From 1989 to 1998
 he was the Executive Vice President for Global Marketing
 Products and Services for MasterCard International. Previously
 Mr. Tripodi spent seven years with the Mobil Oil Corporation in roles of increasing responsibility in planning
 marketing
 business development and operations in New York
 Paris
Clyde C. Tuggle
50
 is Senior Vice President and Chief Public Affairs and Communications Officer of the Company. Mr.&#160;Tuggle joined the Company in 1989 in the Corporate Issues Communications Department. In 1992
 he was named Executive Assistant to Roberto C. Goizueta
 then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 where he managed external affairs and communications for the Office of the Chairman. In 1998
 Mr. Tuggle transferred to the Company's Central European Division Office in Vienna where he held a variety of positions
 including Director of Operations Development
 Deputy to the Division President and Region Manager for Austria. In 2000
 Mr. Tuggle returned to Atlanta as Executive Assistant to then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Douglas N. Daft and was elected Vice President of the Company. In February 2003
 he was elected Senior Vice President of the Company and appointed Director of Worldwide Public Affairs and Communications. From 2005 until September 2008
 Mr. Tuggle served as President of the Russia
 Ukraine and Belarus Division. In September 2008
 he returned to Atlanta as Senior Vice President
 Corporate Affairs and Productivity. In May 2009
 Mr. Tuggle was named Senior Vice President
Glen Walter
44
 is President and Chief Operating Officer of Coca-Cola Refreshments
 the Company's bottling and customer service organization for North America. Mr. Walter joined the Company in 2010 as Coca-Cola Refreshments' Vice President of Region Sales
 and served in this role until his appointment to his current role effective January 1
 2013. Before joining the Company
 Mr. Walter was Central Business Unit Vice President and General Manager for Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. in North America from November 2008 to October 2010. Prior to joining the Coca-Cola system
Guy Wollaert
53
 is Senior Vice President and Chief Technical Officer of the Company. Mr. Wollaert joined the Company in 1992 in Brussels
 Belgium as a Project Manager and has held various positions of increasing responsibility in the technical and supply chain fields. From 1997 to 1999
 he served as Technical Director for the Indonesia region based in Jakarta. In 1999
 Mr.&#160;Wollaert relocated to Atlanta where he held the position of Value Chain Account Manager for the Asia Pacific region. In late 2000
 he joined Coca-Cola Tea Products Co. Ltd. (CCTPC)
 a Company subsidiary based in Tokyo. Mr. Wollaert became President of CCTPC in January 2002. From 2003 to 2006
 he was President of Coca-Cola National Beverages Ltd.
 a national supply management Company subsidiary that managed the Company's Japan supply business. In 2006
 Mr. Wollaert returned to Atlanta as Vice President
 Global Supply Chain Development
 and from January 2008 until December 2010
 he served as General Manager
ITEM 5.&#160;&#160;MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY
The following table sets forth
 for the quarterly periods indicated
 the high and low market prices per share for the Company's common stock
 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange composite tape
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
While we have historically paid dividends to holders of our common stock on a quarterly basis
 the declaration and payment of future dividends will depend on many factors
 including
 but not limited to
 our earnings
 financial condition
 business development needs and regulatory considerations
As of February&#160;25
 2013
 there were 243
575 shareowner accounts of record. This figure does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders of our common stock
 whose shares are held of record by banks
April&#160;24
 2013
 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Company's 2013 Proxy Statement)
December&#160;31
 2012
 no equity securities of the Company were sold by the Company that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933
December&#160;31
 2012
September 29
 2012 through October&#160;26
4
241
4
240
563
008
October&#160;27
 2012 through November&#160;23
8
326
8
134
554
874
November&#160;24
 2012 through December&#160;31
11
936
11
930
542
943
24
504
24
305
The total number of shares purchased includes: (i)&#160;shares purchased pursuant to the 2006 Plan described in footnote 2 below
 and (ii)&#160;shares surrendered to the Company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees
 totaling 1
041 shares
 192
895 shares and 5
230 shares for the fiscal months of October
 November and December 2012
On July&#160;20
 2006
On October 18
 2012
The Coca-Cola Company
December 31
The total return assumes that dividends were reinvested quarterly and is based on a $100 investment on December&#160;31
The Peer Group Index is a self-constructed peer group of companies that are included in the Dow Jones Food and Beverage Group and the Dow Jones Tobacco Group of companies
The Peer Group Index consists of the following companies: Altria Group
&#160;Inc.
 Archer-Daniels-Midland Company
 B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.
 Beam Inc.
 Brown-Forman Corporation
 Bunge Limited
 Campbell Soup Company
 Coca-Cola Enterprises
&#160;Inc.
 ConAgra Foods
&#160;Inc.
 Constellation Brands
&#160;Inc.
 Darling International&#160;Inc.
 Dean Foods Company
 Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
&#160;Inc.
 Flowers Foods
&#160;Inc.
 Fresh Del Monte Produce&#160;Inc.
 General Mills
&#160;Inc.
 Green Mountain Coffee Roasters
&#160;Inc.
 H.J. Heinz Company
 The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 Herbalife&#160;Ltd.
 The Hershey Company
 The Hillshire Brands Company
 Hormel Foods Corporation
 Ingredion Incorporated
 The J.M. Smucker Company
 Kellogg Company
 Kraft Foods&#160;Inc.
 Lancaster Colony Corporation
 Lorillard
&#160;Inc.
 McCormick&#160;&amp; Company
&#160;Inc.
 Mead Johnson Nutrition Company
 Molson Coors Brewing Company
 Mondel&#275;z International
 Inc.
 Monsanto Company
 Monster Beverage Corporation
 PepsiCo
&#160;Inc.
 Philip Morris International&#160;Inc.
 Post Holdings
 Inc.
 Ralcorp Holdings
&#160;Inc.
 Reynolds American&#160;Inc.
 Smithfield Foods
&#160;Inc.
 TreeHouse Foods
&#160;Inc.
 Tyson Foods
Companies included in the Dow Jones Food and Beverage Group and the Dow Jones Tobacco Group change periodically. This year
 the groups include B&amp;G Foods
 Inc.
 The Hillshire Brands Company
 Ingredion Incorporated
 Mondel&#275;z International
 Inc. and Post Holdings
 Inc.
 all of which were not included in the groups last year. Additionally
 this year the groups do not include Corn Products International
 Inc.
 Diamond Foods
 Inc.
 Sara Lee Corporation and Tootsie Roll Industries
 Inc.
Year Ended December&#160;31
2
48
46
35
30
31
9
8
11
6
5
86
79
72
48
40
14
13
14
5
2
Includes the impact of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE. Both of these transactions occurred on October 2
 2010. This information also includes the impact of the deconsolidation of certain entities
 primarily bottling operations
 on January 1
 2010
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. The Company's change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
The following Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) is intended to help the reader understand The Coca-Cola Company
 our operations and our present business environment. MD&amp;A is provided as a supplement to&#160;&#8212; and should be read in conjunction with&#160;&#8212; our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto contained in Item&#160;8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. This overview summarizes the MD&amp;A
&#8212; a general description of our business and the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry
 our objective
 our strategic priorities
 our core capabilities
&#8212; an analysis of our Company's consolidated results of operations for the three years presented in our consolidated financial statements. Except to the extent that differences among our operating segments are material to an understanding of our business as a whole
Liquidity
The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company. We own or license and market more than 500 nonalcoholic beverage brands
 primarily sparkling beverages but also a variety of still beverages such as waters
 enhanced waters
 juices and juice drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and energy and sports drinks. We own and market four of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola
 Diet Coke
 Fanta and Sprite. Finished beverage products bearing our trademarks
 sold in the United States since 1886
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations as well as independent bottling partners
 distributors
 wholesalers and retailers&#160;&#8212; the world's largest beverage distribution system. Of the approximately 57&#160;billion beverage servings of all types consumed worldwide every day
We believe our success depends on our ability to connect with consumers by providing them with a wide variety of choices to meet their desires
 needs and lifestyle choices. Our success further depends on the ability of our people to execute effectively
Our goal is to use our Company's assets&#160;&#8212; our brands
 financial strength
 unrivaled distribution system
 global reach
Our Company markets
beverage concentrates
 sometimes referred to as beverage bases, and syrups
Generally
In our concentrate operations
 we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations (to which we typically refer as our bottlers or our bottling partners). Our bottling partners either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product)
 still water and/or sparkling water
 or combine the syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us&#160;&#8212; such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles&#160;&#8212; and are then sold to retailers directly or
 in some cases
 through wholesalers or other bottlers. Outside the United States
 we also sell concentrates for fountain beverages to our bottling partners who are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups
 which they sell to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores which use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
Our finished product operations consist primarily of the production
 sales and distribution operations managed by CCR and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations. CCR is included in our North America operating segment
 and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages
 such as juices and juice drinks
 energy and sports drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and certain water products
 to retailers or to distributors
 wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition
 in the United States
 we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. In the United States
Year Ended December&#160;31
Includes fountain syrups manufactured by the Company
 including consolidated bottling operations
Includes net operating revenues related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business for the full year in 2012 and 2011. In 2010
 the percentage includes net operating revenues from the date of the CCE acquisition on October&#160;2
Year Ended December&#160;31
2
Includes unit case volume related to fountain syrups manufactured by the Company
 including consolidated bottling operations
Includes unit case volume related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business for the full year in 2012 and 2011. In 2010
 the percentage includes unit case volume from the date of the CCE acquisition on October&#160;2
Pursuant to the terms of the business separation and merger agreement entered into on February&#160;25
 2010
 as amended (the merger agreement)
 on October&#160;2
 2010 (the acquisition date)
 we acquired CCE's former North America business
 consisting of CCE's production
 sales and distribution operations in the United States
 Canada
 the British Virgin Islands
 the United States Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands
Under the terms of the merger agreement
 the Company acquired the 67&#160;percent of CCE's former North America business that was not already owned by the Company for consideration that included: (1)&#160;the Company's 33&#160;percent indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations; (2)&#160;cash consideration; and (3)&#160;replacement awards issued to certain current and former employees of CCE's corporate operations and former North America business. At closing
 CCE shareowners other than the Company exchanged their CCE common stock for common stock in a new entity
 which was renamed Coca-Cola Enterprises
&#160;Inc. (which is referred to herein as New CCE) and which continues to hold the European operations held by CCE prior to the acquisition. At closing
 New CCE became 100&#160;percent owned by shareowners that held shares of common stock of CCE immediately prior to the closing
 other than the Company. As a result of this transaction
As of October&#160;1
 2010
 our Company owned 33&#160;percent of the outstanding common stock of CCE. Based on the closing price of CCE's common stock on the last day of trading prior to the acquisition date
 the fair value of our investment in CCE was $5
373&#160;million
 which reflected the fair value of our ownership in both CCE's European operations and its former North America business. We remeasured our equity interest in CCE to fair value upon the close of the transaction. As a result
 we recognized a gain of $4
978&#160;million
Although the CCE transaction was structured to be primarily cashless
 under the terms of the merger agreement
 we agreed to assume $8.9&#160;billion of CCE debt. In the event the actual CCE debt on the acquisition date was less than the agreed amount
 we agreed to make a cash payment to New CCE for the difference. As of the acquisition date
 the debt assumed by the Company was $7.9&#160;billion. The total cash consideration paid to New CCE as part of the transaction was $1.4&#160;billion
In contemplation of the closing of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we reached an agreement with DPS to distribute certain DPS brands in territories where DPS brands had been distributed by CCE prior to the CCE transaction. Under the terms of our agreement with DPS
 concurrently with the closing of the CCE transaction
 we entered into license agreements with DPS to distribute Dr&#160;Pepper trademark brands in the United States
 Canada Dry in the Northeastern United States
 and Canada Dry and C' Plus in Canada
 and we made a net one-time cash payment of $715&#160;million to DPS. Under the license agreements
 the Company agreed to meet certain performance obligations to distribute DPS products in retail and foodservice accounts and vending machines. The license agreements have initial terms of 20&#160;years
 with automatic 20-year renewal periods unless otherwise terminated under the terms of the agreements. The license agreements replaced agreements between DPS and CCE existing immediately prior to the completion of the CCE transaction. In addition
On October&#160;2
 2010
 we sold all of our ownership interests in our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE for $0.9&#160;billion in cash. In addition
 in connection with the acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we granted to New CCE the right to negotiate the acquisition of our majority interest in our German bottler at any time from 18 to 39&#160;months after February&#160;25
 2010
We operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. We face strong competition from numerous other general and specialty beverage companies. We
 along with other beverage companies
 are affected by a number of factors
 including
 but not limited to
 cost to manufacture and distribute products
 consumer spending
 economic conditions
 availability and quality of water
 consumer preferences
 inflation
 political climate
 local and national laws and regulations
 foreign currency exchange fluctuations
Our objective is to use our formidable assets&#160;&#8212; our brands
 financial strength
 unrivaled distribution system
 global reach
Productivity: Managing our people
We have four strategic priorities designed to create long-term sustainable growth for our Company and the Coca-Cola system and value for our shareowners. These strategic priorities are driving global beverage leadership; accelerating innovation; leveraging our balanced geographic portfolio; and leading the Coca-Cola system for growth. To enable the entire Coca-Cola system so that we can deliver on these strategic priorities
Marketing investments are designed to enhance consumer awareness of
 and increase consumer preference for
 our brands. This produces long-term growth in unit case volume
 per capita consumption and our share of worldwide nonalcoholic beverage sales. Through our relationships with our bottling partners and those who sell our products in the marketplace
 we create and implement integrated marketing programs
 both globally and locally
 that are designed to heighten consumer awareness of and product appeal for our brands. In developing a strategy for a Company brand
 we conduct product and packaging research
 establish brand positioning
 develop precise consumer communications and solicit consumer feedback. Our integrated marketing activities include
 but are not limited to
 advertising
We have disciplined marketing strategies that focus on driving volume in emerging markets
 increasing our brand value in developing markets and growing profit in our developed markets. In emerging markets
 we are investing in infrastructure programs that drive volume through increased access to consumers. In developing markets
 where consumer access has largely been established
 our focus is on differentiating our brands. In our developed markets
 we continue to invest in brands and infrastructure programs
The Coca-Cola system has millions of customers around the world who sell or serve our products directly to consumers. We focus on enhancing value for our customers and providing solutions to grow their beverage businesses. Our approach includes understanding each customer's business and needs &#8212; whether that customer is a sophisticated retailer in a developed market or a kiosk owner in an emerging market. We focus on ensuring that our customers have the right product and package offerings and the right promotional tools to deliver enhanced value to themselves and the Company. We are constantly looking to build new beverage consumption occasions in our customers' outlets through unique and innovative consumer experiences
 product availability and delivery systems
 and beverage merchandising and displays. We participate in joint brand-building initiatives with our customers in order to drive customer preference for our brands. Through our commercial leadership initiatives
We must continue to improve our franchise leadership capabilities to give our Company and our bottling partners the ability to grow together through shared values
 aligned incentives and a sense of urgency and flexibility that supports consumers' always changing needs and tastes. The financial health and success of our bottling partners are critical components of the Company's success. We work with our bottling partners to identify system requirements that enable us to quickly achieve scale and efficiencies
 and we share best practices throughout the bottling system. Our system leadership allows us to leverage recent acquisitions to expand our volume base and enhance margins. With our bottling partners
Most of our Company beverage products are manufactured
 sold and distributed by independent bottling partners. However
 over the past several years the amount of Company beverage products that are manufactured
Our Company has a long history of providing world-class customer service
 demonstrating leadership in the marketplace and leveraging the talent of our global workforce. In addition
The Company has a deep commitment to continuously improving our business. This includes our efforts to develop innovative packaging and merchandising solutions which help drive demand for our beverages and meet the growing needs of our consumers. As we further transform the way we go to market
Being global provides unique opportunities for our Company. Challenges and risks accompany those opportunities. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand the attention of the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and our Company. Of these
Increasing concern among consumers
 public health professionals and government agencies of the potential health problems associated with obesity and inactive lifestyles represents a significant challenge to our industry. We recognize that obesity is a complex public health problem and are committed to being a part of the solution. This commitment is reflected through our broad portfolio
All of our beverages can be consumed as part of a balanced diet. Consumers who want to reduce the calories they consume from beverages can choose from our continuously expanding portfolio of more than 800 low- and no-calorie beverages
 nearly 25 percent of our global portfolio
 as well as our regular beverages in smaller portion sizes. We believe in the importance and power of &#8220;informed choice
&#8221; and we continue to support the fact-based nutrition labeling and education initiatives that encourage people to live active
 healthy lifestyles. Our commitment also includes creating and adhering to responsible policies in schools and in the marketplace; supporting programs to encourage physical activity and promote nutrition education; and continuously meeting changing consumer needs through beverage innovation
 choice and variety. We recognize the health of our business is interwoven with the well-being of our consumers
 our employees and the communities we serve
 and we are working in cooperation with governments
Water quality and quantity is an issue that increasingly requires our Company's attention and collaboration with other companies
 suppliers
 governments
 nongovernmental organizations and communities where we operate. Water is the main ingredient in substantially all of our products and is needed to produce the agricultural ingredients on which our business relies. It also is critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. Today
 water is a limited natural resource facing unprecedented challenges from overexploitation
 flourishing food demand
 increasing pollution
Our Company has a robust water stewardship and management program and continues to work to improve water use efficiency
 treat wastewater prior to discharge and to achieve our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. We regularly assess the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and have implemented a formal water risk management program. We are actively collaborating with other companies
 governments
 nongovernmental organizations and communities to advocate for needed water policy reforms and action to protect water availability and quality around the world. We are working with our global partners to develop sustainability-related water projects. We are encouraging improved water efficiency and conservation efforts throughout our system. Through these integrated programs
 we believe that our Company is in an excellent position to leverage the water-related knowledge we have developed in the communities we serve &#8212; through source water availability assessments
 water resource management
 water treatment
 wastewater treatment systems
 and models for working with communities and partners in addressing water and sanitation needs. As demand for water continues to increase around the world
Consumers want more choices. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs
 on-the-go lifestyles
 aging populations in developed markets and consumers who are empowered with more information than ever. We are committed to generating new avenues for growth through our core brands with a focus on diet and light products
 innovative packaging
 and ingredient and packaging material education efforts. We are also committed to continuing to expand the variety of choices we provide to consumers to meet their needs
Increased demand for commodities and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities
 such as sugarcane
 corn
 beets
 citrus
 coffee and tea
 which are important sources of ingredients for our products
 and could impact the food security of communities around the world. We are committed to implementing programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability designed to help address these agricultural challenges. Through joint efforts with farmers
 communities
 bottlers
 suppliers and key partners
 as well as our increased and continued investment in sustainable agriculture
All of these challenges and risks &#8212; obesity and inactive lifestyles
 water quality and quantity
 evolving consumer preferences
 increased competition and capabilities in the marketplace
 and food security &#8212; have the potential to have a material adverse effect on the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry and on our Company; however
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 which require management to make estimates
Management has discussed the development
 selection and disclosure of critical accounting policies and estimates with the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors. While our estimates and assumptions are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future
 actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. For a discussion of the Company's significant accounting policies
Our Company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest as well as VIEs for which our Company is the primary beneficiary. Generally
 we consolidate only business enterprises that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. However
 there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. Generally
 this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests
 which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in
 and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of
 the other business enterprise. This disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest
 and the entity in which we have the variable interest is referred to as a VIE. An enterprise must consolidate a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The primary beneficiary has both (a)&#160;the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance
Our Company holds interests in certain VIEs
 primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Although these financial arrangements resulted in us holding variable interests in these entities
 they did not empower us to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance. Our Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively
representing our maximum exposures to loss. The Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
In addition
 our Company holds interests in certain VIEs
 primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations
 for which we were determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result
 we have consolidated these entities. Our Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively
Creditors of our VIEs do not have recourse against the general credit of the Company
The Company applies the acquisition method of accounting in a business combination. In general
 this methodology requires companies to record assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair market values at the date of acquisition. We estimate fair value using the exit price approach
 which is defined as the price that would be received if we sold an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly market. The value of an exit price is determined from the viewpoint of all market participants as a whole and may result in the Company valuing assets at a fair value that is not reflective of our intended use of the assets. Any amount of the purchase price paid that is in excess of the estimated fair values of net assets acquired is recorded in the line item goodwill in our consolidated balance sheets. Management's judgment is used to determine the estimated fair values assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 as well as asset lives for property
 plant and equipment and amortization periods for intangible assets
Transaction costs
 as well as costs to reorganize acquired companies
On October 2
 2010
 the Company acquired CCE's former North America business and recorded total assets of $22.2 billion as of the acquisition date. The assets we acquired included a material amount of intangible assets that were subject to the significant estimates described above. During our purchase accounting measurement period
 which concluded during the third quarter of 2011
We perform recoverability and impairment tests of noncurrent assets in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. For certain assets
 recoverability and/or impairment tests are required only when conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For other assets
 impairment tests are required at least annually
 or more frequently
Our equity method investees also perform such recoverability and/or impairment tests. If an impairment charge is recorded by one of our equity method investees
 the Company records its proportionate share of such charge as a reduction of equity income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. However
 the actual amount we record with respect to our proportionate share of such charges may be impacted by items such as basis differences
Management's assessments of the recoverability and impairment tests of noncurrent assets involve critical accounting estimates. These estimates require significant management judgment
 include inherent uncertainties and are often interdependent; therefore
 they do not change in isolation. Factors that management must estimate include
 among others
 the economic life of the asset
 sales volume
 pricing
 cost of raw materials
 delivery costs
 inflation
 cost of capital
 marketing spending
 foreign currency exchange rates
 tax rates
 capital spending and proceeds from the sale of assets. These factors are even more difficult to predict when global financial markets are highly volatile. The estimates we use when assessing the recoverability of noncurrent assets are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. When performing impairment tests
 we estimate the fair values of the assets using management's best assumptions
 which we believe would be consistent with what a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. Estimates and assumptions used in these tests are evaluated and updated as appropriate. The variability of these factors depends on a number of conditions
 including uncertainty about future events
 and thus our accounting estimates may change from period to period. If other assumptions and estimates had been used when these tests were performed
 impairment charges could have resulted. As mentioned above
 these factors do not change in isolation and
 therefore
 we do not believe it is practicable or meaningful to present the impact of changing a single factor. Furthermore
 if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur in future periods
Certain factors discussed above are impacted by our current business environment and are discussed throughout this report
Our Company faces many uncertainties and risks related to various economic
 political and regulatory environments in the countries in which we operate
 particularly in developing or emerging markets. Refer to the heading Our Business&#160;&#8212; Challenges and Risks above and Item&#160;1A. Risk Factors in Part&#160;I of this report. As a result
The carrying values of our investments in equity securities are determined using the equity method
 the cost method or the fair value method. We account for investments in companies that we do not control or account for under the equity method either at fair value or under the cost method
 as applicable. Investments in equity securities are carried at fair value
 if the fair value of the security is readily determinable. Equity investments carried at fair value are classified as either trading or available-for-sale securities. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in net income. Unrealized gains and losses
 net of deferred taxes
 on available-for-sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). Trading securities are reported as either marketable securities or other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Securities classified as available-for-sale are reported as either marketable securities or other investments in our consolidated balance sheets
 depending on the length of time we intend to hold the investment. Investments in equity securities that do not qualify for fair value accounting are accounted for under the cost method. In accordance with the cost method
December&#160;31
9
4
14
Investments classified as trading securities are not assessed for impairment
 since they are carried at fair value with the change in fair value included in net income. We review our investments in equity and debt securities that are accounted for using the equity method or cost method or that are classified as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity each reporting period to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. When such events or changes occur
 we evaluate the fair value compared to our cost basis in the investment. We also perform this evaluation every reporting period for each investment for which our cost basis has exceeded the fair value in the prior period. The fair values of most of our Company's investments in publicly traded companies are often readily available based on quoted market prices. For investments in nonpublicly traded companies
 management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows
 estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals
 as appropriate. We consider the assumptions that we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use in evaluating estimated future cash flows when employing the discounted cash flow or estimates of sales proceeds valuation methodologies. The ability to accurately predict future cash flows
 especially in developing and emerging markets
In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis
 management is required to determine if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary
 an impairment charge is recorded. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on
 among other things
 the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis
of the issuer
In 2012
In 2011
 the Company recognized impairment charges of $17 million as a result of the other-than-temporary decline in the fair values of certain available-for-sale securities. In addition
In 2010
The following table presents the difference between calculated fair values
 based on quoted closing prices of publicly traded shares
December&#160;31
Coca-Cola FEMSA
8
2
6
3
1
2
1
1
1
Coca-Cola Central Japan Co.
Mikuni Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
15
5
10
Our Company invests in infrastructure programs with our bottlers that are directed at strengthening our bottling system and increasing unit case volume. Additionally
 our Company advances payments to certain customers to fund future marketing activities intended to generate profitable volume and expenses such payments over the periods benefited. Advance payments are also made to certain customers for distribution rights. Payments under these programs are generally capitalized and reported in the line items prepaid expenses and other assets or other assets
 as appropriate
 in our consolidated balance sheets. When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets (or asset groups) may not be recoverable
 management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount
As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 the Company recorded charges of $266 million related to preexisting relationships during the year ended December 31
Property
December&#160;31
 2012
 the carrying value of our property
 plant and equipment
 net of depreciation
14
476 million
 or 17&#160;percent of our total assets. Certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount or remaining useful life of property
 plant and equipment should be assessed
 including
 among others
 the manner or length of time in which the Company intends to use the asset
 a significant decrease in market value
 a significant change in the business climate in a particular market
 or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with historical losses or projected future losses. When such events or changes in circumstances are present and an impairment review is performed
 we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (or asset group) and its eventual disposition. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount
 we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property
 plant and equipment
 including appraisals and discounted cash flow models
Goodwill
Intangible assets are classified into one of three categories: (1)&#160;intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization
 (2)&#160;intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (3)&#160;goodwill. For intangible assets with definite lives
 tests for impairment must be performed if conditions exist that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. For intangible assets with indefinite lives and goodwill
December&#160;31
12
7
6
Definite-lived intangible assets
1
27
When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable
 management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group)
 we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets
 including discounted cash flow models
We test intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives
 including trademarks
 franchise rights and goodwill
 for impairment annually
 or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired. Our Company performs these annual impairment reviews as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. We use a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including
 but not limited to
 discounted cash flow models
 which are based on the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. For indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 prior to completing the impairment test described above. The Company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that this is the case
 it must perform the testing described above. Otherwise
 the Company does not need to perform any further assessment. During 
We perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level
 which is one level below our operating segments. Our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility
 which is consistent with the way management runs our business. Our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as business units. These business units are also our reporting units. The Bottling Investments operating segment includes all Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations
 regardless of geographic location
 except for bottling operations managed by CCR
 which are included in our North America operating segment. Generally
The goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process
 if necessary. The first step is to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. The assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value
 the second step of the impairment test must be performed in order to determine the amount of impairment loss
 if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill prior to completing the two-step process described above to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill and other intangible assets. If the Company concludes that this is the case
 it must perform the two-step process. Otherwise
 the Company will forego the two-step process and does not need to perform any further testing. During 
Intangible assets acquired in recent transactions are naturally more susceptible to impairment
 primarily due to the fact that they are recorded at fair value based on recent operating plans and macroeconomic conditions present at the time of acquisition. Consequently
 if operating results and/or macroeconomic conditions deteriorate shortly after an acquisition
 it could result in the impairment of the acquired assets. A deterioration of macroeconomic conditions may not only negatively impact the estimated operating cash flows used in our cash flow models
 but may also negatively impact other assumptions used in our analyses
 including
 but not limited to
 the estimated cost of capital and/or discount rates. Additionally
 as discussed above
 in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 we are required to ensure that assumptions used to determine fair value in our analyses are consistent with the assumptions a hypothetical marketplace participant would use. As a result
 the cost of capital and/or discount rates used in our analyses may increase or decrease based on market conditions and trends
 regardless of whether our Company's actual cost of capital has changed. Therefore
 if the cost of capital and/or discount rates change
 our Company may recognize an impairment of an intangible asset in spite of realizing actual cash flows that are approximately equal to
 or greater than
As of our most recent annual impairment review
 the Company had no significant impairments of its intangible assets
 individually or in the aggregate. In addition
December&#160;31
 2012
 we did not have any reporting unit with a material amount of goodwill for which it is reasonably likely that it will fail step one of a goodwill impairment test in the near term. However
 if macroeconomic conditions worsen
 it is possible that we may experience significant impairments of some of our intangible assets
We acquired CCE's former North America business on October 2
 2010
 which resulted in the Company recording $14
327&#160;million of intangible assets
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The acquired intangible assets included $5
850 million of bottler franchise rights
 which consisted of $5
200 million of franchise rights with indefinite lives and $650&#160;million of franchise rights with definite lives. The franchise rights with indefinite lives represent franchise rights that had previously provided CCE with exclusive and perpetual rights to manufacture and/or distribute certain beverages in specified territories. The franchise rights with definite lives relate to franchise rights that had previously provided CCE with exclusive rights to manufacture and/or distribute certain beverages in specified territories for a finite period of time and
 therefore
The Company recorded $8
050 million of goodwill in connection with this acquisition that was assigned to the North America operating segment
 of which $170 million has been
 and will continue to be
 amortized for tax purposes. This goodwill is primarily related to synergistic value created from having a unified operating system that will strategically position us to better market and distribute our nonalcoholic beverage brands in North America. It also includes certain other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified
 unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the United States. In addition
At each measurement date
 we determine the discount rate by reference to rates of high-quality
December&#160;31
 2012
 the weighted-average discount rate used to compute our benefit obligation was 4.00&#160;percent and 4.75&#160;percent
The expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based upon the long-term outlook of our investment strategy as well as our historical returns and volatilities for each asset class. We also review current levels of interest rates and inflation to assess the reasonableness of our long-term rates. Our pension plan investment objective is to ensure all of our plans have sufficient funds to meet their benefit obligations when they become due. As a result
 the Company periodically revises asset allocations
 where appropriate
 to improve returns and manage risk. The weighted-average expected long-term rate of return used to calculate our net periodic benefit cost was 8.25&#160;percent in 2012 and 2011.
 the Company's total pension expense related to defined benefit plans was $251&#160;million. In 2013
 we expect our total pension expense to be approximately $191&#160;million. The anticipated decrease is primarily due to approximately $640 million of contributions the Company expects to make to various plans in 2013 as well as the impact of favorable returns on plan assets in 2012. The favorable impact of these items will be partially offset by the unfavorable impact of a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate used to calculate the Company's benefit obligation. The estimated impact of an additional 50-basis-point decrease in the discount rate on our 2013 pension expense is an increase to our pension expense of approximately $47&#160;million. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company's primary U.S. plan represented 59 percent and 64 percent of the Company's consolidated projected pension benefit obligation and pension assets
We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery of products has occurred
 the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and collectibility is reasonably assured. For our Company
 this generally means that we recognize revenue when title to our products is transferred to our bottling partners
 resellers or other customers. Title usually transfers upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations
Our customers can earn certain incentives which are included in deductions from revenue
 a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statements of income. These incentives include
 but are not limited to
 cash discounts
 funds for promotional and marketing activities
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The aggregate deductions from revenue recorded by the Company in relation to these programs
 including amortization expense on infrastructure programs
 were $
 $
 
 respectively. In preparing the financial statements
 management must make estimates related to the contractual terms
Our annual tax rate is based on our income
 statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Significant judgment is required in determining our annual tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions. We establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that the positions become uncertain based upon one of the following: (1)&#160;the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained
 (2)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 but for a lesser amount
 or (3)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain
 (1)&#160;we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information
 (2)&#160;the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes
 legislative intent
 regulations
 rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position
 and (3)&#160;each tax position is evaluated without considerations of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. We adjust these reserves
 including any impact on the related interest and penalties
 in light of changing facts and circumstances
A number of years may elapse before a particular matter for which we have established a reserve is audited and finally resolved. The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the more likely than not recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 (2)&#160;the tax position
 amount
 and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation
Tax law requires items to be included in the tax return at different times than when these items are reflected in the consolidated financial statements. As a result
 the annual tax rate reflected in our consolidated financial statements is different from that reported in our tax return (our cash tax rate). Some of these differences are permanent
 such as expenses that are not deductible in our tax return
 and some differences reverse over time
 such as depreciation expense. These timing differences create deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities. The tax rates used to determine deferred tax assets or liabilities are the enacted tax rates in effect for the year and manner in which the differences are expected to reverse. Based on the evaluation of all available information
 the Company recognizes future tax benefits
 such as net operating loss carryforwards
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;and primarily related to uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards generated in various jurisdictions. Current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. If we were to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or generate sufficient income of the appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future
The Company does not record a U.S. deferred tax liability for the excess of the book basis over the tax basis of its investments in foreign corporations to the extent that the basis difference results from earnings that meet the indefinite reversal criteria. These criteria are met if the foreign subsidiary has invested
 or will invest
 the undistributed earnings indefinitely. The decision as to the amount of undistributed earnings that the Company intends to maintain in non-U.S. subsidiaries takes into account items including
 but not limited to
 forecasts and budgets of financial needs of cash for working capital
 liquidity plans
 capital improvement programs
 merger and acquisition plans
 and planned loans to other non-U.S. subsidiaries. The Company also evaluates its expected cash requirements in the United States. Other factors that can influence that determination are local restrictions on remittances (for example
 in some countries a central bank application and approval are required in order for the Company's local country subsidiary to pay a dividend)
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 consisted of the following operating segments
 the first six of which are sometimes referred to as operating groups or groups: Eurasia and Africa; Europe; Latin America; North America; Pacific; Bottling Investments; and Corporate. For further information regarding our operating segments
Structural Changes
In order to continually improve upon the Company's operating performance
 from time to time
 we engage in buying and selling ownership interests in bottling partners and other manufacturing operations. In addition
Unit case volume growth is a key metric used by management to evaluate the Company's performance because it measures demand for our products at the consumer level. The Company's unit case volume represents the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers and
 therefore
Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by
 or used in finished products sold by
Our Bottling Investments operating segment and our other finished product operations
 including the finished product operations in our North America operating segment
 typically generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages
 such as juices and juice drinks
 energy and sports drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and certain water products
 to retailers or to distributors
 wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition
 in the United States
 we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
 or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. For these consolidated finished product operations
 we recognize the associated concentrate sales volume at the time the unit case or unit case equivalent is sold to the customer. Our concentrate operations typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations. For these concentrate operations
 we recognize concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume when we sell concentrate to the authorized unconsolidated bottling and canning operations
 and we typically report unit case volume when finished products manufactured from the concentrates and syrups are sold to the customer. When we analyze our net operating revenues we generally consider the following four factors: (1)&#160;volume growth (unit case volume or concentrate sales volume
 as appropriate)
 (2)&#160;structural changes
 (3)&#160;changes in price
Structural changes generally refers to acquisitions or dispositions of bottling
 distribution or canning operations and consolidation or deconsolidation of bottling and distribution entities for accounting purposes. Typically
 structural changes do not impact the Company's unit case volume on a consolidated basis or at the geographic operating segment level. We recognize unit case volume for all sales of Company beverage products regardless of our ownership interest in the bottling partner
 if any. However
The Company acquired Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company (Great Plains) in December 2011
 bottling operations in Vietnam and Cambodia in February 2012
 and bottling operations in Guatemala in June 2012. Accordingly
In January 2012
 the Company announced that BPW
 our joint venture with Nestl&#233; in the ready-to-drink tea category
 will focus its geographic scope primarily on Europe and Canada. The joint venture was phased out in all other territories by the end of 2012
 and the Company's agreement to distribute products in the United States under a sublicense from a subsidiary of Nestl&#233; terminated at the end of 2012. The impact to net operating revenues for North America related to the termination of our license agreement has been included as a structural change in our analysis of changes to net operating revenues. In addition
December&#160;31
 2012
 in those countries impacted by these structural changes. We have also eliminated the BPW and Nestl&#233; licensed unit case volume and associated concentrate sales from the base year
 where applicable
The Company sells concentrates and syrups to both consolidated and unconsolidated bottling partners. The ownership structure of our bottling partners impacts the timing of recognizing concentrate revenue and concentrate sales volume. When we sell concentrates or syrups to our consolidated bottling partners
 we are not able to recognize the concentrate revenue or concentrate sales volume until the bottling partner has sold finished products manufactured from the concentrates or syrups to a customer. When we sell concentrates or syrups to our unconsolidated bottling partners
Acquired brands refers to brands acquired during the past 12 months. Typically
 the Company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to acquired brands in periods prior to the closing of the transaction. Therefore
In 2012
 the Company invested in the existing beverage business of Aujan
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East. Under our definitive agreement with Aujan
 the Company now owns 50 percent of the Aujan entity that holds the rights to Aujan-owned brands in certain territories and 49 percent of Aujan's bottling and distribution operations in certain territories. Accordingly
 the volume associated with the Aujan transaction
 subsequent to our initial equity investment during the second quarter of 2012
License agreements refers to brands not owned by the Company
 but for which we hold certain rights
 generally including
 but not limited to
 distribution rights
 and from which we derive an economic benefit when these brands are ultimately sold. Typically
 the Company has not reported unit case volume or recognized concentrate sales volume related to these brands in periods prior to the beginning of the term of the license agreement. Therefore
On October 2
 2010
 in legally separate transactions
 we acquired CCE's former North America business and entered into a license agreement with DPS. We also sold all of our ownership interests in our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE. Although each of these items does not have an impact on the comparability of the Company's 2012 and 2011 consolidated financial statements
Immediately prior to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business on October&#160;2
 2010
 the Company owned 33&#160;percent of CCE's outstanding common stock. This ownership represented our indirect ownership interest in both CCE's former North America business and its European operations. On October&#160;2
 2010
 the Company acquired the remaining 67&#160;percent of CCE's former North America business not already owned by the Company for consideration that included the Company's indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations. As a result of this transaction
 the Company now owns 100&#160;percent of CCE's former North America business and does not own any interest in New CCE's European operations. The operating results of CCE's former North America business were included in our consolidated financial statements starting October&#160;2
 2010. The operating results of New CCE do not directly impact the Company's consolidated financial statements
On October&#160;2
 2010
Prior to the acquisition and entering into the DPS license agreements
 the Company's North America operating segment was predominantly a concentrate operation. As a result of the acquisition and the DPS license agreements
 the North America operating segment is now predominantly a finished product operation. Generally
Prior to the acquisition
 the Company reported unit case volume for the sale of Company beverage products sold by CCE. After the transaction closing
Prior to the acquisition
 the Company recognized concentrate sales volume at the time we sold the concentrate to CCE. Upon the closing of the transaction
The DPS license agreements impact both the Company's unit case and concentrate sales volumes. Sales made pursuant to these license agreements represent acquired volume and are incremental unit case volume and concentrate sales volume to the Company only during the 12-month period following the acquisition. Prior to entering into the license agreements
 the Company did not include the DPS brands as unit case volume or concentrate sales volume
Prior to the acquisition
 we recognized the revenues and profits associated with concentrate sales when the concentrate was sold to CCE
 excluding the portion that was deemed to be intercompany due to our previous ownership interest in CCE. However
 subsequent to the acquisition
 the Company does not recognize the revenues and profits associated with concentrate sold to CCE's former North America business until the finished products manufactured from those concentrates are sold. For example
 in 2010
 most of our pre-Easter concentrate sales to CCE impacted our first quarter operating results. In 2011
 our Easter-related finished product sales had a greater impact on our second quarter operating results. As a result of this transaction
 the Company does not have an indirect ownership interest in New CCE's European operations. Therefore
The acquisition of CCE's former North America business has resulted in a significant adjustment to our overall cost structure
 especially in North America. The following inputs represent a substantial portion of the Company's total cost of goods sold: (1)&#160;sweeteners
 (2)&#160;metals
 (3)&#160;juices and (4)&#160;polyethylene terephthalate (PET). The majority of these costs are included within our North America and Bottling Investments operating segments. The Company increased our hedging activities related to certain commodities in order to mitigate a portion of the price risk associated with forecasted purchases. Many of the derivative financial instruments used by the Company to mitigate the risk associated with these commodity exposures do not qualify for hedge accounting. As a result
 the changes in fair value of these derivative instruments have been
 and will continue to be
In 2010
 the gross profit for our North America operating segment was negatively impacted by $235 million
The acquisition of CCE's former North America business increased the Company's selling
 general and administrative expenses
 primarily due to delivery-related expenses. Selling
 general and administrative expenses are typically higher
 as a percentage of net operating revenues
 for finished product operations compared to concentrate operations. Selling
 general and administrative expenses were also negatively impacted by the amortization of definite-lived intangible assets acquired in the acquisition. The Company recorded $650&#160;million of definite-lived acquired franchise rights that are being amortized over a weighted-average life of approximately eight&#160;years from the date of acquisition
 which is equal to the weighted-average remaining contractual term of the acquired franchise rights. In addition
 the Company recorded $380&#160;million of customer rights that are being amortized over 20 years. We estimate the amortization expense related to these definite-lived intangible assets to be approximately $100&#160;million per year for the next several years
 which will be recorded in selling
In connection with the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we assumed $7
602 million of long-term debt
 which had an estimated fair value of $9
345 million as of the acquisition date. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
In 2010
 the Company recognized a gain of $4
Prior to the closing of this acquisition
 we had accounted for our investment in CCE under the equity method of accounting. Under the equity method of accounting
 we recorded our proportionate share of CCE's net income or loss in the line item equity income (loss)&#160;&#8212;&#160;net in our consolidated statements of income. However
 as a result of this transaction
 beginning October&#160;2
 2010
 the Company no longer records equity income or loss related to CCE
 and therefore
The divestiture of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations had no impact on our consolidated unit case volume and consolidated concentrate sales volume
 for the same reasons discussed above in relation to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. The divestiture of these bottling operations reduced unit case volume for the Bottling Investments operating segment. In addition
 the divestiture reduced net operating revenues and net income for our consolidated operating results and the Bottling Investments operating segment. However
 since we divested a finished product business
 it had a positive impact on our gross profit margins and operating margins. Furthermore
This divestiture resulted in a gain of $597&#160;million in 2010
 which was classified in the line item other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statement of income. In 2011
We measure the volume of Company beverage products sold in two ways: (1)&#160;unit cases of finished products and (2)&#160;concentrate sales. As used in this report
 unit case means a unit of measurement equal to 192 U.S. fluid ounces of finished beverage (24 eight-ounce servings); and unit case volume means the number of unit cases (or unit case equivalents) of Company beverage products directly or indirectly sold by the Company and its bottling partners to customers. Unit case volume primarily consists of beverage products bearing Company trademarks. Also included in unit case volume are certain products licensed to
 or distributed by
 our Company
 and brands owned by Coca-Cola system bottlers for which our Company provides marketing support and from the sale of which we derive economic benefit. In addition
 unit case volume includes sales by joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest. We believe unit case volume is one of the measures of the underlying strength of the Coca-Cola system because it measures trends at the consumer level. The unit case volume numbers used in this report are derived based on estimates received by the Company from its bottling partners and distributors. Concentrate sales volume represents the amount of concentrates and syrups (in all cases expressed in equivalent unit cases) sold by
 or used in finished beverages sold by
 the Company to its bottling partners or other customers. Unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates are not necessarily equal during any given period. Factors such as seasonality
 bottlers' inventory practices
 supply point changes
 timing of price increases
 new product introductions and changes in product mix can impact unit case volume and concentrate sales volume and can create differences between unit case volume and concentrate sales volume growth rates. In addition to the items mentioned above
 the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures
 in which the Company has an equity interest
 but to which the Company does not sell concentrates or syrups
Year Ended December 31
1
1
Geographic segment data reflects unit case volume growth for all bottlers
 both consolidated and unconsolidated
 and distributors in the applicable geographic areas.
. The number of unit cases sold in 2012 does not include BPW unit case volume for those countries in which BPW was phased out in 2012
 nor does it include unit case volume of products distributed in the United States under a sublicense from a subsidiary of Nestl&#233; which terminated at the end of 2012. In addition
 the Company eliminated BPW and Nestl&#233; licensed unit case volume from the base year
 where applicable
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
In Eurasia and Africa
 unit case volume increased 11&#160;percent
 which consisted of 9&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 19&#160;percent growth in still beverages. The group's sparkling beverage growth was led by 10 percent growth in brand Coca-Cola
 11 percent growth in Trademark Sprite and 6 percent growth in Trademark Fanta. Growth in still beverages was primarily due to juices and juice drinks and included an 8 percentage point benefit attributable to acquired volume
 primarily related to our investments in Aujan. India reported 16&#160;percent unit case volume growth
 reflecting the impact of strong integrated marketing campaigns and primarily consisted of 33&#160;percent growth in brand Coca-Cola
 20&#160;percent growth in Trademark Sprite
 13&#160;percent growth in Trademark Thums Up and 26&#160;percent growth in our Maaza juice drink brand. In addition
 Russia reported unit case volume growth of 8 percent
 driven by growth of 20&#160;percent in brand Coca-Cola. Still beverage growth in Russia included growth of 13 percent and 23 percent in our juice brands Dobriy and Rich
 respectively. Eurasia and Africa also benefited from unit case volume growth of 21 percent in the Company's Middle East and North Africa business unit
 including a 9 percentage point benefit attributable to acquired volume
 primarily related to our investments in Aujan. South Africa had unit case volume growth of 6 percent
Unit case volume in Europe declined 1 percent
 which consisted of a 2 percent decline in sparkling beverages and minimal growth in still beverages. Germany reported unit case volume growth of 1 percent
 reflecting the Company's strong commercial campaigns such as our 2012 Olympic Games partnership and the Coca-Cola Christmas Truck Tour
 music-themed integrated marketing campaigns and a continued focus on low-calorie and no-calorie sparkling beverages. The favorable impact of growth in Germany was more than offset by volume declines in other markets. The group reported a decline in unit case volume of 3&#160;percent in the Northwest Europe and Nordics business unit and a volume decline of 1 percent in the Iberia business unit
 reflecting the challenges of continued weak consumer confidence
In Latin America
 unit case volume increased 5&#160;percent
 which consisted of 3&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 12&#160;percent growth in still beverages. The growth reported across Latin America was driven by continued investments in our brands
 strong activation of holiday programming
 and a continued focus on a differentiated occasion-based package
 price and channel strategy. The group's growth in sparkling beverages was led by 3&#160;percent growth in brand Coca-Cola
 6 percent growth in Trademark Fanta and 5 percent growth in Trademark Sprite. Still beverage growth in Latin America reflected 34 percent growth in ready-to-drink teas as a result of the newly launched Fuze Tea
 28 percent growth in sports drinks
 9 percent growth in packaged water and 12 percent growth in juices and juice drinks. Brazil reported unit case volume growth of 6&#160;percent
 which consisted of 3&#160;percent growth in brand Coca-Cola
Unit case volume in North America increased 2&#160;percent
 led by growth of 8 percent in still beverages. Still beverage growth in North America included 16 percent growth in ready-to-drink teas
 12 percent growth in sports drinks
 9 percent growth in packaged water and 2 percent growth in juices and juice drinks. The group reported 11 percent growth in Trademark Powerade
 reflecting the benefit of a strong 2012 Olympic Games activation. Growth in ready-to-drink teas included the continued strong growth of Gold Peak
 and the group's juices and juice drinks benefited from 7 percent growth in Trademark Simply. Dasani had unit case volume growth of 10&#160;percent and maintained its premium pricing position
 supported by our PlantBottle PET packaging. The group's growth in still beverages was partially offset by a volume decline of 1 percent in sparkling beverages. Although overall sparkling beverage volume declined in North America
 the group benefited from growth in Coca-Cola Zero and Trademark Fanta of 7 percent and 6 percent
In Pacific
 unit case volume increased 5&#160;percent
 which consisted of 4&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 8 percent growth in still beverages. The group's volume results included 4&#160;percent growth in China
 despite the impact of an economic slowdown in the country
 extremely wet weather in July and August and the shift in timing of the 2013 Chinese New Year. Sparkling beverage growth in China was led by growth of 21 percent in Trademark Fanta. Still beverage growth in China was primarily due to volume growth in packaged water. Japan's unit case volume increased 2&#160;percent
 which included a 3 percent increase in still beverages
 partially offset by a 2 percent decline in sparkling beverages. Still beverages in Japan benefited primarily from growth in the Company's ready-to-drink tea and coffee categories. The Pacific group also benefited from unit case volume growth of 22 percent in Thailand
Unit case volume for Bottling Investments increased 10 percent. The group had growth in key markets where we own or otherwise consolidate bottling operations
 including unit case volume growth of 4&#160;percent in China
 16&#160;percent in India
 5&#160;percent in the Philippines and 1&#160;percent in Germany. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 34&#160;percent
 65&#160;percent
 100 percent and 100&#160;percent of the unit case volume in China
 India
 the Philippines and Germany
 respectively. The group's volume growth included a benefit of 3 percentage points attributable to the acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
 Cambodia and Guatemala during the year ended December 31
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
In Eurasia and Africa
 unit case volume increased 6&#160;percent
 which consisted of 5&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 13&#160;percent growth in still beverages. The group's unit case volume growth was largely due to growth in our key markets
 including India and Turkey. India experienced 12 percent unit case volume growth
 which consisted of 12 percent growth in sparkling beverages and 11 percent growth in still beverages. India's growth in sparkling beverages was primarily due to 17&#160;percent growth in Trademark Sprite
 15 percent growth in Trademark Thums Up and 11 percent growth in Trademark        Coca-Cola. Still beverages in India benefited from 14 percent growth in our Kinley water brand and 11 percent growth in Maaza
 a component of our juice portfolio in India. The group also benefited from unit case volume growth of 10 percent in Turkey
 which included strong growth in brand Coca-Cola. Unit case volume grew 5 percent in Russia
 primarily due to our acquisition of OAO Nidan Juices (Nidan) in the third quarter of 2010. Excluding the impact of the acquired Nidan juice
Unit case volume in Europe increased 2&#160;percent
&#160;anniversary marketing campaign as well as other integrated marketing campaigns. The group had 2&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages
 including 3&#160;percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola and growth of 14&#160;percent in Coca-Cola Zero. Unit case volume for still beverages increased 2&#160;percent
 led by growth in energy drinks and tea. Germany's unit case volume increased 6&#160;percent
 primarily attributable to 6 percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola and 13&#160;percent growth in Trademark Fanta. Our German business continued to benefit from the Company's bottler restructuring efforts and our effective marketing campaigns. In addition
 France and Great Britain had growth of 5 percent and 4&#160;percent
 respectively
In Latin America
 unit case volume increased 6&#160;percent
 which consisted of 4&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 15&#160;percent growth in still beverages. The group's sparkling beverage unit case volume growth was led by 4&#160;percent growth in brand Coca-Cola. Still beverages benefited from the successful performance of Del Valle as well as strong growth in other still beverages
 including water and tea. Mexico had unit case volume growth of 9&#160;percent
 led by 7 percent growth in sparkling beverages
 which included 7&#160;percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola. In addition
 Argentina had 10&#160;percent growth in Trademark Coca-Cola which contributed to its overall unit case volume growth of 10&#160;percent. Argentina's unit case volume growth benefited from strong integrated marketing campaigns
Unit case volume in North America increased 4&#160;percent
 including 3&#160;percent growth attributable to the new license agreements with DPS. The group's unit case volume growth was driven by 3&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages
 primarily due to the sale of Dr Pepper brands under the new license agreements. Coca-Cola Zero continued its strong performance in North America with 11&#160;percent unit case volume growth. Unit case volume for still beverages in North America increased 4&#160;percent
 including 12&#160;percent growth in Trademark Powerade
 10&#160;percent growth in Trademark Dasani and 48 percent growth in Gold Peak. The growth in still beverages in North America was partially offset by a decline of 2 percent in juice and juice drinks
 a reflection of increased pricing to offset commodity costs. In December 2011
 the Company acquired Great Plains in the United States. As a result of this acquisition
 we report volume from cross-licensed brands
 primarily Dr Pepper
In Pacific
 unit case volume increased 5&#160;percent
 which consisted of 4&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages and 8&#160;percent growth in still beverages. The group's volume growth was led by 13&#160;percent growth in China
 which included 12&#160;percent growth in sparkling beverages attributable to strong growth in Trademark Sprite
 Coca-Cola and Fanta. The group also benefited from China's 16&#160;percent growth in still beverages
 including strong growth in Minute Maid Pulpy and other still beverages
 including water. In Japan
 unit case volume growth was even
 reflecting the impact of the earthquake and tsunami that devastated the northern and eastern portions of the country on March&#160;11
Unit case volume for Bottling Investments was even when compared to the prior year. The group had growth in key markets where we own or otherwise consolidate bottling operations
 including unit case volume growth of 13 percent in China
 12&#160;percent in India and 6 percent in Germany. The Company's consolidated bottling operations accounted for 34&#160;percent
 66&#160;percent and 100&#160;percent of the unit case volume in China
 India and Germany
 respectively. However
 growth in these markets was offset by the unfavorable impact of the Company's sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE during the fourth quarter of 2010 as well as a unit case volume decline of 9 percent in the Philippines where we own 100&#160;percent of the country's bottling operations.
. Likewise
 in 
&#32;were primarily due to the timing of concentrate shipments and the impact of unit case volume from certain joint ventures in which the Company has an equity interest
 but to which the Company does not sell concentrates
 syrups
Year Ended December 31
1
48
46
35
19
18
12
28
28
22
Selling
17
17
13
10
10
8
1
5
11
11
14
2
2
2
9
8
11
9
8
11
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. The Company's change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
The Company's net operating revenues increased $1
475&#160;million
The following table illustrates
 on a percentage basis
Price
Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases). For our Bottling Investments operating segment
Refer to the heading Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and New License Agreements above for additional information related to the structural changes that impacted our Latin America
 North America
Price
 product and geographic mix had a favorable 1&#160;percent impact on our consolidated net operating revenues. Price
 product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including
 but not limited to
North America was favorably impacted as a result of price increases
The unfavorable impact of foreign currency fluctuations decreased our consolidated net operating revenues by 3&#160;percent. The unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates was primarily due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the euro
 Mexican peso
 Brazilian real
 British pound
 South African rand and Australian dollar
 which impacted the Eurasia and Africa
 Europe
 Latin America
 Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the Japanese yen
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
The Company's net operating revenues increased $11
423&#160;million
Net operating revenues for the North America operating segment increased $9
366 million
 or 84 percent. This increase primarily reflects the impact of structural changes related to the acquisition of CCE's former North America business in addition to the impact of our license agreements with DPS. Net operating revenues for the North America operating segment also included a 1 percent increase in pricing to retailers
 driven by a 2 percent increase in pricing on sparkling beverages
The following table illustrates
 on a percentage basis
Price
Represents the total change in net operating revenues for Bottling Investments and each of our geographic operating segments
Represents the percent change in net operating revenues attributable to the increase (decrease) in concentrate sales volume for our geographic operating segments (expressed in equivalent unit cases). For our Bottling Investments operating segment
The structural change in the Bottling Investments operating segment was primarily related to the sale of all our ownership interests in our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE on October 2
 2010. Refer to the heading Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and New License Agreements above. The structural change in the Latin America operating segment was related to the sale of 50 percent of our investment in Le&#227;o Junior
Price
 product and geographic mix had a favorable 2&#160;percent impact on our international and Bottling Investments net operating revenues. Price
 product and geographic mix was impacted by a variety of factors and events including
 but not limited to
Europe's price mix was even
Latin America was favorably impacted by price mix as a result of pricing increases in a number of key markets. Also
 still beverages grew faster than sparkling beverages in Latin America
Pacific was unfavorably impacted by channel and product mix due to the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
Bottling Investments was favorably impacted by price mix as a result of pricing increases in a number of key markets
 including China
The favorable impact of foreign currency fluctuations increased net operating revenues for our international and Bottling Investments operating segments by 4&#160;percent. The favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates was primarily due to a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 Brazilian real
 British pound
 South African rand and Australian dollar
 which had a favorable impact on the Eurasia and Africa
 Europe
 Latin America
Year Ended December 31
The percentage contribution of each operating segment fluctuates over time due to net operating revenues in certain operating segments growing at a faster rate compared to other operating segments. Net operating revenue growth rates are impacted by sales volume
 structural changes
 price and product/geographic mix
 and foreign currency fluctuations. In 2012
 the percentage contribution of each operating segment did not change significantly when compared to 2011. In 2011
 the percentage of the Company's net operating revenues contributed by our North America operating segment increased 12.5 percentage points when compared to 2010 as a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business on October 2
 2010. The CCE acquisition resulted in a decrease in the proportionate share of the Company's consolidated net operating revenues contributed by our operating segments outside of North America for both 2011 and 2010. In addition
 the percentage of the Company's net operating revenues contributed by our Bottling Investments operating segment decreased 5.1&#160;percentage points in 2011 when compared to 2010
The size and timing of structural changes are not consistent from period to period. As a result
 anticipating the impact of such events on future net operating revenues
 and other financial statement line items
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
Our gross profit margin decreased to 60.3&#160;percent in 2012 from 60.9&#160;percent in 2011. This decrease reflected the unfavorable impact of continued increases in commodity costs during 2012 as well as temporary shifts in channel and package mix across markets as a result of the impact of current global economic conditions on consumers. In addition
 our gross profit margin was unfavorably impacted as a result of ongoing fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the impact of our acquisition of Great Plains in North America as well as our acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
The following inputs represent a substantial portion of the Company's total cost of goods sold: (1)&#160;sweeteners
 (2)&#160;metals
 (3)&#160;juices and (4)&#160;PET. The majority of these costs are included in our North America and Bottling Investments operating segments. The cost to purchase these inputs continued to increase in 2012 when compared to 2011
 and as a result the Company incurred incremental costs of $225 million related to these inputs during 2012. The Company anticipates that the cost of underlying commodities will continue to face upward pressure in 2013. We currently expect the incremental impact of increased commodity costs related to these inputs
 after considering our hedge positions
In recent years
 the Company has increased our hedging activities related to certain commodities in order to mitigate a portion of the price and foreign currency risk associated with forecasted purchases. Many of the derivative financial instruments used by the Company to mitigate the risk associated with these commodity exposures do not qualify
 or are not designated
 for hedge accounting. As a result
 the change in fair value of these derivative instruments has been
 and will continue to be
December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively
The favorable geographic mix was primarily due to many of our emerging markets recovering from the global recession at a quicker pace than our developed markets. Although this shift in geographic mix has a negative impact on net operating revenues
 it generally has a favorable impact on our gross profit margin due to the correlated impact it has on our product mix. The product mix in the majority of our emerging and developing markets is more heavily skewed toward our sparkling beverage products
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
Our gross profit margin decreased to 60.9&#160;percent in 2011 from 63.9&#160;percent in 2010. The decrease was primarily due to the full year impact of consolidating CCE's former North America business as well as a significant increase in commodity costs. The unfavorable impact of these items was partially offset by favorable geographic mix as a result of growth in our emerging and developing markets
 favorable product mix
 price increases in many of our key markets and foreign currency exchange fluctuations. In addition
The Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010 resulted in a significant adjustment to our overall cost structure
 especially in North America. Finished product operations typically have lower gross profit margins and greater exposure to fluctuations in the cost of raw materials when compared to concentrate operations. The following inputs represent a substantial portion of the Company's total cost of goods sold: (1)&#160;sweeteners
 (2)&#160;metals
 (3)&#160;juices and (4)&#160;PET. The majority of these costs are included in our North America and Bottling Investments operating segments. The cost to purchase these inputs increased significantly in 2011 when compared to 2010
Selling
The following table sets forth the significant components of selling
Year Ended December 31
3
3
2
8
8
3
5
5
5
Selling
17
17
13
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased $316 million
 or 2&#160;percent. Foreign currency fluctuations decreased selling
 general and administrative expenses by 3&#160;percent. The decrease in stock-based compensation expense in 2012 was primarily due to the reversal of previously recognized expenses related to the Company's long-term incentive compensation programs. As a result of the Company's revised outlook of the unfavorable impact foreign currency fluctuations are projected to have on certain performance periods
 the Company lowered the estimated payouts associated with these periods. Advertising expenses increased during the year and reflect the Company's continued investment in the health and strength of our brands and building market execution capabilities while simultaneously capturing incremental marketing efficiencies. The increase in bottling and distribution expenses includes the full year impact of the Company's acquisition of Great Plains in December 2011 as well as our acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
 Cambodia and Guatemala during 2012. Other operating expenses decreased during the year
In 2013
 our pension expense is expected to decrease by approximately $60 million compared to 2012. The anticipated decrease is primarily due to approximately $640&#160;million of contributions the Company expects to make to various plans in 2013
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased $4
228 million
 or 32&#160;percent. Foreign currency fluctuations increased selling
 general and administrative expenses by 3&#160;percent. The decrease in stock-based compensation expense was primarily related to the impact of modifications made to certain replacement performance share unit awards on our prior year results
 partially offset by higher estimated payouts tied to performance in conjunction with our long-term incentive compensation programs. Advertising expenses increased during the year and reflect the Company's continued investment in the health and strength of our brands and building market execution capabilities. The increase in bottling and distribution expenses was primarily due to the full year impact of consolidating CCE's former North America business in addition to our continued investments in our other bottling operations around the world. This increase was partially offset by the full year impact of the sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE during the fourth quarter of 2010. Other operating expenses decreased during the year
Year Ended December 31
In 2012
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $
&#32;associated with the refinement of previously established accruals related to the Company's 2008&#8211;2011 productivity initiatives
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and see below for further information on the Company's productivity and reinvestment program
 as well as the Company's other productivity
In 2011
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $
&#32;associated with the Company's productivity
&#32;of costs associated with the merger of Embotelladoras Arca
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and see below for additional information on the Company's productivity
In 2010
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $819&#160;million
 which consisted of $478&#160;million associated with the Company's productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives; $250&#160;million related to charitable contributions; $81&#160;million due to transaction costs incurred in connection with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations to New CCE; and $10&#160;million of charges related to bottling activities in Eurasia. The Company's integration activities included costs associated with the integration of CCE's former North America business
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and see below for additional information on the Company's productivity
In February 2012
The second component of our new productivity and reinvestment program involves beginning a new integration initiative in North America related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. The Company has identified incremental synergies
 primarily in the area of our North American product supply operations
As a combined productivity and reinvestment program
 the Company anticipates generating annualized savings of $550 million to $650 million
 which will be phased in over time. We expect to begin fully realizing the annual benefit of these savings in 2015
 the final year of the program. The savings generated by this program will be reinvested in brand-building initiatives
During 2011
 the Company successfully completed our four-year global productivity program and exceeded our target of providing $500 million in annualized savings from these initiatives. These savings have provided the Company additional flexibility to invest for growth. The Company generated these savings in a number of areas
 which include aggressively managing operating expenses supported by lean techniques
 redesigning key processes to drive standardization and effectiveness
 better leveraging our size and scale
 and driving savings in indirect costs through the implementation of a procure-to-pay program. In realizing these savings
In 2010
 the Company began an integration initiative related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business on October 2
 2010. Upon completion of the CCE transaction
 we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 into a unified bottling and customer service organization called CCR. In addition
 we reshaped our remaining CCNA operations into an organization that primarily provides franchise leadership and consumer marketing and innovation for the North American market. As a result of the transaction and related reorganization
 our North American businesses operate as aligned and agile organizations with distinct capabilities
In 2011
&#32;related to this initiative since the plan commenced in the fourth quarter of 2010
&#32;since they commenced. The Company is currently reviewing other integration and restructuring opportunities within the German bottling and distribution operations
 which if implemented will result in additional charges in future periods. However
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
Year Ended December 31
As demonstrated by the tables above
 the percentage contribution to operating income and operating margin by operating segment fluctuated from year to year. Operating income and operating margin by operating segment were influenced by a variety of factors and events
In 2012
 foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted consolidated operating income by 5&#160;percent. The unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates was primarily due to a stronger U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the euro
 Mexican peso
 Brazilian real
 British pound
 South African rand and Australian dollar
 which impacted the Eurasia and Africa
 Europe
 Latin America
 Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. The unfavorable impact of a stronger U.S. dollar compared to the currencies listed above was partially offset by the impact of a weaker U.S. dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the Japanese yen
In 2012
 operating income was unfavorably impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates by 11 percent for Eurasia and Africa
 4&#160;percent for Europe
 10&#160;percent for Latin America
In 2012
 our consolidated operating margin was favorably impacted by geographic mix. The favorable geographic mix was primarily due to many of our emerging markets recovering from the global recession at a quicker pace than our developed markets. Although this shift in geographic mix has a negative impact on net operating revenues
 it generally has a favorable impact on our gross profit margin and operating margin due to the correlated impact it has on our product mix. The product mix in the majority of our emerging and developing markets is more heavily skewed toward products in our sparkling beverage portfolio
 which generally yield a higher gross profit margin compared to our still beverages and finished products. Consequently
In 2012
 our consolidated operating income and operating margin were favorably impacted by the reversal of previously recognized expenses related to the Company's long-term incentive compensation programs. As a result of the Company's revised outlook of the unfavorable impact foreign currency fluctuations are projected to have on certain performance periods
In 2012
In 2012
 operating income declined for Europe as a result of lower sales volume and shifts in product
 package and channel mix across markets
In 2012
 operating income increased for Latin America
 reflecting solid volume growth and favorable pricing across the group
 partially offset by continued investments in the business
In 2012
 operating income increased for North America
 primarily due to positive volume growth and favorable pricing
In 2012
 operating income was reduced by $21 million for North America due to costs associated with the Company detecting residues of carbendazim
 a fungicide that is not registered in the United States for use on citrus products
 in orange juice imported from Brazil for distribution in the United States. As a result
In 2012
In 2012
 operating income was reduced by $1 million for Europe
 $227 million for North America
 $3 million for Pacific
In 2012
 operating income was increased by $4 million for Europe
In 2012
In 2011
 foreign currency exchange rates favorably impacted consolidated operating income by 4&#160;percent. The favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates was primarily due to a weaker U.S. dollar compared to most foreign currencies
 including the Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 Brazilian real
 British pound
 South&#160;African rand and Australian dollar
 which had a favorable impact on the Eurasia and Africa
 Europe
 Latin&#160;America
In 2011
 operating income was favorably impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates by 2&#160;percent for Europe
 4&#160;percent for Latin America
 1 percent for North America
 7&#160;percent for Pacific
In 2011
 our consolidated operating margin was favorably impacted by geographic mix. The favorable geographic mix was primarily due to many of our emerging markets recovering from the global recession at a quicker pace than our developed markets. Although this shift in geographic mix has a negative impact on net operating revenues
 it generally has a favorable impact on our gross profit margin and operating margin due to the correlated impact it has on our product mix. The product mix in the majority of our emerging and developing markets is more heavily skewed toward products in our sparkling beverage portfolio
In 2011
In 2011
 operating income and operating margin for Latin America were favorably impacted by volume growth across all of the group's business units and pricing increases in key markets
In 2011
 the operating margin for North America was unfavorably impacted by the full year impact of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business. Generally
In 2011
In 2011
In 2011
 operating income and operating margin for Pacific and North America were unfavorably impacted as a result of the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
 2011. Operating income was reduced by $82 million and $2 million for Pacific and North America
In 2011
In 2011
 operating income was reduced by $12 million for Eurasia and Africa
 $25 million for Europe
 $4 million for Latin America
 $374 million for North America
 $4 million for Pacific
 $89 million for Bottling Investments and $164&#160;million for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company&#8217;s productivity
In 2010
 foreign currency exchange rates favorably impacted consolidated operating income by 3&#160;percent. The favorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates was primarily due to a weaker U.S. dollar compared to most foreign currencies
 including the Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 Brazilian real
 South&#160;African rand and Australian dollar
 which had a favorable impact on the Eurasia and Africa
 Latin&#160;America
 Pacific and Bottling Investments operating segments. The favorable impact of a weaker U.S.&#160;dollar compared to the aforementioned currencies was partially offset by the impact of a stronger U.S.&#160;dollar compared to certain other foreign currencies
 including the euro and British pound
In 2010
 operating income was favorably impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates by 7&#160;percent for Eurasia and Africa
 3&#160;percent for Latin America
In 2010
 our consolidated operating margin was favorably impacted by geographic mix. The favorable geographic mix was primarily due to many of our emerging markets recovering from the global recession at a quicker pace than our developed markets. Although this shift in geographic mix has a negative impact on net operating revenues
 it generally has a favorable impact on our gross profit margin and operating margin due to the correlated impact it has on our product mix. The product mix in the majority of our emerging and developing markets is more heavily skewed toward products in our sparkling beverage portfolio
In 2010
 our consolidated operating margin was favorably impacted by the deconsolidation of certain entities as a result of the Company's adoption of new accounting guidance issued by the FASB. These entities are primarily bottling operations and have been accounted for under the equity method of accounting since they were deconsolidated on January&#160;1
 2010. Generally
In 2010
 the operating margin for the Latin America operating segment was favorably impacted by the sale of 50&#160;percent of our ownership interest in Le&#227;o Junior
 resulting in its deconsolidation
In 2010
 the operating margin for the North America operating segment was unfavorably impacted by the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business. Generally
In 2010
In 2010
 operating income for the North America operating segment was negatively impacted by $235&#160;million
 primarily due to the elimination of gross profit in inventory on intercompany sales and an inventory fair value adjustment as a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. Prior to the acquisition
 we recognized the profit associated with concentrate sales when the concentrate was sold to CCE
 excluding the portion that was deemed to be intercompany due to our previous ownership interest in CCE. However
 subsequent to the acquisition
In 2010
In 2010
 operating income was reduced by $7&#160;million for Eurasia and Africa
 $50&#160;million for Europe
 $133&#160;million for North America
 $22&#160;million for Pacific
 $122&#160;million for Bottling Investments and $485&#160;million for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's productivity
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
 compared to $
 a decrease of $12&#160;million
 or 2&#160;percent. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of lower average interest rates
 partially offset by higher average cash
 cash equivalents and short-term investment balances. The majority of the Company's cash
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
 2010
 compared to $
 an increase of $166&#160;million
 or 52&#160;percent. The increase was primarily due to the impact of higher average cash
 cash equivalents and short-term investment balances in addition to higher average interest rates
 particularly in international locations. The majority of the Company's cash
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
 compared to $
 a decrease of $20 million
 or 5 percent. This decrease reflects the impact of long-term debt maturities during the second quarter of 2012 and a net benefit related to interest rate swaps on our fixed-rate debt
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
 2010
 compared to $
 a decrease of $316 million
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
 equity income was $
 compared to equity income of $
 an increase of $129 million
 or 19 percent. This increase was primarily due to more favorable operating results reported by certain of our equity method investees
 a decrease in the impact of unusual or infrequent charges recorded by certain of our equity method investees
 and the Company's acquisition of an equity ownership interest in Aujan during 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
 2010
 equity income was $
1
025 million
 a decrease of $335 million
 or 33 percent. This decrease was primarily due to the Company's acquisition and consolidation of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010. As a result of this transaction
 the Company stopped recording equity income related to CCE beginning October 2
 2010
 and our 2011 consolidated statement of income reflects the full year impact of not having an equity interest in New CCE. Refer to the heading Structural Changes, Acquired Brands and New License Agreements above. In addition
 the decrease in equity income (loss) &#8212; net was partially due to the Company's sale of its investment in Coca-Cola Embonor
Other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net includes
 among other things
 the impact of foreign currency exchange gains and losses; dividend income; rental income; gains and losses related to the disposal of property
In 2012
 other income (loss) &#8212; net was income of $
 primarily related to a gain of $185 million due to the merger of Embotelladora Andina S.A. (Andina) and Embotelladoras Coca-Cola Polar S.A. (Polar); a gain of $92 million the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 issuing additional shares of its own stock at per share amounts greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment; dividend income of $44 million; and net gains of $31 million related to fluctuations in the fair value of the Company's trading securities and the sale of available-for-sale securities. The favorable impact of the previous items was partially offset by a charge of $108 million due to the loss we recognized on the pending sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated Philippine bottling operations to Coca-Cola FEMSA; a charge of $82 million related to the premium we paid in excess of the publicly traded market price to acquire an ownership interest in Mikuni Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
In 2011
 other income (loss) &#8212; net was income of $
&#32;the Company recognized due to Coca-Cola FEMSA issuing additional shares of its own stock at per share amounts greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment
In 2010
5
185&#160;million
 primarily related to a $4
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These gains were partially offset by a $265&#160;million charge related to preexisting relationships with CCE and foreign currency exchange losses of $148&#160;million. The charge related to preexisting relationships was primarily due to the write-off of our investment in infrastructure programs with CCE. The foreign currency exchange losses were primarily due to a charge of $103&#160;million related to the remeasurement of our Venezuelan subsidiary's net assets. Refer to the heading Liquidity, Capital Resources and Financial Position&#160;&#8212; Foreign Exchange below. In addition to the items mentioned above
Our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the United States
. As a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the Company
 certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants
 including Brazil
 Costa Rica
 Singapore and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from 
December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. In addition
 our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting
Year Ended December 31
1
5
6
17
11
12
13
21
Includes a tax expense of $133 million (or a 1.1 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
Includes a tax expense of $57 million on pretax net gains of $76 million (or a 0.3 percent impact on our effective tax rate) related to the following: a gain recognized as a result of the merger of Andina and Polar; a gain recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
&#32;related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to the net gain recognized as a result of the merger of Arca and Contal; the gain recognized on the sale of our investment in Embonor; and gains the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
&#32;related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to deferred tax expense on certain current year undistributed foreign earnings that are not considered indefinitely reinvested and amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
&#32;on a pretax gain of $4
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
In 2010
4
&#32;pretax remeasurement gain associated with the acquisition of CCE's former North America business. This remeasurement gain was not recognized for tax purposes and therefore no tax expense was recorded on this gain. Also
 as a result of this acquisition
&#32;of deferred tax liabilities which were associated with our equity investment in CCE prior to the acquisition. In addition
&#32;charge related to the settlement of preexisting relationships with CCE
December&#160;31
 2012
. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be a benefit to the Company's effective tax rate of $
 exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. The remaining $
 which was recorded as a deferred tax asset
Year Ended December 31

December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. Of these amounts
&#32;of expense
 $
 
 respectively. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
Based on current tax laws
Liquidity
We believe our ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of our fundamental financial strengths. Refer to the heading Cash Flows from Operating Activities below. The near-term outlook for our business remains strong
 and we expect to generate substantial cash flows from operations in 2013. As a result of our expected cash flows from operations
 we have significant flexibility to meet our financial commitments. The Company does not typically raise capital through the issuance of stock. Instead
 we use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital and increase our return on shareowners' equity. Refer to the heading Cash Flows from Financing Activities below. We have a history of borrowing funds domestically and continue to have the ability to borrow funds domestically at reasonable interest rates. Our debt financing includes the use of an extensive commercial paper program as part of our overall cash management strategy. The Company reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt regularly and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper
 short-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. In addition to the Company's cash balances
 commercial paper program
 and our ability to issue long-term debt
6
December&#160;31
We have significant operations outside the United States. Unit case volume outside the United States represented approximately 80 percent of the Company's worldwide unit case volume in 2012. We earn a substantial amount of our consolidated operating income and income before income taxes in foreign subsidiaries that either sell concentrate to our local bottling partners or
 in certain instances
 sell finished products directly to our customers to fulfill the demand for Company beverage products outside the United States. A significant portion of these foreign earnings is considered to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign jurisdictions. The Company's cash
 cash equivalents
December&#160;31
. With the exception of an insignificant amount
federal and state income taxes have already been provided
 we do not intend
 nor do we foresee a need
 to repatriate these funds. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company's subsidiaries in Argentina and Venezuela held $247 million and $353 million
 respectively
 of cash
 cash equivalents
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Venezuelan government devalued its currency
 which will result in the Company remeasuring the net assets of our subsidiary in Venezuela. Based on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities denominated in Venezuelan bolivar as of December 31
 2012
Net operating revenues in the United States were $19.7 billion in 2012
 or 41 percent of the Company's consolidated net operating revenues. We expect existing domestic cash
 cash equivalents
 short-term investments
 marketable securities
 cash flows from operations and the issuance of domestic debt to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities. In addition
 we expect existing foreign cash
 cash equivalents
 short-term investments
In the future
 should we require more capital to fund significant discretionary activities in the United States than is generated by our domestic operations
 or is available through the issuance of domestic debt
 we could elect to repatriate future periods' earnings from foreign jurisdictions. This alternative could result in a higher effective tax rate. While the likelihood is remote
 the Company could also elect to repatriate earnings from foreign jurisdictions that have previously been considered to be indefinitely reinvested. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise
 the Company would be subject to additional U.S. income taxes (net of an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and withholding taxes payable to various foreign jurisdictions
Based on all the aforementioned factors
 the Company believes its current liquidity position is strong
 and we will continue to meet all of our financial commitments for the foreseeable future. These commitments include
 but are not limited to
 regular quarterly dividends
 debt maturities
 capital expenditures
December&#160;31
 2012
10
645 million
9
9
532 million
Cash flows from operating activities increased $1
171&#160;million
 or 12&#160;percent
. This increase reflects higher receipts from customers
The Company discontinued the temporary extension of its credit terms in Japan during the first quarter of 2012. We originally extended our credit terms in Japan during the second quarter of 2011 as a result of the natural disasters that devastated portions of the country on March 11
December&#160;31
Cash flows from operating activities decreased $58&#160;million
 or 1&#160;percent
. This decrease was primarily attributable to an increase in contributions to our pension plans of $924 million during 2011
 compared to contributions of $77 million in 2010; the temporary extension of the Company's credit terms in Japan as a result of the natural disasters that devastated the northern and eastern portions of the country during the first quarter of 2011; an increase in interest payments related to long-term debt; and an increase in cash payments related to our productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives. The unfavorable impact of these items was partially offset by an increase in cash receipts from customers
 a decrease in tax payments
Year Ended December 31
(9
(4
(4
5
5
4
(1
(2
(5
2
Purchases of property
(2
(2
(2
Proceeds from disposals of property
(11
(2
(4
Net cash used in investing activities increased $8
. This increase was primarily related to a change in the Company's overall cash management program. In an effort to manage counterparty risk and diversify our assets
 the Company began to make additional investments in high-quality securities. These investments are primarily classified as available-for-sale securities. Refer to 
9
590 million
5
. This activity resulted in a net cash outflow of $3
968&#160;million during 
4
5
647 million
 resulting in a net cash inflow of $1
590 million. In 
4
4
032 million
 resulting in a net cash outflow of $547 million. These short-term investments are time deposits that have maturities of greater than three months but less than one year and are classified in the line item short-term investments in our consolidated balance sheets.
1
. These activities were primarily related to the following: our investments in the existing beverage business of Aujan
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East; our investment in Mikuni
 a bottling partner located in Japan; our acquisition of Sacramento Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Inc. (Sacramento bottler); and our acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
 Cambodia and Guatemala. None of the Company's other acquisitions or investments were individually significant.
. These activities were primarily related to the acquisitions of Great Plains and Honest Tea
 Inc. (Honest Tea)
 and an additional investment in Coca-Cola Central Japan Company (Central Japan). In addition
 the Company's acquisition and investment activities during 2011 included immaterial cash payments for the finalization of working capital adjustments related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. Refer to our discussion of this transaction below. None of the Company's other acquisitions or investments were individually significant.
2
511 million
 which was primarily related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business; DPS license agreements; our acquisition of Nidan
December&#160;31
 2012
 
5
266 million
 primarily due to a change in the Company's overall cash management program. In an effort to manage counterparty risk and diversify our assets
 the Company began to make additional investments in high-quality securities. Refer to 
 purchases of other investments were $
 primarily related to long-term investments made by the Company for nonoperating activities. These investments are primarily classified as available-for-sale securities.
2
189 million
 proceeds from disposals of bottling companies and other investments were $
Property
Purchases of property
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;were $2
637 million
 $2
819 million and $2
081&#160;million
 respectively. Total capital expenditures for property
Year Ended December 31
2
2
2
In 2012
 other investing activities were primarily related to the Company's consolidated Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations being classified as held for sale as of December 31
In 2011
In 2010
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. The cash flow impact in other investing activities primarily represents the balance of cash and cash equivalents on the deconsolidated entities' balance sheets as of December&#160;31
Year Ended December 31
42
27
15
(38
(22
(13
1
1
1
(4
(4
(2
(4
(4
(4
(3
(2
(3
Our Company maintains debt levels we consider prudent based on our cash flows
 interest coverage ratio and percentage of debt to capital. We use debt financing to lower our overall cost of capital
As of December&#160;31
 2012
 our long-term debt was rated AA- by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor's
 Aa3 by Moody's and A+ by Fitch. Our commercial paper program was rated A-1+ by Standard&#160;&amp; Poor's
 P-1 by Moody's and F-1 by Fitch. In assessing our credit strength
 all three agencies consider our capital structure (including the amount and maturity dates of our debt) and financial policies as well as the aggregated balance sheet and other financial information of the Company. In addition
 some rating agencies also consider the financial information of certain bottlers
 including New CCE
 Coca-Cola Amatil
 Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
 Coca-Cola FEMSA and Coca-Cola Hellenic. While the Company has no legal obligation for the debt of these bottlers
 the rating agencies believe the strategic importance of the bottlers to the Company's business model provides the Company with an incentive to keep these bottlers viable. It is our expectation that the credit rating agencies will continue using this methodology. If our credit ratings were to be downgraded as a result of changes in our capital structure
 our major bottlers' financial performance
 changes in the credit rating agencies' methodology in assessing our credit strength
 or for any other reason
 our cost of borrowing could increase. Additionally
 if certain bottlers' credit ratings were to decline
We monitor our financial ratios and
 as indicated above
 the rating agencies consider these ratios in assessing our credit ratings. Each rating agency employs a different aggregation methodology and has different thresholds for the various financial ratios. These thresholds are not necessarily permanent
Our global presence and strong capital position give us access to key financial markets around the world
 enabling us to raise funds at a low effective cost. This posture
 coupled with active management of our mix of short-term and long-term debt and our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt
 results in a lower overall cost of borrowing. Our debt management policies
 in conjunction with our share repurchase programs and investment activity
December&#160;31
 2012
6
In 2012
$42
791 million
 which included $40
008 million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. The Company's total issuances of debt also included long-term debt issuances of $2
783 million
During the first quarter of 2012
2
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2014
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 13
 2015
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2018
In 2012
38
. Total payments of debt included $1
553 million of net payments of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less
 and $35
118 million of payments of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. The Company's total payments of debt also included long-term debt payments of $1
In 2011
27
495 million
 which included $25
219 million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. The Company's total issuances of debt also included long-term debt issuances of $2
276 million
2
1
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2016
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2021
During the fourth quarter of 2011
&#32;and was not scheduled to mature until 2012. This debt was outstanding prior to the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business. In addition
During the first quarter of 2011
During the second quarter of 2011
During the third quarter of 2011
In 2011
22
530 million
 including the repurchased debt discussed above. Total payments of debt included $91 million of net payments of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90 days or less
 and $20
334 million of payments of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90 days. The Company's total payments of debt also included long-term debt payments of $2
&#32;in the line item interest expense in our consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31
 2011. This net charge was due to the exchange
In 2010
15
251 million
 which included $1
171&#160;million of net issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities of 90&#160;days or less
 and $9
503&#160;million of issuances of commercial paper and short-term debt with maturities greater than 90&#160;days. We also assumed $7.9 billion of debt as a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. In addition
 on November&#160;15
 2010
 the Company issued $4
500&#160;million of long-term notes. The proceeds from the debt issuance were used to repurchase $2
910&#160;million of long-term debt
 and the remainder was used to reduce our commercial paper balance. The long-term notes issued on November&#160;15
 2010
$1
250&#160;million total principal notes due May&#160;15
 2012
$1
250&#160;million total principal notes due November&#160;15
 2013
$1
000&#160;million total principal notes due November&#160;15
 2015
$1
000&#160;million total principal notes due November&#160;15
 2020
In 2010
13
403 million
 including the repurchased long-term debt discussed above. Total payments of debt also included $9
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
&#160;years. The amortization of these fair value adjustments will be a reduction of interest expense in future periods
 which will typically result in our interest expense being less than the actual interest paid to service the debt. Total interest paid was $
 $
 
 respectively. Refer to 
On July&#160;20
 2006
 the Board of Directors of the Company authorized a share repurchase program of up to 600&#160;million shares of the Company's common stock. The program took effect on October&#160;31
 2006. Although there are approximately 43 million shares that may yet be purchased under this share repurchase program
 the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program of up to 500 million shares of the Company's common stock on October 18
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
 2012
 we have purchased approximately 3.0&#160;billion shares of our Company's common stock at an average price per share of $12.75. In addition to shares repurchased under the stock repurchase plans authorized by our Board of Directors
 the Company's treasury stock activity also includes shares surrendered to the Company to pay the exercise price and/or to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with so-called stock swap exercises of employee stock options and/or the vesting of restricted stock issued to employees. In 2012
 we repurchased $4.5 billion of our stock. However
 due to the timing of settlements
 the total amount of treasury stock purchases that settled during 2012 was $4.6 billion
 which includes treasury stock that was purchased and settled during 2012 as well as treasury stock purchased in December 2011 that settled in early 2012. The net impact of the Company's treasury stock issuance and purchase activities in 2012 resulted in a net cash outflow of $3.1 billion. We currently expect to repurchase an additional $3.0&#160;billion to $3.5&#160;billion of our stock during 2013
At its February 2013 meeting
 our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend by 10&#160;percent
 raising it to $0.28 per share
&#32;per share
 $
 
 respectively. The 
In accordance with the definition under SEC rules
a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit
any obligation arising out of a material variable interest held by the registrant in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing
 liquidity
 market risk or credit risk support to the registrant
 or engages in leasing
December&#160;31
 2012
 we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $
&#32;was related to VIEs. These guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers
 bottlers
 vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. These guarantees have various terms
 and none of these guarantees were individually significant. The amount represents the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however
December&#160;31
 2012
 we were not directly liable for the debt of any unconsolidated entity
December&#160;31
 2012
6
&#32;in lines of credit for general corporate purposes. These backup lines of credit expire at various times from 2013 through 2017. There were no borrowings under these backup lines of credit during 2012. These credit facilities are subject to normal banking terms and conditions. Some of the financial arrangements require compensating balances
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company's contractual obligations
 including payments due by period
16
16
1
1
Long-term debt
14
4
3
6
4
2
14
9
1
2
4
2
1
57
31
8
4
12
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding short-term loans and notes payable. Upon payment of outstanding commercial paper
 we typically issue new commercial paper. Lines of credit and other short-term borrowings are expected to fluctuate depending upon current liquidity needs
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding long-term debt. We will consider several alternatives to settle this long-term debt
 including the use of cash flows from operating activities
December&#160;31
 2012
 the noncurrent portion of our income tax liability
 including accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits
 was $410&#160;million
 which was not included in the total above. At this time
 the settlement period for the noncurrent portion of our income tax liability cannot be determined. In addition
Purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms
 including long-term contractual obligations
 open purchase orders
December&#160;31
 2012
 was $3
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. This amount is impacted by
 among other items
 pension expense
 funding levels
 plan amendments
 changes in plan demographics and assumptions
 and the investment return on plan assets. Because the accrued liability does not represent expected liquidity needs
The Pension Protection Act of 2006 (PPA) was enacted in August 2006 and established
 among other things
December&#160;31
 2012
 the projected benefit obligation of the U.S. qualified pension plans was $6
604&#160;million
 and the fair value of plan assets was $5
December&#160;31
 2012
 the projected benefit obligation of all pension plans other than the U.S. qualified pension plans was $3
089&#160;million
 and the fair value of all other pension plan assets was $2
035&#160;million. The majority of this underfunding is attributable to an international pension plan for certain non-U.S. employees that is unfunded due to tax law restrictions
 as well as our unfunded U.S. nonqualified pension plans. These U.S. nonqualified pension plans provide
 for certain associates
 benefits that are not permitted to be funded through a qualified plan because of limits imposed by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. The expected benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans are not included in the table above. However
 we anticipate annual benefit payments for these unfunded pension plans to be approximately $65&#160;million in 2013 and remain near that level through 2025
In 2013
In general
 we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however
 we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company's risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company's self-insured losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 were $5
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. This amount is not included in the total contractual obligations table because we believe that presentation would not be meaningful. Deferred income tax liabilities are calculated based on temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their respective book bases
 which will result in taxable amounts in future years when the liabilities are settled at their reported financial statement amounts. The results of these calculations do not have a direct connection with the amount of cash taxes to be paid in any future periods. As a result
 scheduling deferred income tax liabilities as payments due by period could be misleading
Our international operations are subject to certain opportunities and risks
 including currency fluctuations and governmental actions. We closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to changing economic and political environments
 and to fluctuations in foreign currencies.
 we used 81 functional currencies. Due to our global operations
 weakness in some of these currencies might be offset by strength in others. In 
 
 the weighted-average exchange rates for foreign currencies in which the Company conducted operations (all operating currencies)
 and for certain individual currencies
Year Ended December 31
These percentages do not include the effects of our hedging activities and
 therefore
 do not reflect the actual impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates on our operating results. Our foreign currency management program is designed to mitigate
 over time
 a portion of the impact of exchange rate changes on our net income and earnings per share. The total currency impact on operating income
 including the effect of our hedging activities
 was a decrease of approximately 5&#160;percent and an increase of approximately 4 percent in 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Based on spot rates as of the beginning of February 2013
 our hedging coverage in place
 and the impact of Venezuela's currency devaluation discussed below
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Foreign currency exchange gains and losses are included as a component of other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated financial statements. Refer to the heading Operations Review&#160;&#8212; Other Income (Loss)&#160;&#8212; Net above. The Company recorded foreign currency exchange losses of $2 million
 $73 million and $148&#160;million in 
 
Our Company conducts business in more than 200 countries
In 2010
 Venezuela was determined to be a hyperinflationary economy
 and the Venezuelan government devalued the bolivar by resetting the official rate of exchange (&#8220;official rate&#8221;) from 2.15 bolivars per U.S. dollar to 2.6 bolivars per U.S. dollar for essential goods and 4.3&#160;bolivars per U.S. dollar for nonessential goods. In order to utilize the official rate
 entities must seek approval from the government-operated Foreign Exchange Administration Board (&#8220;CADIVI&#8221;). In accordance with hyperinflationary accounting under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 our local subsidiary was required to use the U.S. dollar as its functional currency. As a result
In June 2010
 the Venezuelan government introduced a newly regulated foreign currency exchange system known as the Transaction System for Foreign Currency Denominated Securities (SITME). This system
 which was subject to annual limits
 enabled entities domiciled in Venezuela to exchange their bolivars to U.S. dollars through authorized financial institutions (commercial banks
 savings and lending institutions
In December 2010
 the Venezuelan government announced that it was eliminating the official rate of 2.6 bolivars per U.S. dollar for essential goods. As a result
 the only two exchange rates available for remeasuring bolivar-denominated transactions were the official rate of 4.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar for nonessential goods and the SITME rate. As discussed above
 the Company remeasured the net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary using the official rate for nonessential goods of 4.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar starting on January&#160;1
 2010. Therefore
Subsequent to December 31
 2012
 the Venezuelan government devalued its currency further to an official rate of 6.3 bolivars per U.S. dollar. The government also announced that it was discontinuing the SITME foreign exchange system. As a result
 the Company will remeasure the net assets of our local subsidiary and recognize the related gains or losses from remeasurement in the line item other income (loss) &#8212; net in our consolidated statement of income. Based on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities denominated in Venezuelan bolivar as of December 31
 2012
The Company will continue to use the official rate to remeasure the net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary. If the official rate devalues further
 it would result in our Company recognizing additional foreign currency exchange gains or losses in our consolidated financial statements. As of December&#160;31
 2012
In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net assets
 we also sell concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. If we are unable to utilize a government-approved exchange rate mechanism to settle future concentrate sales to our bottling partner in Venezuela
 the Company's outstanding receivables balance related to these sales will continue to increase. In addition
 we have certain intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. If the bolivar further devalues
 it could result in the impairment of these intangible assets. As of December&#160;31
 2012
The Company will continue to manage its foreign currency exposure to mitigate
 over time
Inflation affects the way we operate in many markets around the world. In general
 we believe that
 over time
December 31
8
12
(4
5
1
3
3
2
2
4
4
3
3
2
3
2
2
9
7
1
Other investments
1
1
3
3
Property
14
14
6
6
7
7
12
12
1
1
86
79
6
8
9
16
12
3
1
2
14
13
1
5
5
4
4
53
48
4
33
31
1
4
361 million
 or 
 primarily due to a change in the Company's overall cash management program which resulted in more of our cash balances being transferred into short-term investments as well as high-quality marketable securities. As a result of this change in strategy
3
2
. A majority of the Company's consolidated cash
 cash equivalents
2
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these transactions and their impact on other line items in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
1
983 million
 or 
 primarily due to the Company's new investments in Aujan
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East
 and Mikuni
 a bottling partner located in Japan. The increase was also due to the impact of the merger of Andina and Polar
3
426 million
 or 
&#32;of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on these transactions and their impact on other line items in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
1
080 million
 or 
Our Company uses derivative financial instruments primarily to reduce our exposure to adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
 interest rates
 commodity prices and other market risks. We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. As a matter of policy
 all of our derivative positions are used to reduce risk by hedging an underlying economic exposure. Because of the high correlation between the hedging instrument and the underlying exposure
 fluctuations in the value of the instruments are generally offset by reciprocal changes in the value of the underlying exposure. The Company generally hedges anticipated exposures up to 36&#160;months in advance; however
We monitor our exposure to financial market risks using several objective measurement systems. In prior years
 the Company primarily used the value at risk methodology for its quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk. However
 with the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business in 2010
 and the related changes to our consolidated balance sheet
 the Company has provided a sensitivity analysis to measure our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
We manage most of our foreign currency exposures on a consolidated basis
 which allows us to net certain exposures and take advantage of any natural offsets. In 
 we used 81 functional currencies and generated $28
285 million of our net operating revenues from operations outside the United States; therefore
Our Company enters into forward exchange contracts and purchases currency options (principally euro and Japanese yen) and collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. Additionally
The total notional value of our foreign currency derivatives was $11
148 million and $10
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 we estimate that an unfavorable 10&#160;percent change in the foreign currency exchange rates would have eliminated the net unrealized gain and created an unrealized loss of $254 million. The fair value of the contracts that do not qualify for hedge accounting resulted in an asset of $36&#160;million
 and we estimate that an unfavorable 10&#160;percent change in rates would have increased our net losses by $372&#160;million. All losses were offset by changes in the underlying hedged item
The Company is subject to interest rate volatility with regard to existing and future issuances of debt. We monitor our mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt
 as well as our mix of short-term debt versus long-term debt. From time to time
December&#160;31
 2012
. However
In 2012
 we changed our overall cash management program and made additional investments in highly liquid debt securities. As a result
 we are exposed to interest rate risk related to these investments. These investments are primarily managed by external managers within the guidelines of the Company's investment policy. Our policy requires investments to be investment grade
 with the primary objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. In addition
The Company is subject to market risk with respect to commodity price fluctuations
 principally related to our purchases of aluminum and plastic
 sweeteners and energy. Whenever possible
 we manage our exposure to commodity risks primarily through the use of supplier pricing agreements that enable us to establish the purchase prices for certain inputs that are used in our manufacturing and distribution business. We also use derivative financial instruments to manage our exposure to commodity risks at times. Certain of these derivatives do not qualify for hedge accounting
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively. These contracts resulted in a liability of $1&#160;million. The potential change in fair value of these commodity derivative instruments
 assuming a 10&#160;percent decrease in underlying commodity prices
Open commodity derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting had a notional value of $1
084 million and $1
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively. These contracts had a fair value of $28&#160;million. The potential change in fair value of these commodity derivative instruments
 assuming a 10&#160;percent decrease in underlying commodity prices
Year Ended December 31
48
46
35
19
18
12
28
28
22
Selling
17
17
13
10
10
8
1
5
11
11
14
2
2
2
9
8
11
9
8
11
4
4
4
4
4
4
Year Ended December 31
9
8
11
8
7
11
8
7
11
December 31
8
12
5
1
TOTAL CASH
13
13
3
Trade accounts receivable
 less allowances of $53 and $83
4
4
3
3
2
3
2
30
25
9
7
OTHER INVESTMENTS
1
1
3
3
PROPERTY
14
14
6
6
7
7
12
12
1
1
86
79
8
9
16
12
1
2
27
24
14
13
5
5
4
4
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Common stock
 $0.25 par value; Authorized&#160;&#8212; 11
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Issued&#160;&#8212; 7
040 and 7
040 shares
1
1
11
10
58
53
(3
(2
Treasury stock
 at cost&#160;&#8212; 2
571 and 2
514 shares
(35
(31
32
31
33
31
86
79
Year Ended December 31
9
8
11
1
1
1
1
(4
(1
(1
10
9
9
(9
(4
(4
5
5
4
(1
(2
(5
2
Purchases of property
(2
(2
(2
Proceeds from disposals of property
(11
(2
(4
42
27
15
(38
(22
(13
1
1
1
(4
(4
(2
(4
(4
(4
(3
(2
(3
(4
4
1
12
8
7
8
12
8
Year Ended December 31
4
4
4
4
4
4
1
1
1
10
9
7
11
10
9
53
49
41
9
8
11
Dividends (per share&#160;&#8212; $1.02
 $0.94 and $0.88 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
(4
(4
(4
58
53
49
(2
(1
(1
(3
(2
(1
(31
(27
(25
(4
(4
(3
(35
(31
(27
32
31
31
&#32;nonalcoholic beverage brands
 primarily sparkling beverages but also a variety of still beverages such as waters
 enhanced waters
 juices and juice drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
&#32;of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola
 Diet Coke
 Fanta and Sprite. Finished beverage products bearing our trademarks
 sold in the United States since 1886
We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations
 bottling partners
 distributors
&#160;beverage servings of all types consumed worldwide every day
On October 2
 2010
 we acquired the former North America business of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE)
 one of our major bottlers
 consisting of CCE's production
 sales and distribution operations in the United States
 Canada
 the British Virgin Islands
 the United States Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands
 and a substantial majority of CCE's corporate segment. Upon completion of the CCE transaction
 we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 into a unified bottling and customer service organization called Coca-Cola Refreshments (CCR). In addition
Our Company markets
beverage concentrates
 sometimes referred to as beverage bases, and syrups
Generally
In our concentrate operations
 we typically generate net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to authorized bottling and canning operations (to which we typically refer as our bottlers or our bottling partners). Our bottling partners either combine the concentrates with sweeteners (depending on the product)
 still water and/or sparkling water
 or combine the syrups with sparkling water to produce finished beverages. The finished beverages are packaged in authorized containers bearing our trademarks or trademarks licensed to us&#160;&#8212; such as cans and refillable and nonrefillable glass and plastic bottles&#160;&#8212; and are then sold to retailers directly or
 in some cases
 through wholesalers or other bottlers. Outside the United States
 we also sell concentrates for fountain beverages to our bottling partners who are typically authorized to manufacture fountain syrups
 which they sell to fountain retailers such as restaurants and convenience stores which use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
Our finished product operations consist primarily of the production
 sales and distribution operations managed by CCR and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations. CCR is included in our North America operating segment
 and our Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment. Our finished product operations generate net operating revenues by selling sparkling beverages and a variety of still beverages
 such as juices and juice drinks
 energy and sports drinks
 ready-to-drink teas and coffees
 and certain water products
 to retailers or to distributors
 wholesalers and bottling partners who distribute them to retailers. In addition
 in the United States
 we manufacture fountain syrups and sell them to fountain retailers
 such as restaurants and convenience stores who use the fountain syrups to produce beverages for immediate consumption
 or to authorized fountain wholesalers or bottling partners who resell the fountain syrups to fountain retailers. In the United States
Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Although these estimates are based on our knowledge of current events and actions we may undertake in the future
 actual results may ultimately differ from these estimates and assumptions. Furthermore
 when testing assets for impairment in future periods
 if management uses different assumptions or if different conditions occur
We use the equity method to account for investments in companies
 if our investment provides us with the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of the investee. Our consolidated net income includes our Company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies. Our judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest
 representation on the board of directors
We eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. The market-related value of assets is used to determine the Company's expected return on assets
 a component of our annual pension expense calculation. The Company previously used a smoothing technique to calculate our market-related value of assets
 which reflected changes in the fair value over no more than five years. However
 we now use the actual fair value of plan assets to determine our expected return on those assets for all of our defined benefit plans. Although both methods are permitted under accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#160;States
 the Company believes our new methodology is preferable as it accelerates the recognition of gains and losses in the determination of our annual pension expense. The Company's change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
Our Company consolidates all entities that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest as well as VIEs for which our Company is the primary beneficiary. Generally
 we consolidate only business enterprises that we control by ownership of a majority voting interest. However
 there are situations in which consolidation is required even though the usual condition of consolidation (ownership of a majority voting interest) does not apply. Generally
 this occurs when an entity holds an interest in another business enterprise that was achieved through arrangements that do not involve voting interests
 which results in a disproportionate relationship between such entity's voting interests in
 and its exposure to the economic risks and potential rewards of
 the other business enterprise. This disproportionate relationship results in what is known as a variable interest
 and the entity in which we have the variable interest is referred to as a VIE. An enterprise must consolidate a VIE if it is determined to be the primary beneficiary of the VIE. The primary beneficiary has both (a)&#160;the power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance
Our Company holds interests in certain VIEs
 primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations
. Although these financial arrangements resulted in us holding variable interests in these entities
 they did not empower us to direct the activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact the VIEs' economic performance. Our Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively
 representing our maximum exposures to loss. The Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
In addition
 our Company holds interests in certain VIEs
 primarily bottling and container manufacturing operations
 for which we were determined to be the primary beneficiary. As a result
 we have consolidated these entities. Our Company's investments
 plus any loans and guarantees
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively
Creditors of our VIEs do not have recourse against the general credit of the Company
Our Company classifies long-lived assets (disposal groups) to be sold as held for sale in the period in which all of the following criteria are met: management
 having the authority to approve the action
 commits to a plan to sell the asset (disposal group); the asset (disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets (disposal groups); an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset (disposal group) have been initiated; the sale of the asset (disposal group) is probable
 and transfer of the asset (disposal group) is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year
We initially measure a long-lived asset (disposal group) that is classified as held for sale at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held-for-sale criteria are met. Conversely
 gains are not recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset (disposal group) until the date of sale. We assess the fair value of a long-lived asset (disposal group) less any costs to sell each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale and report any subsequent changes as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset (disposal group)
Upon determining that a long-lived asset (disposal group) meets the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 the Company reports the assets and liabilities of the disposal group
 if material
 in the line items assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale
 respectively
Factors that could adversely impact the Company's operations or financial results include
 but are not limited to
 the following: obesity and other health concerns; water scarcity and poor quality; changes in the nonalcoholic beverage business environment and retail landscape; increased competition; increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity; consolidation in the retail channel or the loss of key retail or foodservice customers; an inability to expand operations in developing and emerging markets; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; interest rate increases; an inability to maintain good relationships with our bottling partners; a deterioration in our bottling partners' financial condition; increases in income tax rates
 changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters; increased or new indirect taxes in the United States or in other major markets; increased cost
 disruption of supply or shortage of energy or fuels; increased cost
 disruption of supply or shortage of ingredients
 other raw materials or packaging materials; changes in laws and regulations relating to beverage containers and packaging; significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products; an inability to protect our information systems against service interruption
 misappropriation of data or breaches of security; unfavorable general economic conditions in the United States; unfavorable economic and political conditions in international markets; litigation or legal proceedings; adverse weather conditions; climate change; damage to our brand image and corporate reputation from negative publicity related to product safety or quality
 human and workplace rights
 obesity or other issues
 even if unwarranted; changes in
 or failure to comply with
obligations to us or failing; an inability to realize additional benefits targeted by our productivity and reinvestment program; an inability to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms
 or we or our bottling partners experience strikes
Our Company recognizes revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 delivery of products has occurred
 the sales price charged is fixed or determinable
 and collectibility is reasonably assured. For our Company
 this generally means that we recognize revenue when title to our products is transferred to our bottling partners
 resellers or other customers. In particular
 title usually transfers upon shipment to or receipt at our customers' locations
Our customers can earn certain incentives including
 but not limited to
 cash discounts
 funds for promotional and marketing activities
 volume-based incentive programs and support for infrastructure programs. The costs associated with these incentives are included in deductions from revenue
 a component of net operating revenues in our consolidated statements of income. For customer incentives that must be earned
 management must make estimates related to the contractual terms
 customer performance and sales volume to determine the total amounts earned and to be recorded in deductions from revenue. In making these estimates
In some situations
 the Company may determine it to be advantageous to make advance payments to specific customers to fund certain marketing activities intended to generate profitable volume and/or invest in infrastructure programs with our bottlers that are directed at strengthening our bottling system and increasing unit case volume. The Company also makes advance payments to certain customers for distribution rights. The advance payments made to customers are initially capitalized and included in our consolidated balance sheets in prepaid expenses and other assets and noncurrent other assets
 depending on the duration of the agreements. The assets are amortized over the applicable periods and included in deductions from revenue. The duration of these agreements typically ranges from 
 $
 
 respectively. The aggregate deductions from revenue recorded by the Company in relation to these programs
 including amortization expense on infrastructure programs
 were $
 $
 
Our Company expenses production costs of print
 radio
 television and other advertisements as of the first date the advertisements take place. All other marketing expenditures are expensed in the annual period in which the expenditure is incurred. Advertising costs included in the line item selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income were $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
 advertising and production costs of $
 respectively
For interim reporting purposes
 we allocate our estimated full year marketing expenditures that benefit multiple interim periods to each of our interim reporting periods. We use the proportion of each interim period's actual unit case volume to the estimated full year unit case volume as the basis for the allocation. This methodology results in our marketing expenditures being recognized at a standard rate per unit case. At the end of each interim reporting period
Shipping and handling costs related to the movement of finished goods from manufacturing locations to our sales distribution centers are included in the line item cost of goods sold in our consolidated statements of income. Shipping and handling costs incurred to move finished goods from our sales distribution centers to customer locations are included in the line item selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 the amount of shipping and handling costs recorded in the line item selling
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company recorded shipping and handling costs of $
 respectively
 in the line item selling
Basic net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted net income per share is computed similarly to basic net income per share
 except that it includes the potential dilution that could occur if dilutive securities were exercised. Approximately 
 
 
 respectively
&#32;months or less at the date of purchase as cash equivalents. We manage our exposure to counterparty credit risk through specific minimum credit standards
We account for investments in companies that we do not control or account for under the equity method either at fair value or under the cost method
 as applicable. Investments in equity securities are carried at fair value if the fair value of the security is readily determinable. Equity investments carried at fair value are classified as either trading or available-for-sale securities with their cost basis determined by the specific identification method. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. Unrealized gains and losses
 net of deferred taxes
 on available-for-sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI). Trading securities are reported as either marketable securities or other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Securities classified as available-for-sale are reported as either marketable securities
 other investments or other assets in our consolidated balance sheets
Investments in equity securities that we do not control or account for under the equity method and do not have readily determinable fair values are accounted for under the cost method. Cost method investments are originally recorded at cost
 and we record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other investments in our consolidated balance sheets
Each reporting period we review all of our investments in equity and debt securities
 except for those classified as trading
 to determine whether a significant event or change in circumstances has occurred that may have an adverse effect on the fair value of each investment. When such events or changes occur
based on quoted market prices. For investments in nonpublicly traded companies
 management's assessment of fair value is based on valuation methodologies including discounted cash flows
 estimates of sales proceeds and appraisals
In the event the fair value of an investment declines below our cost basis
 management determines if the decline in fair value is other than temporary. If management determines the decline is other than temporary
 an impairment charge is recorded. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on
 among other things
 the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis
 the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer
We record trade accounts receivable at net realizable value. This value includes an appropriate allowance for estimated uncollectible accounts to reflect any loss anticipated on the trade accounts receivable balances and charged to the provision for doubtful accounts. We calculate this allowance based on our history of write-offs
 the level of past-due accounts based on the contractual terms of the receivables
 and our relationships with
 and the economic status of
Year Ended December 31
Other includes acquisitions
 divestitures
. We also generate a significant portion of our net operating revenues by selling concentrates and syrups to bottlers in which we have a noncontrolling interest
 including Coca-Cola Hellenic Bottling Company&#160;S.A. (Coca-Cola Hellenic)
 Coca-Cola FEMSA
Inventories consist primarily of raw materials and packaging (which includes ingredients and supplies) and finished goods (which include concentrates and syrups in our concentrate operations
 and finished beverages in our finished product operations). Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost on the basis of the average cost or first-in
Our Company
 when deemed appropriate
 uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative instruments are foreign currency exchange rate risk
 commodity price risk and interest rate risk. All derivatives are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets in the line items prepaid expenses and other assets or accounts payable and accrued expenses
Property
Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Repair and maintenance costs that do not improve service potential or extend economic life are expensed as incurred. Depreciation is recorded principally by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of our assets
&#160;years or less; and machinery
&#160;years or less. Land is not depreciated
 and construction in progress is not depreciated until ready for service. Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the remaining lease term
 including renewals that are deemed to be reasonably assured
 or the estimated useful life of the improvement. Depreciation is not recorded during the period in which a long-lived asset (disposal group) is classified as held for sale
 even if the asset (disposal group) continues to generate revenue during the period. Depreciation expense
 including the depreciation expense of assets under capital lease
1
704 million
1
1
188 million
 
 respectively. Amortization expense for leasehold improvements totaled $
 $
 
Certain events or changes in circumstances may indicate that the recoverability of the carrying amount of property
 plant and equipment should be assessed
 including
 among others
 a significant decrease in market value
 a significant change in the business climate in a particular market
 or a current period operating or cash flow loss combined with historical losses or projected future losses. When such events or changes in circumstances are present
 we estimate the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset (or asset group) and its eventual disposition. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount
 we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of property
 plant and equipment
 including appraisals and discounted cash flow models
Goodwill
We classify intangible assets into three categories: (1)&#160;intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization
 (2)&#160;intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization and (3)&#160;goodwill. We determine the useful lives of our identifiable intangible assets after considering the specific facts and circumstances related to each intangible asset. Factors we consider when determining useful lives include the contractual term of any agreement related to the asset
 the historical performance of the asset
 the Company's long-term strategy for using the asset
 any laws or other local regulations which could impact the useful life of the asset
 and other economic factors
 including competition and specific market conditions. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized
 primarily on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
When facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of definite-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable
 management assesses the recoverability of the carrying value by preparing estimates of sales volume and the resulting gross profit and cash flows. These estimated future cash flows are consistent with those we use in our internal planning. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount
 we recognize an impairment loss. The impairment loss recognized is the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset (or asset group) exceeds the fair value. We use a variety of methodologies to determine the fair value of these assets
 including discounted cash flow models
We test intangible assets determined to have indefinite useful lives
 including trademarks
 franchise rights and goodwill
 for impairment annually
 or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that assets might be impaired. Our Company performs these annual impairment reviews as of the first day of our third fiscal quarter. We use a variety of methodologies in conducting impairment assessments of indefinite-lived intangible assets
 including
 but not limited to
 discounted cash flow models
 which are based on the assumptions we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. For indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value
The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 prior to completing the impairment test described above. The Company must assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount. If the Company concludes that this is the case
 it must perform the testing described above. Otherwise
 the Company does not need to perform any further assessment. During 
We perform impairment tests of goodwill at our reporting unit level
 which is one level below our operating segments. Our operating segments are primarily based on geographic responsibility
 which is consistent with the way management runs our business. Our operating segments are subdivided into smaller geographic regions or territories that we sometimes refer to as business units. These business units are also our reporting units. The Bottling Investments operating segment includes all Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations
 regardless of geographic location
 except for bottling operations managed by CCR
 which are included in our North America operating segment. Generally
The goodwill impairment test consists of a two-step process
 if necessary. The first step is to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. We typically use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of a reporting unit. The assumptions used in these models are consistent with those we believe hypothetical marketplace participants would use. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value
 the second step of the impairment test must be performed in order to determine the amount of impairment loss
 if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
The Company has the option to perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill prior to completing the two-step process described above to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill and other intangible assets. If the Company concludes that this is the case
 it must perform the two-step process. Otherwise
 the Company will forego the two-step process and does not need to perform any further testing. During 
Impairment charges related to intangible assets are generally recorded in the line item other operating charges or
 to the extent they relate to equity method investees
Our Company is involved in various legal proceedings and tax matters. Due to their nature
 such legal proceedings and tax matters involve inherent uncertainties including
 but not limited to
 court rulings
 negotiations between affected parties and governmental actions. Management assesses the probability of loss for such contingencies and accrues a liability and/or discloses the relevant circumstances
Our Company currently sponsors stock option plans and restricted stock award plans. The fair value of our stock option grants is estimated on the grant date using a Black-Scholes-Merton option-pricing model. The Company recognizes compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the period the grant is earned by the employee
The fair value of our restricted stock awards is the quoted market value of the Company's stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the relevant holding period. In the period it becomes probable that the minimum performance criteria specified in the restricted stock award plan will be achieved
 we recognize expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the award related to the vesting period that has already lapsed. The remaining cost of the award is expensed on a straight-line basis over the balance of the vesting period. In the event the Company determines it is no longer probable that we will achieve the minimum performance criteria specified in the plan
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified
 unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates and participate in multi-employer pension plans in the United States. In addition
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. The market-related value of assets is used to determine the Company's expected return on assets
 a component of our annual pension expense calculation. The Company previously used a smoothing technique to calculate our market-related value of assets
 which reflected changes in the fair value over no more than five years. However
 we now use the actual fair value of plan assets to determine our expected return on those assets for all of our defined benefit plans. Although both methods are permitted under accounting principles generally accepted in the United&#160;States
The Company's change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
 and we have adjusted all applicable prior period financial information presented herein as required. The cumulative effect of this change on retained earnings as of January 1
 2011
 was an increase of $
December&#160;31
 2012
 
Income tax expense includes United States
 state
 local and international income taxes
The Company is involved in various tax matters
 with respect to some of which the outcome is uncertain. We establish reserves to remove some or all of the tax benefit of any of our tax positions at the time we determine that it becomes uncertain based upon one of the following conditions: (1)&#160;the tax position is not more likely than not to be sustained
 (2)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 but for a lesser amount
 or (3)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 but not in the financial period in which the tax position was originally taken. For purposes of evaluating whether or not a tax position is uncertain
 (1)&#160;we presume the tax position will be examined by the relevant taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information; (2)&#160;the technical merits of a tax position are derived from authorities such as legislation and statutes
 legislative intent
 regulations
 rulings and case law and their applicability to the facts and circumstances of the tax position; and (3)&#160;each tax position is evaluated without consideration of the possibility of offset or aggregation with other tax positions taken. A number of years may elapse before a particular uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved or when a tax assessment is raised. The number of years subject to tax assessments varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. The tax benefit that has been previously reserved because of a failure to meet the more likely than not recognition threshold would be recognized in our income tax expense in the first interim period when the uncertainty disappears under any one of the following conditions: (1)&#160;the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained
 (2)&#160;the tax position
 amount
 and/or timing is ultimately settled through negotiation or litigation
We translate the assets and liabilities of our foreign subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies to U.S. dollars at the appropriate spot rates as of the balance sheet date. Generally
 our foreign subsidiaries use the local currency as their functional currency. Changes in the carrying value of these assets and liabilities attributable to fluctuations in spot rates are recognized in foreign currency translation adjustment
&#32;or more over a three-year period. Effective January 1
 2010
 Venezuela was determined to be a hyperinflationary economy
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar for nonessential goods. In accordance with hyperinflationary accounting under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 our local subsidiary was required to use the U.S. dollar as its functional currency. As a result
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar
In June 2010
 the Venezuelan government introduced a newly regulated foreign currency exchange system known as the Transaction System for Foreign Currency Denominated Securities (SITME). This system
 which was subject to annual limits
 enabled entities domiciled in Venezuela to exchange their bolivars to U.S. dollars through authorized financial institutions (commercial banks
 savings and lending institutions
In December 2010
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar for essential goods. As a result
 the only two exchange rates available for remeasuring bolivar-denominated transactions as of December&#160;31
 2010
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar and the SITME rate. As discussed above
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar starting on January&#160;1
 2010. Therefore
Subsequent to December 31
 2012
&#32;bolivars per U.S. dollar. The government also announced that it was discontinuing the SITME foreign exchange system. As a result
 the Company will remeasure the net assets of our local subsidiary and recognize the related gains or losses from remeasurement in the line item other income (loss) &#8212; net in our consolidated statement of income. Based on the carrying value of our assets and liabilities denominated in Venezuelan bolivar as of December 31
 2012
The Company will continue to use the official rate to remeasure the net assets of our Venezuelan subsidiary. If the official rate devalues further
 it would result in our Company recognizing additional foreign currency exchange gains or losses in our consolidated financial statements. As of December&#160;31
 2012
In addition to the foreign currency exchange exposure related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net assets
 we also sell concentrate to our bottling partner in Venezuela from outside the country. These sales are denominated in U.S. dollars. If we are unable to utilize a government-approved exchange rate mechanism for future concentrate sales to our bottling partner in Venezuela
 the amount of receivables related to these sales will increase. In addition
 we have certain intangible assets associated with products sold in Venezuela. If the bolivar further devalues
 it could result in the impairment of these intangible assets. As of December&#160;31
 2012
In June 2011
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2011-05 which requires companies to present net income and other comprehensive income in one continuous statement or in two separate
 but consecutive
 statements. In addition
 ASU 2011-05 eliminates the option for companies to present the components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in shareowners' equity. In December 2011
 the FASB issued ASU 2011-12 which deferred the requirement to present components of reclassifications of other comprehensive income on the face of the income statement. The Company adopted the non-deferred provisions of ASU 2011-05 as of January 1
 2012
In February 2013
 the FASB issued ASU 2013-02 which requires companies to provide information about the amounts reclassified out of AOCI by component. In addition
 companies are required to present
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the accompanying notes
 significant amounts reclassified out of AOCI by the respective line items of net income
 but only if the amount reclassified is required to be reclassified to net income in its entirety in the same reporting period. For amounts that are not required to be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 companies are required to cross-reference to other disclosures that provide additional detail on those amounts. ASU 2013-02 is effective prospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15
During 2012
1
. These payments were primarily related to the following: our investments in the existing beverage business of Aujan Industries Company J.S.C. (Aujan)
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East; our investment in Mikuni Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Ltd. (Mikuni)
 a bottling partner located in Japan; our acquisition of Sacramento Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Inc. (Sacramento bottler); and our acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
&#32;in total value
During 2011
. These payments were primarily related to the acquisitions of Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company (Great Plains) and Honest Tea
 Inc. (Honest Tea)
 and an additional investment in Coca-Cola Central Japan Company (Central Japan). In addition
The Company acquired Great Plains on December 30
 2011. The total purchase price for the Great Plains acquisition was approximately $
&#32;was paid at closing. The purchase price was primarily allocated to property
 plant and equipment
During 2011
 the Company also acquired the remaining ownership interest of Honest Tea not already owned by the Company. Prior to the Company acquiring the remaining ownership interest of Honest Tea
In December 2011
 the Company acquired an additional minority interest in Central Japan. As a result
During 2010
2
. These payments were primarily related to the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the acquisition of certain distribution rights from Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
In addition to the transactions listed in the preceding paragraph
 our acquisition and investment activities during 2010 also included the acquisition of OAO Nidan Juices (Nidan)
 a Russian juice company
 and an additional investment in Fresh Trading&#160;Ltd. (innocent). Total consideration for the Nidan acquisition was approximately $
 which was primarily allocated to property
 plant and equipment
 identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. The Company finalized our purchase accounting for Nidan in the third quarter of 2011. Under the terms of the agreement for our additional investment in innocent
. The Company anticipates acquiring the majority of the remaining outstanding shares in the second quarter of 2013. Currently
 innocent's founders maintain operational control of the business
Pursuant to the terms of the business separation and merger agreement entered into on February&#160;25
 2010
 as amended (the merger agreement)
October&#160;2
&#32;(the acquisition date)
Under the terms of the merger agreement
&#32;indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations; (2)&#160;cash consideration; and (3)&#160;replacement awards issued to certain current and former employees of CCE's corporate operations and former North America business. At closing
 CCE shareowners other than the Company exchanged their CCE common stock for common stock in a new entity
 which was renamed Coca-Cola Enterprises
&#160;Inc. (which is referred to herein as New CCE) and which continues to hold the European operations held by CCE prior to the acquisition. At closing
&#32;owned by shareowners that held shares of common stock of CCE immediately prior to the closing
 other than the Company. As a result of this transaction
As of October&#160;1
 2010
&#32;of the outstanding common stock of CCE. Based on the closing price of CCE's common stock on the last day of trading prior to the acquisition date
5
373 million
 which reflected the fair value of our ownership in both CCE's European operations and former North America business. We remeasured our equity interest in CCE to fair value upon the close of the transaction. As a result
4
978 million
Although the CCE transaction was structured to be primarily cashless
 under the terms of the merger agreement
&#32;of CCE debt. In the event the actual CCE debt on the acquisition date was less than the agreed amount
 we agreed to make a cash payment to New CCE for the difference. As of the acquisition date
 the debt assumed by the Company was $
&#32;related to the debt shortfall. In addition
Under the terms of the merger agreement
Shares
The portion of the fair value of the replacement awards related to services provided prior to the business combination was included in the total purchase price. The portion of the fair value associated with future service is recognized as expense over the future service period
&#32;of target into an adjusted PSU of The Coca-Cola Company
 determined by multiplying the number of shares of each PSU by an exchange ratio (the closing exchange ratio) equal to the closing price of a share of CCE common stock on the last day of trading prior to the acquisition date divided by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the same day. At the time we issued these replacement PSUs
 they were subject to the same vesting conditions and other terms applicable to the CCE PSUs immediately prior to the closing date. However
 in the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company modified primarily all of these PSUs to eliminate the remaining holding period
Each CCE stock option replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted stock option of The Coca-Cola Company to acquire a number of shares of Coca-Cola common stock
Each CCE restricted share unit (RSU) replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted RSU of The Coca-Cola Company
Each share of CCE restricted stock replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted share of restricted stock of The Coca-Cola Company
The following table reconciles the total purchase price of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business
October&#160;2
5
1
6
Represents the portion of the total fair value of the replacement awards associated with services rendered prior to the business combination
The following table presents the final allocation of the purchase price by major class of assets and liabilities (in millions) as of the acquisition date
1
1
Property
5
4
4
5
5
4
1
1
14
13
1
1
9
9
1
1
4
2
2
15
15
(1
4
7
8
6
6
6
6
As previously reported in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
The measurement period adjustments did not have a significant impact on our consolidated statements of income for the years ended December&#160;31
 2011
 and December 31
 2010. Therefore
1
226 million
The measurement period adjustments were due to the finalization of appraisals related to intangible assets and certain fixed assets and resulted in the following: a decrease to property
Other intangible assets primarily relate to franchise rights that had previously provided CCE with exclusive rights to manufacture and/or distribute certain beverages in specified territories for a finite period of time
&#160;years
&#32;of customer relationships
3
2
The goodwill recognized as part of this acquisition has been assigned to the North America operating segment
&#32;is tax deductible. The goodwill recognized in conjunction with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business is primarily related to synergistic value created from having a unified operating system that will strategically position us to better market and distribute our nonalcoholic beverage brands in North America. It also includes certain other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
In a concurrent transaction
October&#160;2
. See further discussion of this divestiture below. In addition
 we granted New CCE the right to negotiate the acquisition of our majority interest in our German bottling operation
 Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetr&#228;nke AG (CCEAG)
&#160;months after the date of the merger agreement
&#32;for additional information. In addition
&#32;related to preexisting relationships during 2010. These charges were primarily related to the write-off of our investment in infrastructure programs with CCE. Our investment in these infrastructure programs with CCE did not meet the criteria to be recognized as an asset subsequent to the acquisition. In 2011
3
October&#160;2
&#32;through December&#160;31
 2010. The following table presents unaudited consolidated pro forma information as if our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the divestiture of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations had occurred on January&#160;1
Year Ended December 31
43
2
6
The 2010 pro forma information has been adjusted to exclude the gain related to the remeasurement of our equity interest in CCE to fair value upon the close of the transaction
 the gain on the sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations
 transaction costs and charges related to preexisting relationships in order to present the pro forma information as if the transactions had occurred prior to January&#160;1
The unaudited pro forma financial information presented above does not purport to represent what the actual results of our operations would have been if our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the divestiture of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations had occurred prior to January&#160;1
 2010
 nor is it indicative of the future operating results of The Coca-Cola Company. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect the impact of future events that may occur after the acquisition
 including
 but not limited to
The unaudited pro forma financial information presented in the table above has been adjusted to give effect to adjustments that are (1)&#160;directly related to the business combination; (2)&#160;factually supportable; and (3)&#160;expected to have a continuing impact. These adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 the application of our accounting policies; elimination of related party transactions and equity income; and depreciation and amortization related to fair value adjustments to property
Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
In contemplation of the closing of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we reached an agreement with DPS to distribute certain DPS brands in territories where DPS brands had been distributed by CCE prior to the CCE transaction. Under the terms of our agreement with DPS
 and concurrently with the closing of the CCE transaction
 we entered into license agreements with DPS to distribute Dr&#160;Pepper trademark brands in the United States
 Canada Dry in the Northeastern United States
 and Canada Dry and C' Plus in Canada
&#32;to DPS. Under the license agreements
&#160;years
-year renewal periods unless otherwise terminated under the terms of the agreements. The license agreements replaced agreements between DPS and CCE existing immediately prior to the completion of the CCE transaction. In addition
Although these transactions were negotiated concurrently
 they are legally separable and have distinct termination provisions and penalties
 if applicable. As a result
&#32;related to the Freestyle agreement. The DPS license agreements were determined to be indefinite-lived intangible assets and classified in the line item bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives in our consolidated balance sheet. The Company reached the conclusion that these distribution rights had an indefinite life based on several key factors
 including
 but not limited to
-year successive periods thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of the agreements; (2)&#160;no additional payments shall be due for the renewal periods; (3)&#160;we anticipate using the assets indefinitely; (4)&#160;there are no known legal
 regulatory or contractual provisions that are likely to limit the useful life of these assets; and (5)&#160;the classification of these assets as indefinite-lived assets is consistent with similar market transactions. The Company has been amortizing
 and will continue to amortize
&#160;years
During 2012
2
In 2011
 proceeds from the disposal of bottling companies and other investments totaled $
 primarily related to the sale of our investment in Coca-Cola Embonor
 S.A. (Embonor)
 a bottling partner with operations primarily in Chile
. Prior to this transaction
In 2010
 proceeds from the disposal of bottling companies and other investments totaled $
October&#160;2
. In addition to the proceeds related to the disposal of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations
&#32;of our investment in Le&#227;o Junior
&#160;S.A. (Le&#227;o Junior)
 a Brazilian tea company
On December 13
 2012
 the Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA executed a share purchase agreement for the sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated bottling operations in the Philippines (Philippine bottling operations). As a result
 our Philippine bottling operations met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 and we were required to record their assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the agreed-upon purchase price. Accordingly
 we recorded a loss of $
&#32;of related transaction costs
On December 17
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement with several parties which will result in the merger of our consolidated bottling operations in Brazil (Brazilian bottling operations) with an independent bottler in Brazil. Upon completion of the transaction
 we will deconsolidate our Brazilian bottling operations in exchange for cash and a minority ownership interest in the newly combined entity. As a result
 our Brazilian bottling operations met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. We were not required to record their assets and liabilities at fair value less any costs to sell because their fair value exceeded our carrying value as of December 31
The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities of the Company's Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations
 both of which are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment
 as of December 31
Cash
Trade accounts receivable
Property
1
1
1
2
We determined that our Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations
Investments in debt and marketable securities
 other than investments accounted for under the equity method
 are classified as trading
 available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Our marketable equity investments are classified as either trading or available-for-sale with their cost basis determined by the specific identification method. Our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. Investments in debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in net income. Unrealized gains and losses
 net of deferred taxes
 on available-for-sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of AOCI
December&#160;31
 2012
 our trading securities had a fair value of $
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
1
1
3
3
4
4
1
1
1
During 2012
 the Company made a change to its overall cash management program. In an effort to manage counterparty risk and diversify our assets
Years Ending December 31
5
In 2012
 the Company had investments classified as available-for-sale securities in which our cost basis exceeded the fair value of our investment. Management assessed each of these investments on an individual basis to determine if the decline in fair value was other than temporary. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on
 among other things
 the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. As a result of these assessments
In 2011 and 2010
 the Company realized losses of $
 respectively
During 2011
 the Company began using one of its insurance captives to reinsure group annuity insurance contracts that cover the pension obligations of certain of our European pension plans. In accordance with local insurance regulations
 our insurance captive is required to meet and maintain minimum solvency capital requirements. The Company elected to invest its solvency capital in a portfolio of available-for-sale securities
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
 the Company's available-for-sale securities included solvency capital funds of $
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
Other investments
1
4
1
December&#160;31
 2012
1
1
1
1
1
4
4
Cost method investments are initially recorded at cost
 and we record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other investments in our consolidated balance sheets
 and dividend income from cost method investments is reported in other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. We review all of our cost method investments quarterly to determine if impairment indicators are present; however
 we are not required to determine the fair value of these investments unless impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
In 2012
Inventories consist primarily of raw materials and packaging (which includes ingredients and supplies) and finished goods (which include concentrates and syrups in our concentrate operations
 and finished beverages in our finished product operations). Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost on the basis of the average cost or first-in
December 31
1
1
1
1
3
3
The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions may adversely impact the Company's financial performance and are referred to as market risks. Our Company
 when deemed appropriate
 uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative instruments are foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Company uses various types of derivative instruments including
 but not limited to
 forward contracts
 commodity futures contracts
 option contracts
 collars and swaps. Forward contracts and commodity futures contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined future date
 and at a predetermined rate or price. An option contract is an agreement that conveys the purchaser the right
 but not the obligation
 to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined rate or price during a period or at a time in the future. A collar is a strategy that uses a combination of options to limit the range of possible positive or negative returns on an underlying asset or liability to a specific range
 or to protect expected future cash flows. To do this
 an investor simultaneously buys a put option and sells (writes) a call option
 or alternatively buys a call option and sells (writes) a put option. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying notional amounts
All derivatives are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets in the following line items
 as applicable: prepaid expenses and other assets; other assets; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and other liabilities. The carrying values of the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the type of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be designated as fair value hedges
 cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our consolidated statements of income as the changes in the fair values of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged. The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our consolidated statement of income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures being hedged
For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments
 the Company formally designates and documents
 at inception
 the financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure
 the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition
 the Company formally assesses
 both at the inception and at least quarterly thereafter
. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties and
 therefore
exchanged are calculated by reference to the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives
 such as interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates
 commodity rates or other financial indices. The Company does not view the fair values of its derivatives in isolation
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter into transactions only with financial institutions of investment grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and review any downgrade in credit rating immediately. If a downgrade in the credit rating of a counterparty were to occur
 we have provisions requiring collateral in the form of U.S. government securities for substantially all of our transactions. To mitigate presettlement risk
 minimum credit standards become more stringent as the duration of the derivative financial instrument increases. In addition
 the Company's master netting agreements reduce credit risk by permitting the Company to net settle for transactions with the same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk
 we enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial institutions. Based on these factors
The Company uses cash flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company maintains a foreign currency cash flow hedging program to reduce the risk that our eventual U.S. dollar net cash inflows from sales outside the United States and U.S. dollar net cash outflows from procurement activities will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into forward contracts and purchase foreign currency options (principally euros and Japanese yen) and collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against the foreign currencies
 the decline in the present value of future foreign currency cash flows is partially offset by gains in the fair value of the derivative instruments. Conversely
 when the U.S. dollar weakens
4
5
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Our Company monitors our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt regularly. From time to time
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI in income for the effective portion and ineffective portion
 if any
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
6
5
December&#160;31
 2012
During the first quarter of 2012
December&#160;31
December 31
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company uses forward contracts to protect the value of our investments in a number of foreign subsidiaries. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedges of net investments in foreign operations
 the changes in fair values of the derivative instruments are recognized in net foreign currency translation gain (loss)
 a component of AOCI
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
 2012
. In addition
December&#160;31
 2012
In addition to derivative instruments that are designated and qualify for hedge accounting
 the Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges of foreign currency and commodity exposure. Although these derivatives were not designated and/or did not qualify for hedge accounting
The Company uses foreign currency economic hedges to offset the earnings impact that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. The changes in fair value of economic hedges used to offset the monetary assets and liabilities are recognized into earnings in the line item other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. In addition
3
3
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges to mitigate the price risk associated with the purchase of materials used in the manufacturing process and for vehicle fuel. The changes in fair values of these economic hedges are immediately recognized into earnings in the line items net operating revenues
 cost of goods sold
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
In connection with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
October&#160;2
. As of December&#160;31
 2010
 all interest rate derivatives acquired from CCE were settled and will have no additional impact on future earnings. In 2010
&#32;in interest expense during 2010. As of December&#160;31
 2010
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Selling
Our consolidated net income includes our Company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of our equity method investees. When we record our proportionate share of net income
 it increases equity income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income and our carrying value in that investment. Conversely
 when we record our proportionate share of a net loss
We eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions
October&#160;2
 2010
 we completed our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and relinquished our indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations. As a result of this transaction
October&#160;2
. Therefore
&#32;December&#160;31
 2010
&#32;of the outstanding common stock of CCE immediately prior to the acquisition. The following table provides summarized financial information for CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
16
10
6
1
The following table provides a summary of our significant transactions with CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
Concentrate
4
customers. Pursuant to cooperative advertising and trade agreements with CCE
 we received funds from CCE for local media and marketing program reimbursements. Payments made to CCE for dispensing equipment repair services represent reimbursement to CCE for its costs of parts and labor for repairs on cooler
Our Company had previously entered into programs with CCE designed to help develop cold-drink infrastructure. Under these programs
The Company evaluated all of our preexisting relationships with CCE prior to the close of the transaction. Based on these evaluations
The Company's other equity method investments include our ownership interests in Coca-Cola Hellenic
December&#160;31
 2012
 we owned approximately 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
2
A summary of financial information for our equity method investees in the aggregate
 other than CCE
Year Ended December 31
47
42
38
28
26
23
18
16
15
4
4
4
2
2
2
2
2
2
December 31
16
13
32
27
48
41
12
10
12
11
24
22
23
18
24
18
9
7
Net sales to equity method investees other than CCE
 the majority of which are located outside the United States
 were $
 $
 
 respectively. Total payments
 primarily marketing
1
587 million
1
1
034 million
 
 respectively. In addition
 purchases of finished products from equity method investees other than CCE were $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
 quoted closing prices of shares actively traded on stock markets
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively. The total amount of dividends received from equity method investees was $
December&#160;31
 2012
 
&#32;special dividend from Coca-Cola Hellenic during 2012 and 2011
 respectively. We classified the receipt of these cash dividends in cash flows from operating activities because our cumulative equity in earnings from Coca-Cola Hellenic exceeded the cumulative distributions received; therefore
PROPERTY
The following table summarizes our property
December 31
1
5
5
Machinery
16
15
1
23
23
9
8
Property
14
14
December 31
6
6
7
7
12
12
26
26
The decrease in 2012 was primarily related to the Company's consolidated Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations being transferred to assets held for sale as of December 31
9
11
Divestitures
10
12
10
12
Divestitures
10
12
Relates to the transfer of goodwill associated with the Company's consolidated Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations to assets held for sale as of December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
137
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
2
1
1
Sales
8
9
December&#160;31
 2012
16
12
135 million
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
In addition
7
December&#160;31
 2012
Included in the credit facilities discussed above
6
. There were no borrowings under these backup lines of credit during 2012. These credit facilities are subject to normal banking terms and conditions. Some of the financial arrangements require compensating balances
During 2012
1
2
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2014
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 13
 2015
&#32;total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2018
During 2011
2
1
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2016
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2021
During the fourth quarter of 2011
&#32;and was not scheduled to mature until 2012. This debt was outstanding prior to the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business. In addition
During the first quarter of 2011
During the second quarter of 2011
During the third quarter of 2011
&#32;in the line item interest expense in our consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31
 2011. This net charge was due to the exchange
During 2010
 in connection with the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business
7
&#32;of long-term debt
9
On November&#160;15
 2010
4
2
1
1
&#32;in interest expense related to the premiums paid to repurchase the long-term debt and the costs associated with the settlement of treasury rate locks issued in connection with the debt tender offer. The general terms of the notes issued on November&#160;15
 2010
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due May&#160;15
 2012
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2013
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2015
1
&#32;total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2020
Subsequent to the repurchase of a portion of the long-term debt assumed from CCE
 the general terms of the debt assumed and remaining outstanding as of December 31
 2010
2
2
The Company's long-term debt consisted of the following (in millions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
13
12
2
2
Other
5
16
15
1
2
14
13
These rates represent the weighted-average effective interest rate on the balances outstanding as of year end
 as adjusted for the effects of interest rate swap agreements as well as fair value adjustments
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 the fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
17
16
360 million
The above notes and debentures include various restrictions
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
&#160;years. The amortization of these fair value adjustments will be a reduction of interest expense in future periods
 which will typically result in our interest expense being less than the actual interest paid to service the debt. Total interest paid was $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
1
2
2
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
 we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $
&#32;for additional information related to the Company's maximum exposure to loss due to our involvement with VIEs. Our guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers
 bottlers
 vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. These guarantees have various terms
 and none of these guarantees were individually significant. The amount represents the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however
During the period from 1970 to 1981
 our Company owned Aqua-Chem
&#160;Inc.
 now known as Cleaver-Brooks
&#160;Inc. (Aqua-Chem). During that time
&#32;of insurance coverage
 which also insures Aqua-Chem for some of its prior and future costs for certain product liability and other claims. A division of Aqua-Chem manufactured certain boilers that contained gaskets that Aqua-Chem purchased from outside suppliers. Several years after our Company sold this entity
 Aqua-Chem received its first lawsuit relating to asbestos
40
&#32;active claims pending against it. In September 2002
&#32;for out-of-pocket litigation-related expenses. Aqua-Chem also demanded that the Company acknowledge a continuing obligation to Aqua-Chem for any future liabilities and expenses that are excluded from coverage under the applicable insurance or for which there is no insurance. Our Company disputes Aqua-Chem's claims
 and we believe we have no obligation to Aqua-Chem for any of its past
 present or future liabilities
 costs or expenses. Furthermore
 we believe we have substantial legal and factual defenses to Aqua-Chem's claims. The parties entered into litigation in Georgia to resolve this dispute
 which was stayed by agreement of the parties pending the outcome of litigation filed in Wisconsin by certain insurers of Aqua-Chem. In that case
&#32;plaintiff insurance companies filed a declaratory judgment action against Aqua-Chem
&#32;defendant insurance companies seeking a determination of the parties' rights and liabilities under policies issued by the insurers and reimbursement for amounts paid by plaintiffs in excess of their obligations. During the course of the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation
 Aqua-Chem and the Company reached settlements with several of the insurers
 including plaintiffs
 who have or will pay funds into an escrow account for payment of costs arising from the asbestos claims against Aqua-Chem. On July&#160;24
 2007
 the Wisconsin trial court entered a final declaratory judgment regarding the rights and obligations of the parties under the insurance policies issued by the remaining defendant insurers
 which judgment was not appealed. The judgment directs
 among other things
&#32;of those insurers (the &#8220;Chartis insurers&#8221;) would be finalized in May 2011
 but such insurers repudiated their settlement commitments and
 as a result
 Aqua-Chem and the Company filed suit against them in Wisconsin state court to enforce the coverage-in-place settlement or
 in the alternative
 to obtain a declaratory judgment validating Aqua-Chem and the Company's interpretation of the court's judgment in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. In February 2012
 the parties filed and argued a number of cross-motions for summary judgment related to the issues of the enforceability of the settlement agreement and the exhaustion of policies underlying those of the Chartis insurers. The court granted defendants' motions for summary judgment that the 2011 Settlement Agreement and 2010 Term Sheet were not binding contracts
 but denied their similar motions related to plaintiffs' claims for promissory and/or equitable estoppel. On or about May 15
 2012
 the parties entered into a mutually agreeable settlement/stipulation resolving two major issues: exhaustion of underlying coverage and control of defense; and
 on or about January 10
 2013
 the parties reached a settlement of the remaining coverage issues and the estoppel claims. The Chartis insurers have filed a notice of appeal with respect to certain issues that were the subject of summary judgment orders earlier in the case. Whatever the outcome of that appeal
&#32;years
 and (b) the various insurers that cover the asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem remain solvent
 regardless of the outcome of the coverage-in-place settlement litigation but taking into account the issues resolved to date
At the time we acquire or divest our interest in an entity
The Company is involved in various tax matters
The Company has numerous global insurance programs in place to help protect the Company from the risk of loss. In general
 we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however
 we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company's risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company's self-insured losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
150
&#32;associates
68
&#32;associates were located in the United States. Our Company
 through its divisions and subsidiaries
December&#160;31
 2012
17
December&#160;31
Years Ending December 31

 $
 
 respectively
 and was included as a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. The total income tax benefit recognized in our consolidated statements of income related to stock-based compensation arrangements was $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 the Company assumed certain stock-based compensation plans previously sponsored by CCE. Shares from these plans remain available for future grant to current employees who were employees of CCE or its subsidiaries prior to the acquisition or who are hired by the Company or its subsidiaries following the acquisition. The assumed Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2001 Stock Option Plan
The fair value of our stock option grants is amortized over the vesting period
Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on the Company's stock
Generally
&#160;years from the date of grant. The shares of common stock to be issued
 transferred and/or sold under the stock option plans are made available from authorized and unissued Company common stock or from the Company's treasury shares. In 2007
December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Company 1999 Stock Option Plan (the 1999 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 1999. Under the 1999 Option Plan
&#32;shares of our common stock was approved to be issued or transferred
 through the grant of stock options
The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan (the 2002 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 2002. An amendment to the 2002 Option Plan which permitted the issuance of stock appreciation rights was approved by shareowners in April 2003. Under the 2002 Option Plan
&#32;shares of our common stock was approved to be issued or transferred
 through the grant of stock options or stock appreciation rights
December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Company 2008 Stock Option Plan (the 2008 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 2008. Under the 2008 Option Plan
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Outstanding on January&#160;1
Outstanding on December&#160;31
2
Expected to vest at December&#160;31
2
Exercisable on December&#160;31
2
200
 and generally vest over 
 $
 
 respectively. The total shares exercised were 
 
 
Under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan and The Coca-Cola Company 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the Restricted Stock Award Plans)
&#32;shares of restricted common stock
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;shares remain available for grant under the Restricted Stock Award Plans. The Company issues restricted stock to employees as a result of performance share unit awards
For awards prior to January&#160;1
 2008
 under the 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 participants are reimbursed by our Company for income taxes imposed on the award
 but not for taxes generated by the reimbursement payment. The 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan has been amended to eliminate this tax reimbursement for awards after January&#160;1
 2008. The shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and may be forfeited if a participant leaves our Company for reasons other than retirement
 disability or death
In 2003
 the Company established a program to grant performance share units under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan to executives. In 2008
 the Company expanded the program to award a mix of stock options and performance share units to eligible employees in addition to executives. The number of shares earned is determined at the end of each performance period
 generally 
 based on the actual performance criteria predetermined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant. If the performance criteria are met
 the award results in a grant of restricted stock or restricted stock units
 which are then generally subject to a holding period in order for the restricted stock to be released. For performance share units granted before 2008
. For performance share units granted in 2008 and after
. Restrictions on such stock generally lapse at the end of the holding period. Performance share units generally do not pay dividends or allow voting rights during the performance period. For awards granted prior to 2011
 participants generally receive dividends or dividend equivalents once the performance criteria have been certified and the restricted stock or restricted stock units have been issued. For awards granted in 2011 and later
 participants generally receive dividends or dividend equivalents once the shares have been released. Accordingly
 the fair value of the performance share units is the quoted market value of the Company stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the relevant period. In the period it becomes probable that the minimum performance criteria specified in the plan will be achieved
 we recognize expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the performance share units related to the vesting period that has already lapsed. The remaining cost of the grant is expensed on a straight-line basis over the balance of the vesting period. In the event the Company determines it is no longer probable that we will achieve the minimum performance criteria specified in the plan
Performance share units under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan require achievement of certain financial measures
 primarily compound annual growth in earnings per share or economic profit. These financial measures are adjusted for certain items approved and certified by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The purpose of these adjustments is to ensure a consistent year to year comparison of the specific performance criteria. Economic profit is our net operating profit after tax less the cost of the capital used in our business. In the event the financial results equal the predefined target
 the Company will grant the number of restricted shares equal to the target award in the underlying performance share unit agreements. In the event the financial results exceed the predefined target
 additional shares up to the maximum award may be granted. In the event the financial results fall below the predefined target
 a reduced number of shares may be granted. If the financial results fall below the threshold award performance level
 no shares will be granted. Performance share units are generally settled in stock
 except for certain circumstances such as death or disability
December&#160;31
 2012
5
105
000
5
655
6
824
&#32;were outstanding for the 2010&#8211;2012
 2011&#8211;2013 and 2012&#8211;2014 performance periods
 respectively
Outstanding on January&#160;1
11
7
Outstanding on December&#160;31
17
December&#160;31
 2012
 at the threshold award and maximum award levels were 
 respectively.
16
267
19
27
650
 $
 respectively
 to former executives who were ineligible for restricted stock grants due to certain events such as death
Nonvested on January&#160;1
4
(4
Nonvested on December&#160;31
The nonvested shares as of January 1
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 are presented at the performance share units certified award amount.
 $
 
4
301
732
2
084
1
850
466
. These awards were converted into equivalent share units of the Company's common stock on the acquisition date and entitle the participant to dividend equivalents (which vest
 in some cases
 only if the restricted share units vest)
 but not the right to vote. Accordingly
of the Company's stock at the grant date. The number of shares earned is determined at the end of each performance period
&#32;years
 based on the actual performance criteria predetermined at the time of grant. These performance share units require achievement of certain financial measures
 primarily compound annual growth in earnings per share
 as adjusted for certain items detailed in the plan documents. In the event the financial results exceed the predefined targets
&#32;of target may be granted. In the event the financial results fall below the predefined targets
 a reduced number of shares may be granted. If the financial results fall below the minimum award performance level
On the acquisition date
&#32;per share unit for the 2008&#8211;2010
&#32;prior to the acquisition date. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
. The portion of the fair value associated with future service is recognized as expense over the future service period. However
 in the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company modified primarily all of these performance awards to eliminate the remaining holding period after December&#160;31
 2010
&#32;of accelerated expense included in the total stock-based compensation expense above. As a result of this modification
. During 2011
 the Company released 
 primarily related to the 2008&#8211;2010 and 2010 performance periods. During 2012
 the Company released 
December&#160;31
 2012
The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan allows for the grant of time-based and performance-based restricted stock and restricted stock units. The performance-based restricted awards are released only upon the achievement of specific measurable performance criteria. These awards pay dividends during the performance period. The majority of awards have specific performance targets for achievement. If the performance targets are not met
 the awards will be canceled. In the period it becomes probable that the performance criteria will be achieved
For time-based and performance-based restricted stock awards
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company had outstanding nonvested time-based and performance-based restricted stock awards
 including restricted stock units
774
92
000
In 2010
. These awards were converted into equivalent shares of the Company's common stock. These restricted share awards entitle the participant to dividend equivalents (which vest
 in some cases
 only if the restricted share unit vests)
December&#160;31
 2012
65
&#32;outstanding nonvested time-based restricted stock replacement awards
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified
 unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates. In addition
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. This change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
As part of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010
&#32;for additional information related to this acquisition. These liabilities relate to various pension
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;of the Company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and pension assets
8
7
1
9
8
1
6
5
1
1
7
6
(2
(2
For pension benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. For other benefit plans
$9
$7
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively.
 respectively
 in payments related to unfunded pension plans that were paid from Company assets. Benefits paid to participants of other benefit plans during 
 respectively
In 2012
 primarily relates to the transfer of assets and liabilities associated with the Company's consolidated Philippine bottling operations to assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale as of December 31
December 31
(2
(2
(2
(2
Effective January 1
 2010
 the Company's existing primary U.S. plan was transitioned from a traditional final average pay formula to a cash balance formula. In general
 employees may receive credits based on age
 service
Certain of our pension plans have projected benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets. For these plans
December 31
9
7
6
5
Certain of our pension plans have accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets. For these plans
December 31
8
7
6
4
December 31
1
1
Mutual
1
5
4
2
1
Mutual
 pooled and commingled funds include investments in equity securities
 fixed-income securities and combinations of both. There are a significant number of mutual
. Fair value disclosures include
 but are not limited to
The Company utilizes the services of investment managers to actively manage the pension assets of our U.S.&#160;plans. We have established asset allocation targets and investment guidelines with each investment manager. Our asset allocation targets promote optimal expected return and volatility characteristics given the long-term time horizon for fulfilling the obligations of the plan. Selection of the targeted asset allocation for U.S. plan assets was based upon a review of the expected return and risk characteristics of each asset class
 as well as the correlation of returns among asset classes. During 2012
&#32;equity investments
&#32;alternative investments. As of December 31
 2012
 the transition to the new asset allocation targets was not complete
The guidelines that have been established with each investment manager provide parameters within which the investment managers agree to operate
 including criteria that determine eligible and ineligible securities
 diversification requirements and credit quality standards
 where applicable. Unless exceptions have been approved
 investment managers are prohibited from buying or selling commodities
 futures or option contracts
 as well as from short selling of securities. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;in global equities
&#32;with multi-strategy alternative credit managers. Long-duration bonds provide a stable rate of return through investments in high-quality publicly traded debt securities. Our investments in long-duration bonds are diversified in order to mitigate duration and credit exposure. Multi-strategy alternative credit managers invest in a combination of high-yield bonds
 bank loans
 structured credit and emerging market debt. These investments are in lower-rated and non-rated debt securities
In addition to investments in equity securities and fixed-income investments
&#32;in alternative investments. These alternative investments include hedge funds
 reinsurance
 private equity limited partnerships
 leveraged buyout funds
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;of our international subsidiaries' plan assets
 primarily certain of our European plans
&#32;mutual
&#32;other investments. The investment strategies of our international subsidiaries differ greatly
Plan assets associated with other benefits primarily represent funding of the U.S. postretirement benefit plan through a U.S. Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA)
December 31
Mutual
. Fair value disclosures include
 but are not limited to
Year Ended December 31
The special termination benefits primarily relate to the Company's productivity
&#32;for additional information related to our productivity
The following table sets forth the changes in AOCI for our benefit plans (in millions
December 31
(2
(1
(1
(1
(3
(2
The following table sets forth amounts in AOCI for our benefit plans (in millions
December 31
(3
(2
(3
(2
Amounts in AOCI expected to be recognized as components of net periodic pension cost in 2013 are as follows (in millions
December 31
December 31
The expected long-term rate of return assumption for U.S. pension plan assets is based upon the target asset allocation and is determined using forward-looking assumptions in the context of historical returns and volatilities for each asset class
December&#160;31
 
 the 10-year annualized return on plan assets in the primary U.S. plan was 
 the 15-year annualized return was 
December 31
The Company's U.S. postretirement benefit plans are primarily defined dollar benefit plans that limit the effects of medical inflation because the plans have established dollar limits for determining our contributions. As a result
December&#160;31
 2012
 were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
 were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. For our non-U.S. plans
Year Ended December 31
2
3
The expected benefit payments for our other postretirement benefit plans are net of estimated federal subsidies expected to be received under the Medicare Prescription Drug
&#32;for the period 2013&#8211;2017
On March&#160;23
 2010
 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (HR 3590) (the Act) was signed into law. As a result of this legislation
 entities are no longer eligible to receive a tax deduction for the portion of prescription drug expenses reimbursed under the Medicare Part&#160;D subsidy. This change resulted in a reduction of our deferred tax assets and a corresponding charge to income tax expense of 
Our Company sponsors qualified defined contribution plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. Under the largest U.S. defined contribution plan
&#32;of compensation
 subject to certain limitations. Company costs related to the U.S. plans were 
 
 
 respectively. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in certain locations outside the United States. Company costs associated with those plans were 
 
 
As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company now participates in various multi-employer pension plans in the United States. Multi-employer pension plans are designed to cover employees from multiple employers and are typically established under collective bargaining agreements. These plans allow multiple employers to pool their pension resources and realize efficiencies associated with the daily administration of the plan. 
 respectively. In 2011
&#32;for additional information related to these initiatives. The plans we currently participate in have contractual arrangements that extend into 2017. If
 in the future
 we choose to withdraw from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate
Year Ended December&#160;31
3
3
7
8
8
7
11
11
14
In 2010
4
December&#160;31
 2012
1
2
1
1
1
1
1
766
1
1
766 million
 
Year Ended December 31
1
5
6
17
11
12
13
21
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to the following: a gain recognized as a result of the merger of Embotelladora Andina S.A. (Andina) and Embotelladoras Coca-Cola Polar S.A. (Polar); a gain recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
&#32;related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to the net gain recognized as a result of the merger of Embotelladoras Arca
 S.A.B. de C.V. (Arca) and Grupo Continental S.A.B. (Contal); the gain recognized on the sale of our investment in Embonor; and gains the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
&#32;related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to deferred tax expense on certain current year undistributed foreign earnings that are not considered indefinitely reinvested and amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
4
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives
&#32;impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
Our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the United States
. As a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the Company
 certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants
 including Brazil
 Costa Rica
 Singapore and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from 
December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. In addition
 our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting
In 2010
4
&#32;pretax remeasurement gain associated with the acquisition of CCE's former North America business. This remeasurement gain was not recognized for tax purposes and therefore no tax expense was recorded on this gain. Also
 as a result of this acquisition
&#32;of deferred tax liabilities which were associated with our equity investment in CCE prior to the acquisition. In addition
&#32;charge related to the settlement of preexisting relationships with CCE
. With respect to state and local jurisdictions and countries outside the United States
 with limited exceptions
. For U.S. federal and state tax purposes
Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain
 the Company believes that adequate amounts of tax
 including interest and penalties
December&#160;31
 2012
. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be a benefit to the Company's effective tax rate of $
 exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. The remaining $
 which was recorded as a deferred tax asset
Year Ended December 31

December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. Of these amounts
&#32;of expense
 $
 
 respectively. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
It is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months; however
 we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on our consolidated statements of income or consolidated balance sheets. These changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits
 statute of limitations expiring
 or final settlements in transfer pricing matters that are the subject of litigation. At this time
December&#160;31
 2012
. Those earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 no U.S. federal and state income taxes have been provided thereon. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise
 the Company would be subject to both U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability is not practical because of the complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation; however
December 31
Property
1
1
1
2
4
5
1
4
4
Property
(2
(2
(4
(4
(8
(8
(4
(4
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
6
&#32;must be utilized within the next five years
Year Ended December 31
The Company's deferred tax asset valuation allowances are primarily the result of uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions. These valuation allowances were primarily related to deferred tax assets generated from net operating losses. Current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. If we were to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or generate sufficient income of the appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future
 it could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense. The Company believes that it will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
&#32;in its valuation allowances. This decrease was primarily related to the reversal of valuation allowances in several foreign jurisdictions. As a result of considering recent significant positive evidence
 including
 among other items
 a consistent pattern of earnings in the past three years
 as well as business plans showing continued profitability
&#32;for additional information on the Company's Philippine bottling operations. In addition
 the Company recognized an increase in its valuation allowances primarily due to the addition of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting and increases in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations.
&#32;in its valuation allowances. This decrease was primarily related to the utilization of net operating losses during the normal course of business operations; the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain expiring attributes; and the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain equity investments. In addition
 the Company recognized an increase in the valuation allowances primarily due to the carryforward of expenses disallowed in the current year and increases in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations.
&#32;in its valuation allowances. This increase was primarily related to valuation allowances on various tax loss carryforwards acquired in conjunction with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. The Company also recognized an increase in the valuation allowances due to the carryforward of expenses disallowed in the current year and changes to deferred tax assets and a related valuation allowance on certain equity method investments. In addition
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company is separately presented on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of The Coca-Cola Company's shareowners' equity
 which also includes our proportionate share of equity method investees' AOCI. Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) attributable to noncontrolling interests is allocated to
 and included in
December 31
(1
(1
(2
(1
(3
(2
OCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company
 including our proportionate share of equity method investees' OCI
December&#160;31
 2012
 
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States define fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
Level&#160;2&#160;&#8212; Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level&#160;1. We value assets and liabilities included in this level using dealer and broker quotations
 certain pricing models
 bid prices
 quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
Level&#160;3&#160;&#8212; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models
In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 certain assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. For our Company
 the only assets and liabilities that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis are investments in equity and debt securities classified as trading or available-for-sale and derivative financial instruments. Additionally
The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities using quoted market prices from daily exchange traded markets are based on the closing price as of the balance sheet date and are classified as Level&#160;1. The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities classified as Level 2 are priced using quoted market prices for similar instruments or nonbinding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data. Inputs into these valuation techniques include actual trade data
 benchmark yields
 broker/dealer quotes and other similar data. These inputs are obtained from quoted market prices
The fair values of our derivative instruments other than futures are determined using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets
 or can be derived from observable market transactions
 and therefore have been classified as Level&#160;2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models for derivative instruments other than futures include the applicable exchange rates
 forward rates
 interest rates and discount rates. The standard valuation model for options also uses implied volatility as an additional input. The discount rates are based on the historical U.S. Deposit or U.S. Treasury rates
Included in the fair value of derivative instruments is an adjustment for nonperformance risk. The adjustment is based on current credit default swap (CDS) rates applied to each contract
December&#160;31
1
3
4
1
3
5
December&#160;31
1
1
1
2
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 the Company records assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Generally
December&#160;31
 2012
December 31
As a result of the merger of Andina and Polar
The Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA executed a share purchase agreement for the sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated Philippine bottling operations. As a result of this agreement
 the Company was required to classify our Philippine bottling operations as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
&#32;during the year ended December 31
 2012
&#32;as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 issuing additional shares of its own stock at a per share amount greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment. Accordingly
&#32;the Company recognized due to the Company acquiring an ownership interest in Mikuni for which we paid a premium over the publicly traded market price. This premium was expensed on the acquisition date. Subsequent to this transaction
As a result of the merger of Arca and Contal
 the Company recognized a gain of $
 primarily as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 issuing additional shares of its own stock at per share amounts greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment. Accordingly
&#32;related to an investment in an entity accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Subsequent to the recognition of these impairment charges
These assets primarily consisted of Company-owned inventory as well as cold-drink equipment that were damaged or lost as a result of the natural disasters in Japan on March 11
&#32;related to Company-owned inventory and cold-drink equipment
The fair value hierarchy discussed above is not only applicable to assets and liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheets
 but is also applied to certain other assets that indirectly impact our consolidated financial statements. For example
 our Company sponsors and/or contributes to a number of pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Assets contributed by the Company become the property of the individual plans. Even though the Company no longer has control over these assets
 we are indirectly impacted by subsequent fair value adjustments to these assets. The actual return on these assets impacts the Company's future net periodic benefit cost
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
Mutual
1
1
3
2
1
7
2
2
1
6
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
Mutual
Purchases
1
1
Purchases
1
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Mutual
The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those instruments. Where quoted prices are not available
 fair value is estimated using discounted cash flows and market-based expectations for interest rates
December&#160;31
 2012
 the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
$16
17
157 million
December&#160;31
 2011
 the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
$15
16
360 million
In December 2011
 the Company detected that orange juice being imported from Brazil contained residues of carbendazim
 a fungicide that is not registered in the United States for use on citrus products. As a result
&#32;during the year ended December 31
On March 11
 2011
 a major earthquake struck off the coast of Japan
 resulting in a tsunami that devastated the northern and eastern regions of the country. As a result of these events
 the Company made a donation to a charitable organization to establish the Coca-Cola Japan Reconstruction Fund
&#32;related to these events during the year ended December 31
 2011
&#32;in deductions from revenue
&#32;recorded in deductions from revenue were primarily related to funds we provided our local bottling partners to enable them to continue producing and distributing our beverage products in the affected regions. This support not only helped restore our business operations in the impacted areas
In 2012
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $
&#32;for additional information on our productivity and reinvestment program as well as the Company's other productivity
In 2011
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $
&#32;associated with the Company's productivity
&#32;for additional information on our productivity
In 2010
 the Company incurred other operating charges of $
&#32;related to the Company's productivity
&#32;for additional information on our productivity
December&#160;31
 2012
 
In 2012
&#32;related to changes in the structure of Beverage Partners Worldwide (BPW)
In 2012
&#32;as a result of the merger of Andina and Polar
 with Andina being the acquiring company. Prior to this transaction
 the Company held an investment in Andina that we accounted for as an available-for-sale security as well as an investment in Polar that we accounted for under the equity method of accounting. The merger of the two companies was a noncash transaction that resulted in Polar shareholders exchanging their existing Polar shares for newly issued shares of Andina at a specified exchange rate. As a result
On December 13
 2012
 the Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA executed a share purchase agreement for the sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated Philippine bottling operations. As a result of this agreement
 the Company was required to classify our Philippine bottling operations as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
&#32;during the year ended December 31
 2012
&#32;as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA issuing additional shares of its own stock at a per share amount greater than the carrying value of the Company's investment. Accordingly
During the year ended December 31
 2012
&#32;due to the acquisition of an ownership interest in Mikuni for which we paid a premium over the publicly traded market price. Although the Company paid this premium to obtain specific rights that have an economic and strategic value to the Company
&#32;during the year ended December 31
 2012
In 2011
 the Company recognized a net gain of $
 primarily as a result of the merger of Arca and Contal
 two bottling partners headquartered in Mexico
&#32;for additional information on the measurement of the gain. As a result
&#32;during 2011
 primarily as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA issuing additional shares of its own stock at per share amounts greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment. Accordingly
 the Company is required to treat this type of transaction as if we sold a proportionate share of our investment in Coca-Cola FEMSA. The gains the Company recognized as a result of the previous transactions were partially offset by charges associated with certain of the Company's equity method investments in Japan. In addition
During 2011
In 2010
4
&#32;of our investment in Le&#227;o Junior
During 2010
 in addition to the transaction gains
&#32;for additional information related to our preexisting relationships with CCE. The remeasurement loss related to our Venezuelan subsidiary's net assets was due to the Venezuelan government announcing a currency devaluation and Venezuela becoming a hyperinflationary economy subsequent to December&#160;31
 2009. As a result
 our local subsidiary was required to use the U.S. dollar as its functional currency
Also during 2010
PRODUCTIVITY
In February 2012
December&#160;31
&#32;for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
 communication
During 2008
 the Company announced a transformation effort centered on productivity initiatives to provide additional flexibility to invest for growth. The initiatives impacted a number of areas
In 2011
&#32;for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
 communication
In 2010
 we acquired CCE's former North America business and began an integration initiative to develop
 design and implement our future operating framework. Upon completion of the CCE transaction
 we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 into a unified bottling and customer service organization called Coca-Cola Refreshments
 or CCR. In addition
 we reshaped our remaining CCNA operations into an organization that primarily provides franchise leadership and consumer marketing and innovation for the North American market. As a result of the transaction and related reorganization
 our North American businesses operate as aligned and agile organizations with distinct capabilities
In 2011
&#32;for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
In 2008
 the Company began an integration initiative related to the 
 $
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company is currently reviewing other integration and restructuring opportunities within the German bottling and distribution operations
 which if implemented will result in additional charges in future periods. However
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company had not finalized any additional plans.
 $
 
 respectively. These other restructuring initiatives were outside the scope of the productivity
December&#160;31
 2012
The business of our Company is nonalcoholic beverages. Our geographic operating segments (Eurasia and Africa; Europe; Latin America; North America; and Pacific) derive a majority of their revenues from the manufacture and sale of beverage concentrates and syrups and
 in some cases
 the sale of finished beverages. Our Bottling Investments operating segment is comprised of our Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations
 regardless of the geographic location of the bottler
 except for bottling operations managed by CCR
 which are included in our North America operating segment
 and equity income from the majority of our equity method investments. Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations derive the majority of their revenues from the sale of finished beverages. Subsequent to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business on October&#160;2
 2010
. Generally
Year Ended December 31
2
Includes fountain syrups manufactured by the Company
 including consolidated bottling operations
Includes net operating revenues related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business for the full year in 2012 and 2011. In 2010
 the percentage includes net operating revenues from the date of the CCE acquisition on October&#160;2
Management evaluates the performance of our operating segments separately to individually monitor the different factors affecting financial performance. Our Company manages income taxes and certain treasury-related items
 such as interest income and expense
Year Ended December 31
19
18
10
28
27
24
48
46
35
The following table provides information related to our property
Year Ended December 31
8
8
8
5
6
6
Property
14
14
14
December&#160;31
 2012
 
2
4
4
21
5
8
48
(1
2
5
4
21
6
8
(1
48
1
2
2
2
2
(1
10
1
1
1
3
2
2
2
(1
11
1
2
2
34
2
9
22
75
1
8
10
1
2
2
4
4
20
5
8
46
(1
2
5
4
20
5
8
(1
46
1
3
2
2
2
(1
10
1
1
1
3
2
2
2
11
1
3
2
33
2
8
20
71
7
8
1
1
2
2
4
3
11
4
8
35
(1
2
5
4
11
5
8
(1
35
2
2
1
2
(1
8
1
1
1
3
2
1
2
1
2
14
1
2
2
32
1
8
16
65
6
7
2
Principally cash and cash equivalents
 short-term investments
 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 inventories
 goodwill
 trademarks and other intangible assets and property
Property
&#32;of consolidated property
 plant and equipment&#160;&#8212; net in 
Principally equity method investments
 available-for-sale securities and nonmarketable investments in bottling companies.
&#32;for Europe
&#32;for North America
&#32;for Pacific
&#32;for Europe
&#32;for North America due to costs associated with the Company detecting residues of carbendazim
 a fungicide that is not registered in the United States for use on citrus products
 in orange juice imported from Brazil for distribution in the United States. As a result
&#32;for Corporate due to the loss the Company recognized on the pending sale of a majority ownership interest in our Philippine bottling operations to Coca-Cola FEMSA which closed in January 2013. As of December 31
 2012
&#32;for Corporate due to the Company acquiring an ownership interest in Mikuni for which we paid a premium over the publicly traded market price. This premium was expensed on the acquisition date. Subsequent to this transaction
&#32;for Eurasia and Africa
&#32;for Europe
&#32;for Pacific due to changes in the structure of BPW
 our 50/50 joint venture with Nestl&#233; in the ready-to-drink tea category. Refer to 
&#32;for Eurasia and Africa
&#32;for Europe
&#32;for Latin America
&#32;for North America
&#32;for Pacific
&#32;for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
&#32;for additional information on our productivity
&#32;for North America due to charges associated with the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
&#32;for Bottling Investments
&#32;for Corporate
&#32;for Corporate
&#32;for Corporate
 primarily due to the gain on the sale of our investment in Embonor
 a bottling partner with operations primarily in Chile. Prior to this transaction
 the Company accounted for our investment in Embonor under the equity method of accounting. Refer to 
&#32;for Eurasia and Africa
&#32;for Europe
&#32;for North America
&#32;for Pacific
&#32;for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
&#32;for Bottling Investments. This net charge was primarily attributable to the Company's proportionate share of unusual tax charges
 asset impairments
 restructuring charges and transaction costs recorded by equity method investees
4
Year Ended December 31
(1
(1
Management of the Company is responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in our annual report on Form&#160;10-K. The financial statements were prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances and
 accordingly
Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of internal controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Our internal control system is supported by a program of internal audits and appropriate reviews by management
 written policies and guidelines
 careful selection and training of qualified personnel and a written Code of Business Conduct adopted by our Company's Board of Directors
 applicable to all officers and employees of our Company and subsidiaries. In addition
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements and
 even when determined to be effective
 can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
December&#160;31
. In making this assessment
. Based on this assessment
December&#160;31
The Company's independent auditors
 Ernst&#160;&amp; Young&#160;LLP
 a registered public accounting firm
 are appointed by the Audit Committee of the Company's Board of Directors
The Audit Committee of our Company's Board of Directors
 composed solely of Directors who are independent in accordance with the requirements of the New York Stock Exchange listing standards
 the Exchange Act
 and the Company's Corporate Governance Guidelines
 meets with the independent auditors
Chairman of the Board of Directors
February&#160;27
February&#160;27
February&#160;27
December&#160;31
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareowners' equity
December&#160;31
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 27
Atlanta
February 27
December&#160;31
 2012
&#32;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (the COSO criteria). The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries' management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 The Coca-Cola Company and subsidiaries maintained
 in all material respects
December&#160;31
 2012
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
December&#160;31
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of income
 comprehensive income
 shareowners' equity
December&#160;31
 2012
 and our report dated February 27
Atlanta
February 27
11
13
12
11
48
6
7
7
6
28
2
2
2
1
9
2
10
12
12
11
46
6
7
7
6
28
1
2
2
1
8
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. The Company's change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
On July 27
 2012
&#32;stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
The Company's first quarter 2012 results were impacted by one less shipping day compared to the first quarter of 2011. Furthermore
Charges of $61 million for North America
Charge of $6 million for North America due to costs associated with the Company detecting residues of carbendazim
 a fungicide that is not registered in the United States for use on citrus products
 in orange juice imported from Brazil for distribution in the United States. As a result
Charge of $3 million for Corporate due to changes in the structure of BPW
Net tax benefit of $8 million associated with the reversal of a valuation allowance in one of the Company's foreign jurisdictions
 partially offset by amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the second quarter of 2012
Charges of $48 million for North America
Benefit of $92 million for Corporate due to a gain the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
Charges of $3 million for Eurasia and Africa
 $6 million for Europe
 $2 million for Latin America
Net tax benefit of $25 million associated with the reversal of a valuation allowance in one of the Company's foreign jurisdictions as well as amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the third quarter of 2012
Charges of $48 million for North America
 $1&#160;million for Pacific
Charges of $1 million for Latin America
 $1&#160;million for North America
Net charge of $7 million related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
The Company's fourth quarter 2012 results were impacted by two additional shipping days compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. Furthermore
Charges of $1 million for Europe
 $70 million for North America
 $2 million for Pacific
Charge of $108 million for Corporate due to the loss the Company recognized on the pending sale of a majority ownership interest in our Philippine bottling operations to Coca-Cola FEMSA. This transaction was completed in January 2013. As of December 31
 2012
Benefits of $1 million for Eurasia and Africa
 $1 million for Latin America
 $1 million for North America
Net tax benefit of $124 million associated with the reversal of a valuation allowance in one of the Company's foreign jurisdictions as well as amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the first quarter of 2011
Charges of $1&#160;million for Eurasia and Africa
 $1&#160;million for Europe
 $111&#160;million for North America
 $1 million for Pacific
 $21&#160;million for Bottling Investments and $27 million for Corporate due to the Company's ongoing productivity
Gain of $102 million for Corporate due to the sale of our investment in Embonor
 a bottling partner with operations primarily in Chile. Prior to this transaction
Charge of $79 million for Pacific associated with the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
Charge of $4 million for Bottling Investments
A net tax charge of $3&#160;million related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the second quarter of 2011
Charges of $8&#160;million for Eurasia and Africa
 $2&#160;million for Europe
 $1&#160;million for Latin America
 $66 million for North America
 $23&#160;million for Bottling Investments and $47&#160;million for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
A net gain of $417 million for Corporate
Charge of $4 million for Pacific due to the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March&#160;11
A net tax charge of $16 million related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the third quarter of 2011
Charges of $2&#160;million for Europe
 $2&#160;million for Latin America
 $52 million for North America
 $2 million for Pacific
 $14&#160;million for Bottling Investments and $26&#160;million for Corporate
 due to the Company's ongoing productivity
Charge of $36 million for Bottling Investments
A net charge of $1 million associated with the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
A net tax benefit of $4 million related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
In the fourth quarter of 2011
Charges of $3&#160;million for Eurasia and Africa
 $20&#160;million for Europe
 $1 million for Latin America
 $145 million for North America
 $1 million for Pacific
 $31&#160;million for Bottling Investments and $64&#160;million for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
A net gain of $122 million for Corporate
 primarily due to gains the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
Charge of $13 million for Bottling Investments
A net tax benefit of $22 million related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
The Company
 under the supervision and with the participation of its management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule&#160;13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
&#32;public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are set forth in Part&#160;II
December&#160;31
&#32;that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
ITEM 10.&#160;&#160;DIRECTORS
ITEM 13.&#160;&#160;CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
The schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) are not required under the related instructions or are inapplicable and
 therefore
In reviewing the agreements included as exhibits to this report
 please remember they are included to provide you with information regarding their terms and are not intended to provide any other factual or disclosure information about the Company or the other parties to the agreements. The agreements contain representations
 warranties
 covenants and conditions by or of each of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations
 warranties
should not in all instances be treated as categorical statements of fact
may have been qualified by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement
Accordingly
 these representations and warranties may not describe the actual state of affairs as of the date they were made or at any other time. Additional information about the Company may be found elsewhere in this report and the Company's other public filings
(With regard to applicable cross-references in the list of exhibits below
 the Company's Current
 Quarterly and Annual Reports are filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC) under File No.&#160;001-02217; and Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Current
Business Separation and Merger Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;25
 2010
 by and among Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.
 International CCE
&#160;Inc.
&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;3
 2010. In accordance with Item&#160;601(b)(2) of Regulation&#160;S-K
Amendment No.&#160;1
 dated as of September&#160;6
 2010
 to the Business Separation and Merger Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;25
 2010
 by and among Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.
 International CCE&#160;Inc.
 the Company and Cobalt Subsidiary&#160;LLC&#160;&#8212; incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on September&#160;7
Tax Sharing Agreement
 dated as of February 25
 2010
 by and among The Coca-Cola Company
 Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. and International CCE
 Inc. (included as Exhibit I to the Business Separation and Merger Agreement) &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.2 of the Company's Current Report on Form      8-K filed on March 3
Employee Matters Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;25
 2010
 by and among The Coca-Cola Company
 Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. and International CCE
&#160;Inc. (included as Exhibit&#160;II to the Business Separation and Merger Agreement)&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;3
Letter Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;25
 2010
 by and between the Company and Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;3
Share Purchase Agreement
 dated as of March&#160;20
 2010
 by and among The Coca-Cola Company
 Bottling Holdings (Luxembourg) s.a.r.l.
 Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. and International CCE
&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;22
 2010. In accordance with Item&#160;601(b)(2) of Regulation&#160;S-K
Certificate of Incorporation of the Company
 including Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation
 dated July 27
 2012&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;3.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September 28
By-Laws of the Company
 as amended and restated through April&#160;17
 2008&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;3.2 of the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended June&#160;27
As permitted by the rules of the SEC
 the Company has not filed certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Company or consolidated subsidiaries under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10&#160;percent of the total assets of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries. The Company agrees to furnish to the SEC
 upon request
Amended and Restated Indenture
 dated as of April&#160;26
 1988
 between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
 as successor to Bankers Trust Company
 as trustee&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-3 (Registration No.&#160;33-50743) filed on October&#160;25
First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of February&#160;24
 1992
 to Amended and Restated Indenture
 dated as of April&#160;26
 1988
 between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
 as successor to Bankers Trust Company
 as trustee&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-3 (Registration No.&#160;33-50743) filed on October&#160;25
Second Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of November&#160;1
 2007
 to Amended and Restated Indenture
 dated as of April&#160;26
 1988
 as amended
 between the Company and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas
 as successor to Bankers Trust Company
 as trustee&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;5
Form of Note for 5.350% Notes due November&#160;15
 2017&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed October&#160;31
Form of Note for 3.625% Notes due March&#160;15
 2014&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;5
Form of Note for 4.875% Notes due March&#160;15
 2019&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on March&#160;5
Form of Note for 0.750% Notes due November 15
 2013 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed November&#160;18
Form of Note for 1.500% Notes due November 15
 2015 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed November&#160;18
Form of Note for 3.150% Notes due November 15
 2020 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed November&#160;18
Form of Exchange and Registration Rights Agreement among the Company
 the representatives of the initial purchasers of the Notes and the other parties named therein &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed August 8
Form of Note for 1.80% Notes due September 1
 2016 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.13 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Form of Note for 3.30% Notes due September 1
 2021 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;4.14 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Form of Note for Floating Rates Notes due March 14
 2014 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14
Form of Note for 0.750% Notes due March 13
 2015 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14
Form of Note for 1.650% Notes due March 14
 2018 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 14
Supplemental Disability Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated effective January&#160;1
 2003&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Termination of the Company's Supplemental Disability Plan
 effective December 31
Performance Incentive Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated as of February 16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February 17
1999 Stock Option Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated through February&#160;16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;17
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 1999 Stock Option Plan of the Company&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;14
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 1999 Stock Option Plan of the Company
 as adopted December&#160;12
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;21
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 1999 Stock Option Plan of the Company
 as adopted February&#160;18
 2009&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;18
2002 Stock Option Plan of the Company
 amended and restated through February&#160;18
 2009&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;18
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 2002 Stock Option Plan
 as amended&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on December&#160;8
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 2002 Stock Option Plan
 as adopted December&#160;12
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.9 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;21
Form of Stock Option Agreement in connection with the 2002 Stock Option Plan
 as adopted February&#160;18
 2009&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;18
2008 Stock Option Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated
 effective February&#160;16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;17
Form of Stock Option Agreement for grants under the Company's 2008 Stock Option Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed July&#160;16
Form of Stock Option Agreement for grants under the Company's 2008 Stock Option Plan
 as adopted February&#160;18
 2009&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;18
1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated through February 16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February 17
1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated through February&#160;16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;17
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) in connection with the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as adopted December 12
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February 21
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) for France in connection with the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as adopted December 12
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February 21
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February&#160;17
 2010&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;18
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) in connection with The         Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February&#160;17
 2010&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;18
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) for France in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February&#160;17
 2010&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on February&#160;18
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) in connection with the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as adopted February 16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;17
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) for France in connection with the 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan of the Company
 as adopted February 16
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed February&#160;17
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement (Performance Share Unit Agreement) for France in connection with The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 as adopted February 15
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 15
Compensation Deferral&#160;&amp; Investment Program of the Company
 as amended
 including Amendment Number Four
 dated November&#160;28
 1995&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.13 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment Number Five to the Compensation Deferral&#160;&amp; Investment Program of the Company
 effective as of January&#160;1
 1998&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.8.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment Number Six to the Compensation Deferral&#160;&amp; Investment Program of the Company
 dated as of January&#160;12
 2004
 effective January&#160;1
 2004&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.9.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Supplemental Pension Plan
 Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2010&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.10.6 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment One to The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental Pension Plan
 effective December 31
 2012
 dated December 6
The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental 401(k) Plan (f/k/a the Supplemental Thrift Plan of the Company)
 Amended and Restated Effective January 1
 2012
 dated December 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental Cash Balance Plan
 effective January 1
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment One to The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental Cash Balance Plan
 dated December 6
The Coca-Cola Company Directors' Plan
 amended and restated on December 13
 2012
 effective January 1
Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated effective December 13
 2006 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Executive Incentive Plan of the Company
 adopted as of February&#160;14
 2001&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.19 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Deferred Compensation Plan of the Company
 as amended and restated December 8
 2010 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.16 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Employee Share Plan
 effective as of March&#160;13
 2002&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Employees' Savings and Share Ownership Plan of Coca-Cola&#160;Ltd.
 effective as of January&#160;1
 1990&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.32 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Share Purchase Plan&#160;&#8212; Denmark
 effective as of 1991&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.33 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Company Benefits Plan for Members of the Board of Directors
 as amended and restated through April&#160;14
 2004&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended March&#160;31
Amendment Number One to the Company's Benefits Plan for Members of the Board of Directors
 dated December&#160;16
 2005&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.31.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Employment Agreement
 dated as of February&#160;20
 2003
 between the Company and Jos&#233; Octavio Reyes&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.43 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Letter
 dated September 13
 2012
 between Servicios Integrados de Administraci&#243;n y Alta Gerencia
 S de R.L. de C.V. and Jos&#233; Octavio Reyes &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Modification of Conditions
 Termination Agreement and Release
 dated September 13
 2012
 between Servicios Integrados de Administraci&#243;n y Alta Gerencia
 S de R.L. de C.V. and Jos&#233; Octavio Reyes &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
The Coca-Cola Company Severance Pay Plan
 As Amended and Restated Effective January 1
 2012
 dated December 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.22 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December 31
Order Instituting Cease and Desist Proceedings
 Making Findings and Imposing a Cease-and-Desist Order Pursuant to Section&#160;8A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section&#160;21C of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on April&#160;18
Offer of Settlement of The Coca-Cola Company&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on April&#160;18
Employment Agreement
 effective as of May&#160;1
 2005
 between Refreshment Services&#160;S.A.S. and Dominique Reiniche
 dated September&#160;7
 2006&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on September&#160;12
Refreshment Services&#160;S.A.S. Defined Benefit Plan
 dated September&#160;25
 2006&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.3 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September&#160;29
Share Purchase Agreement among Coca-Cola South Asia Holdings
&#160;Inc. and San Miguel Corporation
 San Miguel Beverages (L)&#160;Pte Limited and San Miguel Holdings Limited in connection with the Company's purchase of Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines
&#160;Inc.
 dated December&#160;23
 2006&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on December&#160;29
Cooperation Agreement between Coca-Cola South Asia Holdings
&#160;Inc. and San Miguel Corporation in connection with the Company's purchase of Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines
&#160;Inc.
 dated December&#160;23
 2006&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on December&#160;29
Offer Letter
 dated July&#160;20
 2007
 from the Company to Joseph V. Tripodi
 including Agreement on Confidentiality
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
 dated July&#160;20
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September&#160;28
Agreement between the Company and Joseph V. Tripodi
 dated December&#160;15
 2008&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.47.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Letter
 dated July&#160;17
 2008
 to Muhtar Kent&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed July&#160;21
Separation Agreement between the Company and Robert Leechman
 dated February&#160;24
 2009
 including form of Full and Complete Release and Agreement on Competition
 Trade Secrets and Confidentiality&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.9 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April&#160;3
Separation Agreement between the Company and Cynthia McCague
 dated June&#160;22
 2009 (effective as of July&#160;22
 2009)
 including form of Full and Complete Release and Agreement on Competition
 Trade Secrets and Confidentiality and summary of anticipated consulting agreement&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended October&#160;2
Letter of Understanding between the Company and Ceree Eberly
 dated October&#160;26
 2009
 including Agreement on Confidentiality
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
 dated November&#160;1
 2009&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.47 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Overseas Retirement Plan
 as amended and restated
 effective October&#160;1
 2007&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.55 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment Number One to The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Overseas Retirement Plan
 as Amended and Restated Effective October 1
 2007
 dated September 29
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment Number Two to The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Overseas Retirement Plan
 as Amended and Restated Effective October 1
 2007
 dated November 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.34.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment Number Three to The Coca-Cola Export Corporation Overseas Retirement Plan
 as Amended and Restated Effective October 1
 2007
 dated September 27
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 28
The Coca-Cola Export Corporation International Thrift Plan
 as amended and restated
 effective January&#160;1
 2011&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 1
Amendment Number One to The Coca-Cola Export Corporation International Thrift Plan
 as Amended and Restated
 Effective January&#160;1
 2011
 dated September 20
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.35.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Amendment Number Two to The Coca-Cola Export Corporation International Thrift Plan
 as Amended and Restated Effective January 1
 2011
 dated September 27
 2012 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 28
Letter Agreement
 dated as of June&#160;7
 2010
 between The Coca-Cola Company and Dr&#160;Pepper Seven-Up
&#160;Inc.&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form&#160;8-K filed on June&#160;7
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. Stock Deferral Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-3 (Registration No.&#160;333-169724) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 1997 Stock Option Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 1999 Stock Option Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2001 Restricted Stock Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2001 Stock Option Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2004 Stock Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;99.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form&#160;S-8 (Registration No.&#160;333-169722) filed on October&#160;1
Form of 2007 Stock Option Agreement (Senior Officers) under the Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.32 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Form of Stock Option Agreement (Chief Executive Officer and Senior Officers) under the Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan for Awards after October&#160;29
 2008&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.16.4 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Form of 2007 Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (Senior Officers) under the Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.16.7 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Form of 2007 Performance Share Unit Agreement (Senior Officers) under the Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.16.10 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Form of Performance Share Unit Agreement (Chief Executive Officer and Senior Officers) under the      Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2007 Incentive Award Plan for Awards after October&#160;29
 2008&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.16.12 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Supplemental Matched Employee Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2010)&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
First Amendment to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Supplemental Matched Employee Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2010)
 dated September&#160;24
 2010 &#8212;  incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.45.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Second Amendment to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Supplemental Matched Employee Savings and Investment Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2010)
 dated November&#160;3
 2010 &#8212;   incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.45.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Third Amendment to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Supplemental Matched Employee Savings and Investment Plan
 Effective January&#160;1
 2010
 dated February 15
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Fourth Amendment to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Supplemental Matched Employee Savings and Investment Plan
 effective December 31
 2011
 dated December 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.45.5 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Coca-Cola Refreshments Executive Pension Plan
 dated December&#160;13
 2010 (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2011) &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.46 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment Number One to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Executive Pension Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January&#160;1
 2011)
 dated as of July 14
 2011&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Amendment Number Two to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Executive Pension Plan
 effective December 31
 2011
 dated December 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.46.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
Summary Plan Description for Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Executive Long-Term Disability Plan&#160;&#8212; incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.18 of Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Executive Severance Plan (Amended and Restated Effective December&#160;31
 2008)&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5.4 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Form Agreement in connection with the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Executive Severance Plan (Amended and Restated Effective September&#160;25
 2008)&#160;&#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.5.5 to Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc.) Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
First Amendment to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Executive Severance Plan (Amended and Restated Effective December&#160;31
 2008)
 dated as of November&#160;3
 2010 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.48.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Amendment Number Two to the Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
&#160;Inc. Executive Severance Plan (Amended and Restated Effective December&#160;31
 2008)
 dated as of July 14
 2011 &#8212;  incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended September 30
Amendment Number Three to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Executive Severance Plan
 dated September 24
 2012 - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on September 28
Amendment to certain Coca-Cola Refreshments USA
 Inc.'s (formerly known as Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc.) Employee Benefit Plans and Equity Plans
 effective December 6
 2010 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.49 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Offer Letter
 dated October&#160;21
 2010
 from the Company to Steven A. Cahillane
 including Agreement on Confidentiality
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
 dated November&#160;10
 2010 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.50 to the Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to Steven A. Cahillane &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Offer Letter
 dated January 5
 2011
 from the Company to Guy Wollaert
 including Agreement on Confidentiality
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
 dated June 23
 2008 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit&#160;10.9 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 1
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to Ahmet Bozer &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to Brian Smith &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to J. Alexander Douglas
 Jr. &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to Brian Kelley - incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to Nathan Kalumbu &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Letter
 dated September 11
 2012
 from the Company to James Quincey &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 14
Service Agreement between Beverage Services Limited and James Robert Quincey
 dated November 14
Letter
 dated December 12
 2012
 from the Company to Glen Walter
 including Agreement on Confidentiality
 Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation
 dated December 14
Coca-Cola Refreshments Supplemental Pension Plan (Amended and Restated Effective January 1
 2011)
 dated December 13
 2010 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
Amendment Number One to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Supplemental Pension Plan
 dated December 14
 2011 &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
Amendment Two to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Supplemental Pension Plan
 dated December 6
Coca-Cola Refreshments Severance Pay Plan for Exempt Employees
 effective as of January 1
Amendment One to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Severance Pay Plan for Exempt Employees
 effective January 1
 2012
 dated May 24
Amendment Two to the Coca-Cola Refreshments Severance Pay Plan for Exempt Employees
 dated December 6
Computation of Ratios of Earnings to Fixed Charges for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011
 2010
Preferability Letter from Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm &#8212; incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 18.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 30
List of subsidiaries of the Company as of December 31
Rule&#160;13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
 executed by Muhtar Kent
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
Rule&#160;13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification
 executed by Gary P. Fayard
Certifications required by Rule&#160;13a-14(b) or Rule&#160;15d-14(b) and Section&#160;1350 of Chapter&#160;63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350)
 executed by Muhtar Kent
 Chairman of the Board of Directors
 Chief Executive Officer and President of The Coca-Cola Company and by Gary P. Fayard
The following financial information from The Coca-Cola Company's Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
 2012
 formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 (ii)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 (iii) Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 (iv)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012
 2011 and 2010
 (v)&#160;Consolidated Statements of Shareowners' Equity for the years ended December 31
 2012
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
Chairman of the Board of Directors
February 27
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
Chairman of the Board of Directors
Chief Executive Officer
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
February 27
 2013














		


The undersigned
 representing the majority of the members of The Coca-Cola Company Benefits Committee (the Committee)
WHEREAS
Coca-Cola Company Supplemental Disability Plan
 as amended and restated effective January 1
WHEREAS
 pursuant to Section 5.4 of the Plan
WHEREAS
 effective at midnight on December 31
 2012
NOW
 THEREFORE
 BE IT RESOLVED
 that the Committee hereby terminates the Plan effective as of midnight on December 31
BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the undersigned members of the Committee have executed this Resolution effective as of midnight on December 31
 2012.














		


WHEREAS
WHEREAS
NOW THEREFORE
 the Plan is hereby amended as follows
 effective December 31
Effective December 31
 2012
&#8220;Prior to January 1
 2013
 the Company or its subsidiaries maintained
 among others
 the following three pension plans:  The Coca-Cola Company Cash Balance Pension Plan (&#8220;Pre-2013 Cash Balance Plan&#8221;)
 The Coca-Cola Company Pension Plan (the &#8220;KO Prior Pension Plan&#8221;) and the Coca-Cola Refreshments Employees' Pension Plan (the &#8220;CCR Prior Pension Plan&#8221;).  Effective January 1
 2013
 the KO Prior Pension Plan and the CCR Prior Pension Plan were merged into the Pre-2013 Cash Balance Plan which was renamed as The Coca-Cola Company Pension Plan. This Plan is intended to cover Employees who were participating in the KO Prior Plan on December 31
 2012
 who accrue pension benefits using the formula previously set forth in the KO Prior Pension Plan
 reflected in Schedule One of the Basic Plan Document
All Employees of the Employer who are eligible for the Qualified Pension Plan
 who were participating in the KO Prior Plan on December 31
 2012
 who accrue pension benefits using the formula previously set forth in the KO Prior Pension Plan
 reflected in Schedule One of the Basic Plan Document
 as that term is defined in Qualified Pension Plan
 and i) whose benefits under the Qualified Pension Plan are limited by the limitations set forth in Code Sections 401(a)(17) or 415 or (ii) who defer compensation under the Deferred Compensation Plan and
 solely on account of such deferrals
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Benefits Committee has caused this Amendment to be signed by its duly authorized member as of this   6














		


WHEREAS
WHEREAS
NOW THEREFORE
 the Plan is hereby amended as follows
 effective December 31
With the exception of the &#8220;Preface&#8221; section
Effective December 31
 2012
&#8220;Prior to January 1
 2013
 the Company or its subsidiaries maintained
 among others
 the following three pension plans:  The Coca-Cola Company Cash Balance Pension Plan (&#8220;Pre-2013 Cash Balance Plan&#8221;)
 The Coca-Cola Company Pension Plan (the &#8220;KO Prior Pension Plan&#8221;) and the Coca-Cola Refreshments Employees' Pension Plan (the &#8220;CCR Prior Pension Plan&#8221;).  Effective January 1
 2013
The Coca-Cola Company established The Coca-Cola Company Supplemental Cash Balance Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) effective January 1
 2012. The Plan is an unfunded supplemental retirement plan for eligible employees and their beneficiaries as described herein.  This Plan is intended to cover Employees who were participating in the Pre-2013 Cash Balance Plan on December 31
 2012 and eligible Employees whose most recent hire date is on or after January 1
 2012
 who accrue pension benefits using the formula previously set forth in the Pre-2013 Cash Balance Plan
 reflected in the Basic Plan Document (Article 4)
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Benefits Committee has caused this Amendment to be signed by its duly authorized member as of this 














		


The Coca-Cola Company Directors&#8217; Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) is amended and restated on December 13
 2012
 effective January 1
 2013 (&#8220;Effective Date&#8221;).  The Plan sets forth the compensation for non-employee Directors of The Coca-Cola Company (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
All compensation awarded to and/or deferred by non-employee Directors of the Company prior to the Effective Date shall be subject to the terms of the Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors of The Coca-Cola Company
 as amended on December 13
 2007
 The Coca-Cola Company Compensation and Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 as adopted on February 19
 2009 effective January 1
 2013
 or The Coca-Cola Company Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors as amended and restated effective April 1
 2006
The following words and phrases as used herein shall have the meaning specified below
&#8221; shall mean the person
 persons or trust designated in writing by the Participant to receive any benefits from the Plan due to the death of the Participant.  If no Beneficiary is designated
 the Beneficiary shall be the Participant&#8217;s spouse.  If no Beneficiary is designated and the Participant has no current spouse
&#8221; shall mean April 1 or
 if April 1 is not a trading day
required to be reported in response to Item 6(e) of Schedule 14A of Regulation 14C under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (1934 Act)
 as in effect on December 13
 2012
occurred at such time as (i) any person (as that term is used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d)(2) of the 1934 Act)
 is or becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act as in effect on December 13
 2012 directly or indirectly
 of securities representing 20% or more of the combined voting power for election of directors of the then outstanding securities of the Company or any successor of the Company; (ii) during any period of two (2) consecutive years or less
 individuals who at the beginning of such period constituted the Board of the Company cease
 for any reason
 to constitute at least a majority of the Board
 unless the election or nomination for election of each new director was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the directors then still in office who were directors at the beginning of the period; (iii) the shareowners of the Company approve any merger or consolidation as a result of which the Stock (as defined below) shall be changed
 converted or exchanged (other than a merger with a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) or any liquidation of the Company or any sale or other disposition of 50% or more of the assets or earning power of the Company and such merger
 consolidation
 liquidation or sale is completed; or (iv) the shareowners of the Company approve any merger or consolidation to which the Company is a party as a result of which the persons who were shareowners of the Company immediately prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation shall have beneficial ownership of less than 50% of the combined voting power for election of directors of the surviving corporation following the effective date of such merger or consolidation and such merger or consolidation is completed; provided
 however
 that no Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if
 prior to such times as a Change in Control would otherwise be deemed to have occurred
 the Board determines otherwise
&#8221; shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
&#8221; shall mean January 1
&#8221; shall mean a corporation(s) or other business organization(s) in which the Company owns
 directly or indirectly
&#8221; shall mean the date that is the later of (i) January 15 of the year following the year in which service as a Director terminates or (ii) six months following the date on which service as a Director terminates.  Where a Participant has elected to receive payment of the balance in the Participant&#8217;s DC Account in the form of installments in accordance with the terms of the Plan
&#8221; shall mean a severe unforeseeable financial hardship as defined in Section 409A of the Code and the regulations thereunder
 including a severe financial hardship resulting from (i) an illness or accident of the Participant
 the Participant&#8217;s spouse
 the Participant&#8217;s designated Beneficiary
 or the Participant&#8217;s dependent (as defined in Section 152 of the Code
152(b)(1)
 (b)(2)
 and (d)(1)(B))
 (ii) the loss of the Participant&#8217;s property due to casualty
. Directors who are on the Board as of January 1
 2013 shall be eligible to participate.  Thereafter
.  Each Participant shall have an AC Account administered in his or her name.  Such AC Account shall be a bookkeeping entry only and no Stock or other assets shall be placed in the Participant&#8217;s name.  On December 31 of each year
.  Unless the Participant has elected to defer all or a portion of the Cash Payment into Share Units in accordance with Article IV of this Plan
 (a) the Participant will be paid $50
000 annually for service on the Board (the &#8220;Director Payment&#8221;)
 payable in equal quarterly installments
 and prorated for partial years of service as set forth in Section 3.4
 as applicable and (b) the Chair of each committee of the Board of Directors shall be paid an additional $20
000 annually for service as a committee Chair (the &#8220;Chair Payment
&#8221; and together with the Director Payment
&lt;div style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:none;&gt;BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;&gt;Description of Business&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Coca-Cola Company is the world's largest beverage company. We own or license and market more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; nonalcoholic beverage brands, primarily sparkling beverages but also a variety of still beverages such as waters, enhanced waters, juices and juice drinks, ready-to-drink teas and coffees, and energy and sports drinks. We own and market &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the world's top five nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands: Coca-Cola, Diet Coke, Fanta and Sprite. Finished beverage products bearing our trademarks, sold in the United States since 1886, are now sold in more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; countries.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;We make our branded beverage products available to consumers throughout the world through our network of Company-owned or -controlled bottling and distribution operations, bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers and retailers&amp;#160;&amp;#8212; the world's largest beverage distribution system. Of the approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;57 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;beverage servings of all types consumed worldwide every day, beverages bearing trademarks owned by or licensed to us account for more than &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;text-decoration:none;&gt;1.8 billion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; servings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On October 2, 2010, we acquired the former North America business of Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. (CCE), one of our major bottlers, consisting of CCE's production, sales and distribution operations in the United States, Canada, the British Virgin Islands, the United States Virgin Islands and the Cayman Islands, and a substantial majority of CCE's corporate segment. Upon completion of the CCE transaction, we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, into a unified bottling and customer service organization called Coca-Cola Refreshments (CCR). In addition, we reshaped our remaining Coca-Cola North America (CCNA) operations into an organization that primarily provides franchise leadership and consumer marketing and innovation for the North American market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-bottom:8px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Our Company markets, manufactures and sells:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=padding-bottom:8px;font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:36px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:24px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8226;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;beverage concentrates, sometimes referred to as beverage bases

begin 644 a2012123110kchart.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_P``1`2X!U
#`2(``A$!`Q$!_\0`

M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^?W_@AC_P
M0Q_X?1_\-1?\91?\
V?\

M'/\`A5G_`%'?[7_MW_F%_P!E_P#$Q_?[_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`&,?\`
MSE%_[LF_]^XK^_R@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK
M^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`_@#_


M`*RB_P#FDW_Y7%'_`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`
MY7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]
M91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`K
MBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`
M/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`_@#_`.(&/_K*


MDW_Y7%'_`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'
M_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;
M_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@
M#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZR
MB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`_@#_`.(&/_K*+_YI-_\`


M`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`
MS2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_
MRB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C
M_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_
M`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`

?

M47_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*X
MK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_
M`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`
MYI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`
MQ_\`647_`

?_647_P`T

MKBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^
M`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K
M*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1
M_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_
M`

?_647_P`TF_\`RN*_

M/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_
M^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^
M5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`
MUE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#R

?_647_P`TF_\`RN*_O\HH`_@#

M**`/X`_^(&/_`*RB_P#FDW_Y7%'_`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/
M_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW
M_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_
M]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF_
M_*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`


M(&/_`*RB_P#FDW_Y7%'_`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:
M3?\`Y7%'_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q
M`Q_]91?_`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O
M_P`KBO[_`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB
M@#^`/_B!C_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`_@#_`.(&


M_P#FDW_Y7%'_`!`Q_P#647_S2;_\KBO[_**`/X`_^(&/_K*+_P:3?\`Y7%'
M_$#'_P!91?\`S2;_`/*XK^_RB@#^`/\`X@8_^LHO_FDW_P5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_
M`#2;_P#*XK^_RB@#^`/_`(@8_P#K*+_YI-_^5Q1_Q`Q_]91?_-)O_P`KBO[_
M`B@#^`/_B!C_PLHO\`YI-_^5Q1_P`0
?\`UE%_\TF__*XK^_RB@#^`/_B!
MC_ZRB_\`FDW_`.5Q1_Q`Q_\`647_`
TF_P#RN*_O\HH`_@#_`.(&/_K*+_YI


GQ

MC_UG7XC5]_U\`?\`!6+_`)19?\%+/^S`/VR/_6=?B-0!_B#4444`?W^?\&
?

M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?`
M'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_P#6=?B-7W_7P!_P5B_Y19?\%+/^S`/VR/\`UG7X
MC4`?X@U%%%`']_G_``8Q_P#.47_NR;_W[BO[_*_@#_X

M5_?Y0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
`/#WBKQ;J/]H^+?%6@Z3_`,2G0;_[']O^WW_V73+6]O;<`]_HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`
M9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_`&8!^V1_ZSK\1J`/\0:BBB@#^_S_
M`(,8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_\`!C'_`,Y1?^[)O_?N*_O\H`****`BBB@

MCK^SG/(OP@^&$&JIX#\)Q^

OA+]JJ'X!^(
M_$WQ-_X)??M5Q_#_`

_&#P9\2/A-X=^.V@QPP1:#XL\
M
?$70=(\-^#?C!I-D-!\266NWGA]KSPQK/Q!N_!3@']:G[?W_!.32OV+/V@O

MTB_%'P/?_$GP'X@\$:9\1/'_`

MAXM\+^

MA_\`!6GP

M?B3Q;\0;*V\8'1O@=\$//PWUSXL?B[\5)X@\0Z+XO^*OC6ZTS6KN^\&?\
M*X^%3W6CW-G\1+YB_+C]FG_`(
KO`'P=^/WP8^+WQ-_;T7XY?#WX:_$;PCX



M=.\


M[S4O#OA/5=

3O$WAS









MOB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4?;OB#_T+'@W_`,+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-

MOB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4?;OB#_T+'@W_`,+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-


#?\`PN];_P#G
M=4?;OB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4`=E17&_;OB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4?;OB#_T+
M'@W_`
+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-_P#[UO_`.=U1]N^(/\`T+'@W_PN

ME17&_;OB#_T+'@W_`

MPN];_P#G=4?;OB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4`=E17&_;OB#_`-QX-_\+O6__G=4
M?;OB#_T+'@W_`
+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-_P#[UO_`.=U1]N^(/\`

M_P#G=4`=E17&_;OB#_T+'@W_`


M+O6__G=4?;OB#_T+'@W_`
+O6_\`YW5`'945Y=XKUSXBZ7X6\2ZG%H7A.PDT

M_;OB#_T+'@W_`
+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-_P#[UO_`.=U1]N^(/\`

M_P#G=4`=E17&_;OB#_T+'@W_`


M+O6__G=4?;OB#_T+'@W_`
+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-_P#[UO_`.=U

M#?\`PN];_P#G=4`=E17&_;OB#_T+'@W_`


+O6_\`YW5`'945QOV[X@_]QX-_P#


+O6_\`YW5'V[X@_P#0



M+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_P#6=?B-7W_7P!_P5B_Y19?\%+/^S`/VR/\`UG7XC4`?
MX@U%%%`']_G_``8Q_P#.47_NR;_W[BO[_*_@#_X



MTWPI\
?BS\'?$?AKQ!/HW@&/2O\`A*KRRUCX
^.['3?`.@:[H&DV/A+1X['6



K9=
&G


M7$.OVES#XDT[3=:M/U`^*^E_%76O`'B#2_@EXW\!_#CXGW2Z:OACQI\3?AGK

M.F7/AW5P#^$7(_XCKLY&
XSD8S_PYZVX^N[C'7/'6O[_`&OY+3_P;B_MAG_@






Y'X^_!__@E?^T3^RC\+]=_9B_8V_PB'B_X*_LDWNM


MPPWQ/^#_`

272W-MK5UJ37MR`?A1_P2T^%&J?M=_\`!T5_P5'_`&Y[
MRFG^$W[+.N_$#X1Z7XNL]LVBZK\5AI&A?LY:+H]E?%C!J




ME1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

MOB+_`.K!\3T`=E1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7&_#K_`))]X$_[$WPQ_PF2QKL
MJXWX=?\`)/O`G_8F^&/_`$R6-`'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5QOPZ_Y)]X$_
M[$WPQ_Z9+&NRKC?AU_R3[P)_V)OAC_TR6-`'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!QOQ
M%_Y)]X[_`.Q-\3_^F2^KLJXWXB_\D^\=_P#8F^)__3)?5V5`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`'&_$7_DGWCO_`+$WQ/\`^F2^KLJXWXB_\D^\=_\`8F^)_P#TR7U=
ME0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%?`'_!6+_E%E_P`%+/\`LP#]LC_UG7XC5]_U\`?\%8O^467_
M``4L_PS`/VR/_6=?B-0!_B#4444`?W^?\&

M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`44

?^F2QKLJXWX=?\D^\?]B;X8
M_P#3)8T`=E1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7&_#K_`))]X$_[$WPQ_PF2QKLJXWX
M=?\`)/O`G_8F^&/_`$R6-`'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444

E]794`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`45^`/\`
MP7._X+G?\.7/^&7?^
7?^&D_^&D_^%V_\UM_X4[_`
(7_P`*=_X5'_U2/XI_
M\)'_`



M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5\`?\%8O^467
M_!2S_LP#]LC_`-9U^(U??]?`'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_P#6=?B-0!_B#444
M4`?W^?\`!C'_`



M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4




M$_Y`E]_V.7Q%_P#5@^)Z[*N-\?\@2^_['+XB_\`JP?$]`'94444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`5QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&NRKC?AU_R3[P)_V)OAC_TR6-`'9444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`5QOPZ_Y)]X$_PQ-\





M%8E\

_[.?CW3KKPKH45OI_BRSU?Q8]U


TS^S_BE\1?^$NT?

M****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_`&8!
M^V1_ZSK\1J`/\0:BBB@#^_S_`(
8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_\`!C'_`
Y1
M?^[)O_?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/X`_^#YS_`)Q=?]WL_P#OH]?U^_\`!)W_`)19

M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*XWX=?\`)/O`G_8F^&/_`$R6-=E7&_#K
M_DGW@3_L3?#'_IDL:`.RHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***




MH7_@X$TZVT?QCX9^
'AG]D[QOX@\)^++/2_$VC:+^QU^R/'\
_C?XJT;QUX%


M;:Q;^.[[P!XF\(ZQXIMKO1_@EX$^('@34]'\0:EXW^'7Q.^+?@?QWH6CZ))(

/M^F_


MQO\`P69_X*9ZC\/?CW_P48_:1\0?!S2-2\/P^'[/6OVL/B#\2/VE/VN-!^&;

^-WPC^(7P[UN;XB:OKWPX
MM]7MK'2?%_\`4[^PM_P:T?\`!*C]C_1_!FL_$?X2_P##9OQM\/\`FZAK/Q*_
M:0





/%-GK&FB\\#7.D^'/V7-








OB,;3X+XNAE];,\
M)A<LS''8K$9AB\GXCR_`9OC<+A,9.O7RG%93CZ2QM7`XO+L'@/K.BBBOWD_R
M:BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_P!F`?MD?^LZ_$:OO^O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K

?\`SE%_[LF_

M`.S`/V-__6=?AS7\@7_!\Y_SBZ_[O9_]]'K^OW_@D[_RBR_X)I_]F`?L;_\`



E]79




MWFJ:SK.J7EKIVEZ=:W-]?7

_%OB#
M]MKXK6?A_P`0W-GIW[





_#KX6^#?#GP_P#`GAW^V]8U

M?V
_^#7_!*C]A?_`(1W6?@_^R1\/_%/Q-\._P#LM3@^-?QT@D^./Q33QW\
M*?-NO#OQ2\+:K\13K?A_X/\`Q`O?$%Q-XLUO4/@+X9^%.CW?B.+2+FTT*PLO

M;E:
4Y2LM3Z3AC@WB_C;
(Y5P9PKQ)Q=FDZF&HPRWAC(\SS[

M@\JPN+Q$JF*Q
X8?#05-RKUY1I4E*I)1?V317\_GQ8_X..OV&O!-YXOT?X;^

%M'_M
M/4;31]-_M3Q#K]YI^DZ?_:&K:A8:79?:[N'[7J-[:6
'F7-S#$_\F=E\)_\`



M$=6

*U'`


MOI^SIX\\!\^^C[@?#OP$XAXPX@X=\(
XS7AW

5Q]@
LRKBC&8[B3
\PXVK9

L^S;#\/^VITL92P^5XC`8QXK%XMC\64445^6'][!7]O\`
M_P`&T_\`R8K\5_\`L[/QU_ZI[X$5_$MH&@:[XKUW1?WA;1=6\2^)O$NK:;H

ML
L\J(W^F?\`L*_LT_\`#'_[)'P._9TFU;^W-6^'?A*7_A*M4BO_`.T].NO'


8N.RG*ZU&K5Y;QGBLPGGA\.GS1Y6Z-+$UY22GRJC&
M$HKVT9Q_Q^_;

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_


M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O\`R3[QW_V)OB?_`-,E]795QOQ%_P2

MK_:%^`7[-?A73_'7[1GQQ^#_`

M/^#LW_@JO^W'X[\!_!C_`()G_LX_\





Z7IE
Z!I-]H2WFO:!#K'PC37;N7^S='U[1?#$]Y?76D?'YKX@\$Y(
MG_:7$^3T9Q@ZCHTL93QF*Y%%SO\`5,$\1B7S13]FE2;JR]RFIR:B?T?P#]$#
MZ3_B=.FN_`OQ'S'#U<12PL

MP4

JJ_HOHK^0:^_X+;_\`!4[]I#3O'.N_L@_L0?\`%L[O[9X.
MT7Q5X.^#?QH_:'\4_#[Q3_PBVEOJ4LOQ`T#^R?AGJWBW2;W5K?Q;H^CZ[\*_
M[.T[3M2\/6/B+P]XELO.O=;UYOV8?^#D']IK7=-TCXJ?';5O@#I_A72=:U+2
MO%
/QJ^'7PCT+5[S4;S0+6;0-2M_V


LE&52485*N.QDJ
L/
RES<G[V_V=_&/:A5\<O'CZ-G@2H4ZDL;D?%_BEE^:

M_%WX3_!?0K3Q3\8OB?\`#SX3^&;_`%:#0+'Q%\2_&OAOP)H5[KMU9W^HVNBV



M^DV*-=:W'K]O\2$T+7-L9;SPMJ6O3WFD6FI?F+\)_\`@V)T*\\(:I\=/VK
M]6U73VTF.;Q[X(^$_P`-K/0+R+7;G0I1+IOA#XI^



M&61SG2KXJ4L%F^(\2

M_P#G;0H+SQ?I?P+_90U;5=/;29(?`7C?XL?$FST\BUVYT*(Q:EXO\`A9X/
M\-^)8)])T?Q-+/')HNC?&*VO/$NA6
4RZ_X4U#57@T?DYOVRO^#BG]IC7=-\




M1--BB^'^O_V3\

M\)_^#:W]D/PO9^$+SXN?%OXX?%CQ-HNK1ZEXIM]%O/GPS^''C2SM==EOK?0
M)OUKH'BOQ[H&DWVA+9Z#K\VC_%Q-=NY?[2UC0=:\
3WEC:Z1_1?177@?![@


%E];
MB*-2I1Q:HSIK._J\GA
%BY4'F.'^NR^?AI_P2X_X)X_?0KOP[X6_8_^!^J

MDO\`4;738=0U75+J\^]J**_0
!E66953='*\NP&6T6H1=+`8/#X.FXT^;DBX


^+.-
PA4Q%:./XLXBSCB/&

QE=5



:SHSCRTTH5(5HQ4I*NYRC*'^BU?]

MN3Q&$Q66UJDZ%-Y7A1J4L3^*W_!,#_@C=\./V[R3XN?$/Q!I/QD_:2U+2;


M*LSIT

M7'8S%XFN4445[1^:!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%

/#OP
MX^)OCF]UKP_9:W=_;HKWP+X=TF#5?!NOZ/KOCR&ZUO0-+^?XEXIR/A'+99KG

4T:E.GB<XSW-\;4HX'+<OH2JTZ

MBI_P4_\`^@WQDU6/5_&G[7/QJM)4T)?#DFF_#WQ7-\'O#5YI:W.HW3C4O'


PWBIX48OB
M:&'C461+_6RAE-:NJL?:X:CQ#5R'ZQ_N_M)X:M7X?H0K8E4L/76$H5)XRC_H
MZT5_-O\`L^?\'+/[&
OPGU'Q/^W/J%U^RQXO\
77AG1[W4?#_@CXP?&/X?\`
MCF75-)CCO_$V@)\




M``4H_8
_8+TZ]O/VN/VJO@_\&-7L_#^@^+(OA]K/B5-=^



OB/XG^*7[;7Q(^*'Q4U#Q)XVNO$WC#2_ACXVMK'X
MC_%J\\9:9X_U7QKXW\3_`+1'Q:\(?$6?PQXVLOB--X$UZZ&J?!#XMR_%/3-;


MFZJP?#^58W


'AW]E_\`9Q\0;?`F@Z9XB\&Z3J&IZEX?^/7Q













MG7IY/X987$8'/
OA*CER_L[.\OPT





MM\.ZUXLT7P7\./&.NS:%+IVH:E#I'@7PWH_Q&\-:3%K

M::;IFMZ_XHT^/4DU;].OA/\`\$\?V&O@A9^$+?X;_LI_`_2M0\!ZM'K_`(2\
M7:UXT7QO\1]&UVVUV7Q+I^M0_%#QU;^)?B-/JVCZS*MUH&I7GBFYO/#T5KI
MMCHDUAI^E:;:VGV317U^4\\'9'KE?#63X6II_M'U*C7Q5E[)J/UO$1K8KDY

RRS('-_
M74ZW^KN35LOR)8CV688S#?65EWM_J5;ZC[3ZG3I4(%%%%?5GX`%%%%`!1110

MV)OB?_TR7U=E0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111


M6

]S#-
?C



M9=
\5^&/C#X:OM*L]/C_`&WP1Q?&-3.

MY?C
/053!4

M;A?Q$XHPW#7&F

'Q+FN;P6+P_#=&EP?+'






MHK9'F%&M_9F)P3IXK

HXJDL'_`!N_!S_@UN\?V7A!M/\`B%^T

_4SX:?\&[G_!/'P)KMWJ_BF'XX?&C3[G29]-A\



)O`FDQZ+X6\<Z+\-/B_$?3K-=E\,W
M$TWQ)NM+N?'NJZMJNA7-YIVOZ_K'B*_UWQ'%?ZD^O:EJ4^I7TMQ].T45^@83
M!8/`4O88'8;!4+\WL<)0I8:ES<L8<WLZ


7PXU+PGI_P;\
-I'B?2KCQ



/)9O&'P\^(:VMGJ5_P'K/4=6\0:5XIBL[C2
MHK_2M=.A:?XG`/ZM:**_C_\`^F/_!;O_@L-\+/VN?B%\*O^8/_``37US]J

\&S:'\.
S_P^CU_7[_P2=_Y19?\`!-/_`+,`_8W_
M`/6=?AS7\@7_``?.?\XNO^[V?_?1Z_K]_P"3O\`RBR_X)I_]F`?L;_^LZ_#
MF@#[_HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*XWP)_R!+[_L<OB+_Z
ML'Q/795QO@3_`)`E]_V.7Q%_]6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-\?\`
M($OO^QR^(O\`ZL'Q/795QO@3_D7W_8Y?$7_`-6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`N-^'7_`3[P)_V)OAC_P!
EC795QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ**
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`*XWX=?\D^\?]B;X8_]
EC795QOPZ_Y)]X$_PQ-\,?
M^F2QH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

ER3.N)

TQU6-.=65+!Y?@:-?%XFI&E3J590HT9R
M5.$YM*

^DZ5J6EW&FZ/?_



!,%ERIOW_M'



M6=C9P375U-%!$[K^8O[0G_!9_P#X)X_L]6=RMU\=M)^
GB9-)TK6M.\'?L]K


%E\4/

=6%Z6.HRA251

HX_A;
J.)Q\L+%X%8+%YMA?C;]H3_@YJUV6\N=+_

7A.TFOO''B_4-1\6^
7T:?4;O5?$EU;32_RD_\%%_^


OQ__`
$L?V9OA;^T
M%^T%\5/AYXDO_B=^U3X4_9S3PK\-H]:N_#7AK0O&/PQ^(WCK3OB5K/C_`
;6


M5J7P%_9[M?\`A#;+0?A_\3_AE\.](\37?Q8^$_PFTSX6?$S6/#4U[JOC+Q!X














E]795QOQ%_Y)]X[_`.Q-\3_^F2^K
MLJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

:#=7.GWS
M^%]#2S&KZ;XNMM1T7_8<K^8C_@[%_9@^`/Q&_P"2WQ^_:2\9?SPIK'QY_9


MFF+]IU;P9K^N6FA:UHFJ75CKFG_4M?YN/P[^
_[:W_!J=_P44\$_LF?%+XE7

_9
M0^

MRM'+8VY_MH_:E_:=^#W[''P&^(G[1OQV\2IX9^''PWT5]3U*6*



M$7P_\2OVB/\`@JI^V;X3?0?VZ/V]-7?6H_`.J3G4+S]EC]FM&TM/A9^SW#=2

MEOXZ^*?V5?AE/\8?VD--^'.OQ?!/X?0:OX2T--8^(VIVXTGPS?:AJ'CG7/#?

M[A)[::&^M]3TS3OT$K^+?_@A5^Q_J?\`P3S_`.]7_!73]CSX4W6H7?[+WA?
MX,_#/QWHJ7FI7EY)HLWC[5_`OQ#^GA:_:XGNIM2U#PCX.^(GQ2\'C7-6F&K
MZG#X;?57#C5YG']I%`!1110`4444`?('Q2\:_M]:1X[UW3_@I^S3^R!\0/AE

M3-



*\L$=

?\`IDL:`#[=\0?^A8\&_P#A=ZW_
M`/.ZH^W?$'_H6/!O_A=ZW_\`.ZKLJ*`.-^W?$'_H6/!O_A=ZW_\`.ZH^W?$'

M%WK?_P`[JNRHH`XW[=\0?^A8\&_^%WK?_P`[JC[=\0?^A8\&_P#A=ZW_`/.Z


M_P#A=ZW_`/.ZH^W?$'_H6/!O_A=ZW_\`.ZKLJ*`.-^W?$'_H6/!O_A=ZW_\`

M?^A8\&_^%WK?_P`[JNRHH`XW[=\0?^A8\&_^%WK?_P`[JC[=\0?^A8\&_P#A


M\0?^A8\&_P#A=ZW_`/.ZH^W?$'_H6/!O_A=ZW_\`.ZKLJ*`.-^W?$'_H6/!O

M\[JC[=\0?^A8\&_^%WK?_P`[JNRHH`XW[=\0?^A8\&_^%WK?_P`[JN3\!7GC

L]K%XO([::2,*\L$=W=)




MYWQ7PUPY!RSS/
#?\`PN];_P#G=4?;OB#_
M`-QX-_\+O6__G=5_'K\2_\`@X)_;E_:1UVT^%O[&?[/ND_#CQ-XITF'2+'
MPOHFM?M*_'37=`O+_Q3XBU+P9:OX8TKP?<Z3<^#]*:RU31=5^#7BR\TC2;;

MPO\`$OPCJ






M6OCO_P`%_P#_`(*$7D






M:TG3=`\.^'=`\4W^CZ%H&A:/9PZ=I&BZ+I&G?#.VT_2M)TK3[:WL=-TVQMX+


M5

M_37XL\=:QX\*^)O'7CI?A;X+\$^_#^L^+/&/C'Q9\5+KPYX5\)^%?#FG7.

%M!+*O\`)K_P
M49_X/`/V7_V;+CQ?\*_V
_`V@?M@_&+38=?T./XF:5XOU_3OV8?!GBNS?QQX



OA)-1\/^$OCA\1['

$X_P!B[^SO&OQ]TO\`X;W^-MK]K_XGWQT\):78






MMWQ!_PA8\&_^%WK?_SNJ[*B@#C?MWQ!_PA8\&_^%WK?_SNJ/MWQ!_Z%CP;

[JC[=\0?\`H6/!O_A=ZW_\[JNRHH`XW[=\0?\`

MM_\`SNJ/MWQ!_PA8\&_^%WK?_SNJ[*B@#C?MWQ!_PA8\&_^%WK?_SNJ/MW

[JC[=\0?\`H6/!O_A=ZW_\[JNRHH`X
MW[=\0?\`H6/!O_A=ZW_\[JC[=\0?^A8\&_\`A=ZW_P#.ZKLJ*`.-^W?$'_H6



MWK?_`


M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_PL

MHO\`W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_\&
?_`#E%_P[)O\`W[BO[_*`BBB@`HHHH`****`







M


MZ'XJ\5^#K'2+BR\:?$N#1O#


M
NEZ;^@M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'\`?_``?.?\XNO^[V?_?1Z_K]_P3O\`


M`E]_V.7Q%_\`5@^)Z[*N-\?\@2^_PQR^(O_JP?$]`'94444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

M)8T`=E1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

M/:[\*?&FG6
_AW5-8\12ZWX?NIM%T[\YSKQ:X#R6I##RSNEFN-J3]G2P.0PE

9.
U'^SO#/]GI]++Q-PE?-Z/A;F



LSQ2R;#GQP_P#
MFKX3V.A+;_LV?LY_$/Q/XFO])\2POJ_QPU7PWX$T+PIKOV.U3P?J2^'?`6M?
M$;4/B!I)U:]NO$NBGQ3\
[Q;/3;6QTO7VGUJ74=`^']-_:P_P]W_!1BSU



XX-R!7IX3A

)Q+C\OE##*V$SK/LUITE6Q%&BJ6&K3H/DO



M#_A%O&.E?\)YHO\`8GQJ^*WFW'P_^$G]B?$#P/\`\(5\1_WVWQA\=O`7_0

MOV3_`(D/P+\6Z78?`G1?/_X0?5O^*I_:7_LWQ5X2U'^T?7BK6;W1/\`A2OA
MSXW?8_&/@[5_`'Q'_P%:ZF_V^W_`)(?VCO^CO_``6\_P#D_Q5XO\`V8_V






MV8!^V1_ZSK\1J^_Z^`/^L7_`BR_PEG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_


M'Q/795QO@3_D7W_`&.7Q%_]6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/





[7[59Z
M7_PNJ'QAXT\=Z[Y&L:K]A\1W_P#P@WCGP%X?\)_VIX?;0_M7@JW_`.$T_L+6
Z9:QZ3<
M7T&K:=_.917\FU/%[Q'GBGB_]:<=;K*LJ5.E@XX6
E)2C!85X9X=T59)TIT

M5Q-3/EG4
WAF$U*52./P^


MT+3?BM\'?A?\


ME\;+H7B7PP-;T6#5(/%



?<3<#YS0PCK5HYUC\-A886?^8QHU:^79_CY8*.


7
MC

O+6U\.Z
M_P+=-`^)GB;6M)\3P?VEJ+0^
O#OPYUW1+./24O=%FU#4=1L=!\E_9[_X-

]SN
M%.4W.5%PKX4W3]G3J4L1A\%5@W6G)TZG)1I^I+*?V8O@G#%0S3//%_Z7W%





ZT)N:P^-Q];`Y5%M12E1P.'K5
1AI
MK][&]#

MQ6'IX=YOPSPCEO%
M/B!5IQG4E4HYGQ5G&7X3*
[P]5QP-1K-.$
3BEB
OHU/KCHM8:'X4_`__@WH

M=^%O@[\


MA.O!UKJ][\./^$QU.P_LF8`_7ZOQA_X*A_\`!=K]@S_@ESX5\;:/\0_B9X?^





RO@3

M;\2OM6F7_@/QKHG_``B=E^S[_P`(=XQT/5_#FN_\+7\)7GFW7]CGP!^`/P:_
M9:^#7P]_9\_9\^'OA_X5_!OX5^'X?#/@7P+X9AG33M(TY)[B^O+FYO+ZXO-7



M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#^`/

`_8W_]9U^'-?R!?\'S


M795QO@3_`)`E]_V.7Q%_]6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/O`G
M_8F^&/\`TR6-=E7&_#K_`))]X$_[$WPQ_PF2QH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_G\_
MX.1M?UW1_P!@GP/IVD:UJVE:?XK_`&G?A_H'BFQTW4KRQL_$NA6WP[^+OBFW
MT77[6UFB@UC28/$WAKP[XBATW44N;.+7=`T75TA74-*L;B#^&JOZXO\`@N]^



N/L17P&883
:%/+


\X*X3X*SWAO

MT\WQ/$V7YYFV&P&;9=5H8S+JE?@S(.*O:8FA7I5'0A5HPG&=6)^X'PN^`?P*
M^!W]N_\`E?@M\)?A!_PE']F?\)+_P`*N^'/@_X?_P#1?V+_:']C?V[_P`(



M1116IYX4444`%%%%`!117Q!^WE_P45_9'_X)N?!K6OC-^U7\6/#_`(+MH/#_





X]1U[3O#GQF_P

M(^P3_\`,^`-`M=(_MW6+#P
MYH/A/_A+O&NLXE\0?$#X@:GX?\+^'M/\1_$7QSJOB+QWXK_LBSNO$WB+5[V+
M[2??Z**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O_)/O'?_`&)OB?\`
M],E]795QOQ%_Y)]X[_[$WQ/_`.F2^KLJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O\`
MR3[QW_V)OB?_`-

MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`
M/^L7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_PLZ_$:OO\`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK

MW[BO[_*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`*XWX=?\`)/O`G_8F^&/_`$R6-=E7&_#K_DGW@3_L3?#'_IDL


M1]T#0M'LYM1U?6M:U?49K;3]*TG2M/MKB^U+4KZX@L[&S@FNKJ:*)W7^?S
8TZL95:.%R+@_%X
MK`8V688Z-.4,OPV=8C)\5CYRIO*,%F\Y1H3_`&__`&M?^#AO]E7X%Z[+X.^`
MOA;5OVJ_$VF:L]AXBUK0/$*_#WX3Z=%97GB32]7@T7XAZCX<\4:AXTU:TU#2
M-'N]-N_G@O4OAQXC\-^(H=<T+XEWD]D^DW'X@7_`
2_^N7_!;379_OAVT
MU:U^!CZM::3XBTCP;!J'PG_95\*2V=Y\-'U=?&_B+4;_`%+4/B7JWA[4!X5^

M_AJWXF0?:/\`B:_%'P_8VOPLTWS?^$GL/^)%\%?MNN^'[S[9X?UW3;;4_P#A







MC]G_`

G24:O\CG_!
#_@B1\6



-@

M!WPRTC[?!_PDWC_7[72/[=UBP\.:]XL_X1'P5HV9?$'Q`^(&I^'_``OXAU#P

0#W^OD#]L7]OS]C;_`()_^!+/XB_M



5K!Y!^Q'_P`&L'_!
M1S_@H5X[L/VH_P#@JE\;/B!\#O#_`(Y_X0[7O$W_``M+Q1JGQJ_;B^*_ARPT
M?X9_V-8:[_PEFL:W9?!_[;\
KC6?`VF:M\8?$/B+XI_'Q;XT_PSXL_9HO/

?L&?\`!


MQ#X6^''ARYNI5/Z/T`?$'[!W_!.K]D?_`()N?!K1?@S^RI\)_#_@NV@\/^'M


M7U=E0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%



M'Q/0!V5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

*O$5WJUK\#'U:[U;P[J_C*?4/A/\`LJ^%);.\
M^)::0W@CP[IUAJ6H?$O5O#VH#Q5\

QJXGBGQ0K4LNXCS&G
M5C*K1PN1<'XO%8#&RS#'1IRAE^&SK$9/BL?.5-Y1@LWG*-?[4_MJ?\`!PK^



?5KO5O#NK^
I]0^$_[*OA26SO/B6FD-X(\.Z=8:EJ'Q+U;



MR3[P)_V)OAC_`-


O_'G@K6_^$LO?V??^$.\8Z'I'B/0O^%K




M7P5\-?\`A.O!UKI%E\1_^$QU.P_M:;]?J**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH



M*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&K[_`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_PLZ_$:@#_$&HHH
MH`_O\_X

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-\?\`($OO
M^QR^(O\`ZL'Q/795QO@3_D7W_8Y?$7_`-6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`N-^'7_`3[P)_V)OAC_P!




O%OA[X4S_8-0T7XG?'*3PSX6M/#NM
M:=\.5U+4_@)\M`L=#MKW_A+?!

MIU







MICN$)PGCZ&/_`!`_8[_X(+?L;_LV?8_$OQ8L?^&K?B9!]H_XFOQ1\/V-K\+-

MWV6']OZ**_6

:F*Q-1SQ.
K*+Y56

JHXB4:E;
M9!DF$AALDX=R^K5A&M/+LBR[+L`ZUZSP_M92FRBBBO;/R\****`BBB@#\@

+/








M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'&_$7_D
MGWCO_L3?$_\`Z9+ZNRKC?B+_`
D^\=_]B;XG_P#3)?5V5`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%9FMZWHWAK1M7\1^(]7TS0/#V@:9?ZWKNNZW?VNE:-HFC:5:RWVJ:OJ^J
M7TL%CINF:;8P3WE_?WD\-K9VL

M=K7V7X@_'[SO^$J_LW4O(U7P_P#!O1KF/^W/M/\`9?B33=;TK_A8^MI:^#K+

MR?#3XF_;M2^VZ[K']F6:?\(9\0-0_M#Q)XB\3:A_PF_AF*W_`+8\5^(/[
_X
M23XCZ%\1?[*L(]/TQ

OZ_?\`@D[_
M`,HLO^:?_9@'[&__K.OPYK^0+_@^<_YQ=?]WL_^^CU_7[_P2=_Y19?\$T_^


M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110






M]M+&#S+FYAB?^;K]L3_@Y!^%G@O[9X3_`&*_`?\`PN+Q`OV?_B[7Q1TWQ%X3

M^'[GRY_S%^&O[#'_``55_PO?BGPQ\7?VB?&7BWP]\*9_L&H:+\3OCA%)X9
&_[.GC*CPYA_$_Z4_&_#_P!%?PH7+6]MQW*G/Q'S
MVBJWU#(^`_;T
;@\PQ$85L
_
M\);X)DT3Q5IVN^%?W@;X6?$S4?#-Z-<^*
'BD374G](W[%?_!&?]C?]CC^P

D\L_K-117Z[DV19/P_@X8#)








G[:


M;RWT32H9DL8`#

M7Z[K=Q=:CK/BKPCKRZA??#CQ?J^J'0]-L9]3GL=-USP9?B75O$GBC4[KP'+X
MS\7:FVH^


M`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_P!F`?MD?^LZ_$:OO^O@#_@K%_RBR_X*

M
?\`SE%_[LF_]^XK^_R@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**

MG?\`E%E_P33_`.S`/V-__6=?AS7\@7_!\Y_SBZ_[O9_]]'K^OW_@D[_RBR_X

MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KC?AU_R3[P)_V)OAC_`-



'4K5Z]2%&C2A'64ZE6I*
M



^$O_!([_@I7

M'\2:2?[.E_'LT\7:6.Q
ME3)/#O)L7QKG
?=GB
/&5#(L$Y-QC5Q685/9PE1YU95'/#8.H[1ACU)I'^CW

*U;`9!PCA%B\10



6F:Y]KT/P=\/O





^Q]7%_5:







\+Z&OA/]G_`-@[_@RP^#7A/3M%
M\8_\%&OV@O$'Q8\;6OB#P]K
OP7_`&9M1G\%_!I-.\/^*M?GUCPGXQ^*/C'P

#]K#


M[SXF:I^U!^V3XD_X0SQ'H/@K3_!OB3Q_J=WX@^$OA_\`X2#X2^'[F7P5\2[7
MXK?'/_A`;&'P!HNK_?5=FN^'/W]_O[-'[*O[./[&_PLTGX*?LN?!?X?_`[


MG]JN-/EO;+3[FT_
#_B%Q_X(4?\`1C/_`)LS^V'_`/1!4`?Y`M%?Z_7_`!X
M_P#!C_HQG_S9G]L/_Z(*N:\%_\`!L#_`
$


MP;\._#FH^
?B!XM\



M+4]-TC4O!UA=WOC+QYI%UJ^C/XATV76_`'@:R\2^--$TR\T98;Z+6]6T*ST;




=3\0^+H?#

7M[#2-*U?5-#G_


MXNM]'\2:AKD&K^%K_2O^$0L='BCU[3/%.LQ:=^!W_$/_`/MD?]%+_9F_\++X
MI_\`SF:_K]HH`_COUK_@@I^V!H6C:MK=W\2/V;)+31M
O]5NH[;QA\3WN)+?
M3[66[F2!)?@[#&TS1PLL2R2Q(SE0\B*2PT_^(?\`_;(_Z*7^S-_X67Q3_P#G
M

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&K[_`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_V8


HL


NO-LKVY@E_S2?@+^VQ




\F.\-JW]B:5I
M?VVVLVU+[;=6Z7-=3-^W+^V[+I][IB?MG?M;6=IJ:@EP-*_:5^-6CW(?57

/P7$_22X9IXJI2P


#7SJA@

A;7

EC0!V5%%%`!117DWQJ^._P;_9S\W_Q+^.?Q)\)
M?_P3I_VJ+^VO%FK0:?_`&IJ-IH^JZ__`
(]X:TW






M7B=]


MA_Q9J7A/4_\`A6GAKP7_`


M/X2?1^RW&\'_`$#_``:R_@O&5
/4R_




#1:H8/#T*$8T




M%X2\6?`'7=(:SURZ\?\`V.O^#.W]LG]I'6+SXZ?\%-_VE/\`A17B#QK\0+?Q


M\/VU_P#\)%X*^%7_``K_`.%D-UXE\7?\(WX`\/V7BC6;&[`/X0_#G_!&3_@X


@\9V^A:G\*_@!X$^

M6-=E7&_#K_DGW@3_`+$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH

M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBN9\8^-?!OP[\.:CXQ^('BWPSX%\(Z/]C_`+7\



?P[_`+
LO@3X7\3?M%ZG=?8[K4;_`':O\(O!NEV$
M_P#;45Y9_P!K^


%


M***`BBB@`HHHH`XWXB_\D^\=_\`8F^)_P#TR7U=E7&_$7_DGWCO_L3?$_\`
MZ9+ZNRH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\
MHLO^EG_`&8!^V1_ZSK\1J`/\0:BBB@#^_S_`(,8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P
M!_\`!C'_`,Y1?^[)O_?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/











_:W_X*/^'/^#KC


_\%&OVI?@+
M\%/B_P/O@O_`,$X_P!@%M+\'_$;Q=\?&.J?#WXL?M;?'?Q+JNO:-I]C:?&

M_8X^+W[6WQ

M^V)^U+X`_:7_`&H?!5I\:O`6A_LZ_%[Q3\'O@W^S'X%^(NG_`/0_7P5X3^






MR-'O=/T*Z_MN]TRY\1:OY_\`\*Y_X*F_]'D?L`?^*T_VBO\`Z;%0!_(%_P`'

HLO^:?_9@'[&__K.OPYK^(+_@\I\.?M3^
M'_\`AW'_`,-+_&3]G_XM_:_^&OO^$*_X47^S3\1?V=_^$?\`L_\`PR]_PDG_
M``E/_?_`+6/[4'_``F']J^=H/\`8G]D_P##_\`/\`]FZO]O\`^$F_MNS_

\6C[#\0?\`H9_!O_A
M:W_\\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?\`H9_!O_A:W_\\6C[#\0?^AG\&_\`A:W_P#/%H`[
M*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O_`(0FM_\`SQ:/L/Q!_PAG\&_^$)K?_SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!
M_PAG\&_^$)K?_SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_P$)K?_`
\6@#\6?^#EOPEK/CS_`((I

M5K/]BTVUNKMXS'`]?P





Y7_@']IMX;\-^(/T/O$W

M

MGBT`=E17&_8?B#_T


_@W_PA-;_`/GBT?8?B#_T
M

_@W_P



_@W_P
MA-;_`/GBT?8?B#_T

M+1]A^(/_`$
_@W_PA-;_`/GBT`=E17&_8?B#_P!#/X-_\(36_P#YXM'V'X@_



_@W_PA-;_`/GBT?8?B#_T
_@W_P`(36__`)XM`'95^*W_``4_

CX;PV)RZOB\/@
M*E&KFN89AA
-+'4L)@

33KQJ+$JI4]O[1U)N7]M/\`P3`_X+JV?[5?Q'D^

MXAWVH++/X-OY=??0O'LM\O@RTM-!\9V?AFQ^(_[4_M%_M8_LY?LE^%K?QC^T


M;Z5O[
[Z+G!7$-?QTSOQ'S3P

M^.G'-YY'3XBG5DJ]/



MQ?ML_$'5OA1I^O:39:LGC/XQZK;^/_B/'H7BN+Q7XRT[PQX#^GAWQ!9P?#W
M2?#OB;4XX=9^%_BK5/@K9_#Z+Q==1^&_UWJ&D:OX8MOZ;OV2O\`@GK\%OV)


/&+-W




M+=X?\6:EX3U/_A6GAKP7_P`)3X=@T^V\9?\`1WMK]OD_0RN-^P_$'_H9_!O
M_A:W_\`/%H^P_$'_H9_!O\`X0FM_P#SQ:_8
KRG+
DP=/+\HP&$RW!4M88;
+_$/BSB
M#C3B;,+1Q.=\29IB\VQ[HPE.5'4:N+JU/JN7X7VDX8'+L*J.`P-%JA@\/0H




MW\8/B!\(?A__`





M/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O_A:W_\`/%H^P_$'_H9_!O\`X0FM_P#SQ:`.RHKC
M?L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6C[#\0?^AG\&_^$)K?_P`\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?^AG
M\&_^$)K?_P`\6C[#\0?^AG\&_P#A:W_`//%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O\`X0FM
M_P#SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:/L/Q

MRHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6C[#\0?^AG\&_^$)K?_P`\6@#LJ*XW[#\0
M?^AG\&_^$)K?_P`\6C[#\0?^AG\&_P#A:W_`//%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O\`
MX0FM_P#SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:
M/L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?^AG\&_P#A:W_`//%H^P_$'_H
M9_!O_A:W_\`/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O_A:W_\`/%H^P_$'_H9_!O\`X0FM
M_P#SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6C[#\0?^AG\&_^$)K?_P`\6@#L
MJ*XW[#\0?^AG\&_^$)K?_P`\6C[#\0?^AG\&_P#A:W_`//%H`[*BN-^P_$'
M_H9_!O\`X0FM_P#SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0
MFM__`#Q:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?^AG\&_P#A:W_`//%
MH^P_$'_H9_!O_A:W_\`/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O_A:W_\`/%H^P_$'_H9_


MP_$'_H9_!O\`X0FM_P#SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_X0FM__`#Q:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P
M;_X0FM__`#Q:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_`.$)K?\`\\6@#LJ*\4^('QM?A-HUMXC^*GQ
MK^GPT\/7NIPZ)9Z[\0+&/P;HUWK-S:WM];Z1;:IXC^*NFV

M4[W4MK87MPD30VL[Q_B;^T'_`
%X?A_X


M@+_P;^:'I=KI&N_M%_&*'Q'XAM]3L+^]\`?#K3-2B\!RVNFZS?23Z)JWC'4;





M`(0FM_\`SQ:/L/Q!_PAG\&_^$)K?_SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!_PAG\&_^$)K?_SQ
M:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_P$)K?_`,\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?^AG\&_\`A:W_P#/%H^P_$'_
M`*&?P;_X0FM__/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_`*&?P;_X0FM__/%H^P_$'_H9_!O_`(0F
MM_\`SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_P$)K?_`,\6C[#\0?\`H9_!O_A:W_\\6@#
MLJ*XW[#\0?\`H9_!O_A:W_\\6C[#\0?^AG\&_\`A:W_P#/%H`[*BN-^P_$

\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?
M^AG\&_\`A:W_P#/%H^P_$'_`*&?P;_X0FM__/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_`*&?P;_X
M0FM__/%H^P_$'_H9_!O_`(0FM_\`SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!_Z&?P;_P$)K?_`
\6
MC[#\0?\`H9_!O_A:W_\\6@#LJ*XW[#\0?\`H9_!O_A:W_\\6C[#\0?^AG\
M&_\`A:W_P#/%H`[*BN-^P_$'_H9_!O_`(0FM_\`SQ:/L/Q!_PAG\&_^$)K
M?_SQ:`.RHKC?L/Q!_PAG\&_^$)K?_SQ:/L/Q!_Z&?P;_P$)K?_`
\6@#LJ



7\A7_``5Z^`/_``4Y_9$_X(`?M+_LT?M#?%C]ES]JO]G;X8:#
M^S/X(\-?'FTF^*_PJ_:;L/`_AK]ISX6?@#3_$/PYN?#7Q%^'7Q#URO['1/
M#-YJ




M))*UK$-7

M6X\5G^WO^$8.FC_A':_L/^%&H_%C5?`'A^_^./A#X=^`_BG.NI#Q5X4^%'Q'
M\2_%KP!I;PZQJ$&CMX?^('B_X6?!7Q%KRZAH$6E:IJ2ZC\

MG+]@#]F+P;I5[XB^)?QR_:YOM3\!^&-
1KC4_$.J^%?`EU\/[;2]/LT!EN;R

MYXD\%?\`!)G_`()^ZUX8AC\1:+^P1=^!O@=XTU2S@D0V/@[Q;\+_``?\
K+Q
M659`EOH]QXV^&_@G0I4D99AJ'BG18TB91.T7]EW[-OQ-T?XU?L[_``&^
?AZ

M)O([76/#^M63Q:CH6NV&G:QIL]O?V-M/'^17[
_['?\`P5/_`&%?@!#^Q?\`

M@_5/`/QTOOAW;ZA)IGA#6(_BY\&]/O+'3]-LM1\/6NDQ0:39`'X7?\$^_AWJ




M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`_?\`X.6_%NL^`_\`@BE^V/XQ\/S^1J_AW4_V

M!%X9\3:#XQT'2_$_AC5+76=!UFU6[T[4;1F


&JZ;


M97BLSSC!T\=C\5P'Q!EU'$X6EQ)0R;!0Q%7

).G5HX[#XN%#$8#$4:^&QM*AB*%:E#U:OUZ_X(3?'WX:?LT?\`!0O4
M?B)\=OBUX?\`AC\*/%W[
'CSX+:-)KEKXFCTZY^+?CKXW?L\:YX9N?$6L:;!




N
)^'











MKS_XI?%CX6?`[P)KOQ2^-?Q+^'_P?^&7A?\`LS_A)OB+\4O&7ASX?^!/#O\`





M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KC?AU_R3[P)_P!B;X8_]
EC795QOPZ_Y)]X
M$_[$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`XWXB_\D^\=_\`8F^)_P#TR7U=
ME7&_$7_DGWCO_L3?$_\`Z9+ZNRH`****`BBB@`HHKQ_XP?M`_!'X`:
NN_&


_P\U/
MXS7PTS5(H/B+XOGU/X?^`[+6;G1M-N?#E_IGAB\TAO'GC+3+#5;W4+/Q7I&L
M0?JZ:30C;^'];O['6;?Q!8?G!_QMJ_X*JZ5_P`S-)\-:\3?]07X-?`:VTK

?V:
M+_7O#?BOXG?\)O\`$'P[LCO_`(;_``HTY_&WB.*_B\1W'AG5]#O]9BGL/A]X



#O^./_!0#]IGQ'IWBW]K;XN?\(7_`&?]L\*RZO\`$_XA:E\?

W7AFZ\3:S=V(TO4?BKX:O]+FE\1ZXNAS[K

M3^RM
\*_\(YHWP^M?LMWHWVRS\0?\(=)XR@_M76M._X29M$OO[+B_3*B@`HH

M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_*++
M_@I9_P!F`?MD?^LZ_$:OO^O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K.OQ&H`_Q!J**

?\`SE%_[LF_]^XK^_R@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@


MM1^&?Q
TZQANO$?P[\1W4




MFG6

M&\+^*/#WXV_#/]J+]I+_`()0_&[PO^RY^V5K.I_$_P#9)U+3(]!^WQCL]:


M%AL3'EQQ62RKTO[.S5H2AG.2ULNS5JG]4Q.*Q658C'9=C/D[_@G[_P7D\:

5QH_B75_CAX4UWPUXDD\-:W'^TMIG
MBS7)/$_C:Z\-Z-((/$?B_3--E^+ZWG@F[;Q7X8^+'CWQCJOB'3OZM?@S\9/A

M(/#?B#2+V&ZT;Q/X3\3:5H_BKPEXBT_5/#7BC1M(\0:5J6FVOP!^VU_P2[_9






M^AA
8YXR-MAZSRC*,)FN=RHXBA7IY9.A/VJ_H9_;/\`^AO[


$=0N_AYK

M!']JZMXCU'4?&

M^'%M\)OV?OAYI/PW\!6VK:KK[Z1IMSJVJWFI:[K4L;ZCK6O^(O$6HZQXF\2Z
MM+!!9:9#J7B#6-3O++0M*T7P]8S6VA:'I&G67YA]0\1_%/WLUJ8CP]X-G_S+

M
:9M&$L;
M'&?TI5LHQ?X4_L%_\`!O5\+/@SJ
'Q%_;-U?PE^T'XVMO[/N=`^%WAZ#Q%
M#\&_.L:/XIGU.'6=8U#4I-`U;XP_P!J:3IN@02^&O%GA'P[X$LX-3\8^'?$
MGA/XAVUUHNNZ9]#_`/!2#_@B?\&_VR=.T'QG\%)O7[.WQL\$^$K;PEIDVC^


?@KX)\3

?AKXC^&W


QV(Q..QE2OB\16K3****^B/QP**_G!_;I_X.E_\`@E1^Q_H_

ZGK'[1US9_\*2_
MX5__`&G_`
(_X3\;Z[\
?$WQ=\=^M8\026R_WQ!J?ACQ9I&B_RA?%+_@NS
M_P`%_O\`@LWK&N_!3]@3X/\`Q`^$/P__`.%@:9H6JQ?L/^#_`(@_\)WX8T?X

M%Y'B?X@?%.^T?6_^$KCTSQ=_PJ3X6Z!XV^)MM\/[F]\$^)]&_P%BWGA.W\
M0^(]

M\.O!/C?XV^%;KXK_`+1WB_QW\0]'\


M^6/_!/O_@G;_;]S^QU^R]\/_@_X@\4?VK!KOCWS_$_Q`^*=]H^M_P#*R:G

M.^)%IXT^7AWQGX?;^QY_PMW_@G[_P;'?\`!+G]B'PK#+XZ^#OA_P#;4^
F

M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_`3[P)_V)OAC_P!
EC79
M5QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***


:FE[X=\5:5;:I??V+XCTO5-


M()?M:_\`(Z?L=^-=:_Y__B7\$O[4U+_KG_PLGX?Z1_:WB3_KT^(OAWPIX2\
M?]%B\7:]?_ZN@#^F2BO#/CM^TO\``;]F7PY!XJ^.OQ/\
_#O3+[S?[(M=4GN


M'8ZWH/@[0M:3QIXKTSQ7HR:X]K%XAU3X5ZSX:DDT*^U'2-5F?5/#UF`?T5U^

M_1Z-\/K7[+=Z-]CO?#_`/PF,GC*#^U=%U'_`(1EM$OO[4B_&+X?_\`!6[_
M`(*@ZS?S^)[GQSX*^#OB_3-(U-8O&4WB/X+?LVGPCJEUK?Q\!'1?-K92WW

MG[2/C3Q-\8O%T6^[UOP=X5O[GP+\*A]O\.6]G+H
EU81P_$GQ#_PCWB.;4M4


MMW[-=^

_A_Q;#XS



M0UN\U3]#***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`XWXB_\D^\=_\`8F^)_P#TR7U=E7&_$7_DGWCO_L3?$_\`Z9+Z
MNRH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\HLO^
MEG_`&8!^V1_ZSK\1J`/\0:BBB@#^_S_`(
8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_\`
M!C'_`
Y1?^[)O_?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/X`_^#YS_`)Q=?]WL_P#OH]?U^_\`




-0T+Q-X5\3:%J!5T87VD:UI-\



DXRC)*
M491DK.

Y4ZM&K3DITZM*I!QG
M3J4YQ4X3A)2A)*46FDSE_P!O3_@W6\+:MIT_Q`_8#O/^$6\06O\`:%WK7P&^
M(GC+4;_PMJVG:=X6A&FV/PI\;:_;:MX@TGQ;JWB#29$N-+^*7BO4?VK:CXQ
MDO1XY^&WA_PM#I&K?GM^PK_P5W_:C_X)PZ[IW[,O[57@#XA^+_@K\/OWP]^
M'_A[X

-`T_X:?%?]G+PUIUX-8LKOP=%KWA+2O$_B329?ASXFMK/P_\+_B1
MK%MH

U_P`/:_IE




M?#2E+$Q_TN\
/I[Y7QCPOEW@W].#@:I](;POP]1QRCC:OB:B\7^!:]6E6A+-














?#OB3PG\0[:ZT77=

M&4IU)\CC%5<-B<7&%5.I@
';ZU2_P!0











M)\57_A70;[P+K/A_X?:IX9?XR?%3P_HWB35M;TOXC^&?$]G^SCJ+S^#VL?!7
MBS6=(\56/C71OPA\(^`/^#CG_@Y+UCQ%XCU#QK\0/?[(OQ\^SN;WQ=XC\4
M?LW?\$^[;PYH7COXB^-??ASP[X`\,V6IWO[1O\`P@OQ-\%77@#QKI7@K]H


MU]#X9O/`NO\`ACXR?$/Q!X5\2:7XST?1OB%X@\8^/OBWP7XGMI=6^`/AKQ

M;V]N9Y?0**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`/AK_@HO\`M3_\



M9;_G+_@C?^USJ/[2W[






M4K66SN)=(\1^'+_2O$.@:G'#
[V&MZ%JFFZSI5TL5]I=_9WT$%Q&`?T[T5_
MW_P[3_X+(?\`1_W_`)M5^U-_\P='_#M/_@LA_P!'_?\`FU7[4W_S!T`?TR45
M_

M%_K?CGQ[XI^&GB%]3MH;631HM(DT;4K73]&TG2#:ZW

M:^__`([J`/Z/O&/C7P;\._#FH^
?B!XM\


M(?\`_8W_`.BE_M
_^%E\+/\`YS-`'Z9?\-J?L;_]':?LS?\`A^/A9_\`-57A


M`/12_P!IG_PLOA9_\YFO8/A__P`$2OV`_!NC7.E^(_`OCGXLWT^IS7\7B/X@

M[``[G_A\1_P3D_Z.*_\`



M[)WP'^//A[X%?LQ_#/\`X0?4_`?AE-4^+VK_`/9_$GQ+_:/B/QK;:3K?A?P
MK]@^(.H:Q;V?_




*O$WBBXTS3/GB;5M3TYN]#\3-'\4_PT9M:DUG7]


_9OB/X:T*/_`(3/1_\`
MB7^'KF[F_P$L^'V@V^M?VAX@\2:=H6@_P#L?[-TJQN-;\:/YW]6%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!

M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`







M.;P=X=LM-U#X::MXAU`^%;/7_%_@YM7T*RTS1]2UM_A/XE\9Z]J^N7W[E?#/


/C'XFUOQA\






MKUA8_M


P\
M:S\0LMJNCX/^*&?5?;RK?ZP8/&8BG1R3

QS'$3Q-7&YGBHY]*%6E3Q'%_%E



&?C)\








MX/%4Z-10H\M2GC

MQOC@.,.),+;JPRWA7A3
:N&Q]+&9YAJ&(AD6-S'5,1F,JNQG#G#O%U+$



M$7BG3M-\0Z;XB\0RZ_I7C#2?!']JZMXCU'4?&
_Q$?4?BG%K_AO6/#.O_#K1
M;G7X?&.D_P!#/[!?_!*']F']@W3H-:\

M=13PM/X:UJQ^%-K#8/\`\*L\):S_`&KXHFN-+TO4M5\4ZEIWB.30/&?CGQII

M%*-:%#DY_9VQ.



MGP_^!WA_5_M'_,Z?XBO+[5_'?CC[!K'AC0M9_X5U\+?=AX@^)OQ(_X1J]\

MT_KW[)_Q6^


8:`BBB@`K
M^_S_`(,8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7\`=?W^?\`!C'_`,Y1?^[)O_?N*`/[_****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHKQ_P
M'[0/P1^`&C+KOQI^*O@;X:V




%
/6_@;X?_P#!$+]L3X^:S<_$;]J[XX:9X\0^(]
FEU2\\1:OJ_Q

MO\3_`(86LO@/0M&A\Z++X&\$_#'1]4L;G3/5CX=\/Z=XRUO^R;&1M9\2:!
MJ6O7^J^(?%5U?7/WS_P[3_X+(?\`1_W_`)M5^U-_\P=?B/\`L4?M-ZS^R-^T

M%AKNJQZ!;^/-`\*:QJD4T.E!*_T=$UO1O$NC:1XC\.:OIFO^'M?TRPUO0M
M=T2_M=5T;6]&U6UBOM+U?2-4L99['4M







M9\._#

M]MI?B/3]2L8-3@L=2U&SAOXH$NHK6_O;=)5ANITD\?\`^&*_V-_^C2_V9O\`

M\

M]IKX#?##XZ^%8/L.F?$3PS!JEUI'FW]S_P`(]XCL;FYT3QCX5^WZCH^@7&K?
M\(IXNTS7/#?]N1Z18V&N_P!E_P!L:7&^F7UG+)S/_#%?[&__`$:7^S-_X8?X



MHO\`W9-_[]Q7]_E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!_`'_P?.?\`.+K_`+O9_P#?1Z_K]_X)._\`




M%_Y@.JZ#_P`6;_I1^&?Q
\!_&/P'X7^)WPQ\4:9XR\!^
M
CU?PYXCTB21K6
M^M6DEMYXI8+B*^TW4]-OH+K2];T35+6RUG0=9LK_1=:L+#5;\LX#XF?#/P
M'\8_`?BCX8_$[POIGC+P'XRTR32/$?AS5XY&M;ZU:2*X@EBGMY8+[3=3TV^@
MM=4T36]+NK+6=!UFRL-:T6_L-5L+.\@_FN_XOS_P0Y^//_
S?&7]@7XR^)O^



MQ[XBT_5OA;\?+[2;6PM_C1X!E5;S59=#T+6=)\+0?$3P9?.WAGQWI.FSW^D/



^!\UQT
35RBI@
(Y1R[*JKGE6&E2H_P!F




*N6?V?4J58T<OXNRRE.KD&9)MQYJ[C&/U6JN3VLW$
M)QI5(RQ679?3@JE;];XN^A)X7?2`X<Q?BI]`3CG_`%OPFR^KF7%_P!'CCG





10Q5&GB

ME+2I1KTJ=2#TE%
****U//BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*XWP)_R!+[_



M:'5]6^-XNX]X9X)PWM\\QRCB)T_:X;*\+R5\TQD7-P4L/A74II4W*
X_6
14
MH892A*+K*:Y3^D_H[?1

M4\3*EFV?0PF

_MG_\`!0W]F']A
M+PLNM?&OQG]L\6WG]ARZ!\&_`T^@:[\9/$VG:[J.I:?#XATOP7J6OZ%]C\)6



/\`@@?^T;^T
M?XI;XR_MV^(/%OPE\$^



:XS'X^K7Q=4HHKP#]I?]JK]G']C?X6:M\:_VH_C
M1\/_`('?#+2/M\'_``DWC_7[72/[=UBP\.:]XL_X1'P5HV9?$'Q`^(&I^'_



=9\1^
=-\
MV-Z`?VN_MK?\'-'_``2/_8N_L#3_`/A??_#67BW7_PRKS_A$?V*9O!'QW_L





MMWOQ%^

MP?K?]CO[!W_!$?\`X)H_\$X]1T7QC^S=^S;X?3XR:3X?\/:-+\?_`(G:EJWQ
M4^

M]HK_`.=S7]OO_!FM^R=^U/\`LO\`_#QS_AI?]FG]H#]G?_A./^&0?^$*_P%
MZ?!OXB_3_A

MDOB/P7LAU3P=K%EX5&H:9X%\37&IRIHFGVOQ)U?P783ZJE]%/J-M;Z-KESI@
M!]RT5_


N+V6YFTC2GLP#^=3_AH#_@LY_P
M4!_XF7PDTSXF^$?A]J'_`!5OA^;X.V47P!^'#?\`+_\4/JMIX=^-?B;6MU



MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@#C?B+_R3[QW_`-B;XG_]
E]795QOQ%_Y)]X[_PQ-\3_`/IDOJ[*
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_`BR_P"EG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\`*++_
M`(*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:@#_$&HHHH`_O\`/^#&/_G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_P#!
MC'_SE%_[LF_]^XK^_P`H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B


O`?C+3)-(\1^'-7CD:UOK

M^+\_\$.?CS_S
WQE_8%^

M&Z+_`



MAGX#^
?@/Q1\


MU/QQ^R#XXU/3=




MWA4CRSIRM*$HR2:^HX-XVXN\/.)

?AJD


M\
L7_:61U)U


E
MPV%G@YY?#&0G6KU*.7X[A^C1S;-99-E7A]4A7SK&?T'^$_%GA7Q[X5\
^.O`

MA5XM\



M`HHHH`****`BBB@`KC?`G_($OO^QR^(O_JP?$]=E7&^!/\`D7W_8Y?$7_U



XXKXFSG$0P
RP]+F4\3BZ[I8345.OBJU&A=2/W!7X)_MZ

'H/$4/P;\(ZQH_BF?4X=9U




MA:+X6\+:+I/AKPSX:TG3=`\.^'=`TVST?0M`T+1[.'3M(T71=(TZ&VT_2M)T
MK3[:WL=-TVQMX+.QLX(;6UAB@B1%UJ^KX1\+

M?9M)UJD




M\)A]OTWX6WEG\
]4_:@_;)\2?\(9XCU[QKJ'C+PYX`TRT\0?7P__P`)!\)?
M#]M%XU^&EU\*?CG_`,(#8P^/]:TCXL:KLT+Q'X6\`_9H_P#6#_@KA_P40\1







^)]3=XM/\`

MW7^3OQC_`
%CO^@'[3/B/4?7[)/PC_`.$+_L_['XJBTCX8?#W4OC]\5;/P


M-?##6]
LU:STW4HO#GCG6=9L=9OTTZ?2%FT[73I'Y3_&#_@O/\;OB-K*^`OV



M/P?_`.#?GX(^%]9;5/C3\;/'/Q;L;34]`O\`2_#GA3PYI_PFT:\M=/NKFXUW

MR;^S;^S9:V\'P1^#/@;P#?0:9J6B/XGL-)74O'FH:-JVLIX@OM(UOXBZ[)JO
MCS7]

M!1110`5QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&NRKC?AU_R3[P)_V)OAC_`-
EC0!V5%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

M`-
E]794`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%

M_P`D^\=_]B;XG_\`3)?5V5`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5\`?\%8O^467_!2S_LP#]LC_P!9
MU^(U??\`7P!_P5B_Y19?\%+/^S`/VR/_`%G7XC4`?X@U%%%`']_G_!C'_P`Y
M1?\`NR;_`-^XK^_ROX`_^#&/_G*+_P!V3?\`OW%?W^4`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'\`?_!\
U_3+_1-=T+6[UU71M;T;5;66QU32-7TN^BGL=2T

MPKK.HGP)X[&NC798OC&`?T[T5X9^SG^T9\*OVI_A5H/Q@^#^O?VSX9UG?9W]

']8TR\O=U76O#U]-<Z%

?#OASC2

L+.#YZ/
M-5A98FE1JKVE.CB%-4G*I+#2P]2K.H_ZO^C;]
KQG^C+B
(/BS\+M%\/\`A;P=X0_:$TB&Z\1_
M';0+YO':Z7)JWQ[DUOQ%!'\7?!GASX=Z_;3ZC\0/#UJOQV@L?A/+=^(O#_[3



LI5*F+P7/4]G.=X9OFE:4Z



M_P#18HK\)O\`@F]_P7)^!7[7-KX2^$G[0$_A_P#9[_:C;P_X6M-135]0L?#W
MP)^
OCO7_':_#C3]$^`GBGQ'XDO=7A\9^*-7U7P#JFG?`SQS+'X[2^^(\7@O










QJX;'TL9GF&H8B&18W

M`-O3_@XI\4ZMJ






M-.N=8\0^)O$WB'6+FSTC0?#^A:19WFJ:SK.J7EKIVEZ=:W-]?7
%M!+*OD9=

M3C
PA)*G^A\9?3J\./`;AS


\`:G\


(
M1C&*5DDC_+[.\\SKB7-\RX@XCS?-
_S[.
97S'-\[SO

7FN;YKF&*FZN)QV


[KP\WAGX8:/
VKZ7X?\6:O



M.^T?6_\`A%9-3\(_\+;^*6O^-OB;;?#^YO?!/AC6?^%=6?BRW\0^(],_P$




M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/O`G_`&)OAC_TR6-=E7&_#K_D

MY8O^&@/^SG_``4!_P)E\)-
^)OA'X?:A_Q5OA^;X.V47P!^'#?\(O_`
4/
MJMIX=^-?B;6MUOQ9YVMW.I7.K^KWXM^*/-UV+5+VVT&T\(V\7AWW/X=?\
M$?C)XQ\9:QXJ_:@_:.\
K_:7B;3_$&MW7PZ3Q3\1_&7C_\`M75;[4?'MQK'







M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'&_$7_`))]

MG_V8!^QO_PLZ_#FOY`O^#YS_G%U_P!WL_\`OH]?U^_\$G?^467_``33_PS



M:WHVJVLMCJFD:OI=]%/8ZEIFI6
\]G?V%Y!-:WEK-+;W$4D
CHVG10!_

M?@=\;O\`@CC\;KC]J7]EJWU/QQ^R#XXU/3=

M?%VHNFI7T&F07VI7$/P8^


Z
)B\7@
7AL?@
3B
%CL%B

PE:IAL7A




MBN^\(P^'M=U^^UA_Q;-O_,,BQ\^(?[-/\`5_






MXZ4_X



CW&J?%+PIJ/BG5M.\8R60\


MC./UC$5*&&4H2BZRFN4_I/Z.WT3/&_Z4&=_V9X6\*5*V3X?&/`YUQUGGUK*^


_MG_`/!0
MW]F']A+PLNM?&OQG]L\6WG]ARZ!\&_`T^@:[\9/$VG:[J.I:?#XATOP7J6OZ


M?^T;^T?XI;XR_MV^(/%OPE\$^





MB_XO6WPYU'Q;X5_X17Q;J-W)X^(OP2\!?`;6/`MU\0](TW4_$7B3Q;I7A/Q
M7#[_`/L=?\&=O[9/[2.L7GQT_P"F_[2G_BO$'C7X@6_C7QY\/?#M[8_M&_













'-/^$VC7EKI]U<W&NZ)XOG?6_B#XAU;3/$4/VQ$OA




MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`XWXB_P#)/O'?_8F^)_\`TR7U
M=E7&_$7_`))]X[_[$WQ/_PF2^KLJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O_`3[
MQW_V)OB?_P!,E]795QOQ%_Y)]X[_`.Q-\3_^F2^KLJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_P
ML7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_ZSK\1J^_Z^`/\`@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:@#_
M`!!J***`/[_/^#&/_G*+_P!V3?\`OW%?W^5_`'_P8Q_\Y1?^[)O_`'[BO[_*
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`

M#F@#[_HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*XWP)_P`@2^_['+XB




;:RM;#Q)86MY#-9Z-XFT;Q1X7\/
D^(M:U'XL)4^''Q3




X:XJP.%


M@H3_`


RWVAWG
M\;O_``4-_P'GQ\_8Y_M#XV?L^Z]XM^


=/^-GPGM]%U+PIK/A3Q/X\U3PO\*-


MQB\(_EW\'?\`@OS_`
D2:CIINOT7+?$C@
MO-,BK<14,]PE'+L)F\=];;P^+P%2IR1C0Q.$DG7]K*I-4:7L85J6)J76$J8
MB+4G_&/&WT*_I



M/_HX^.G#'BI2\$\Y\+^+*'BEB*F'C@^$
-@%FF
SABZDJ5#,LLQF55,;E69
MY'.I3K*6?Y?C\3DE-8?%2JYA.$Q


MX*^&_B%?-@TSQCH_B7Q]\._$FDZ;8ZM_-3_P4;_X+H_M`?M)66OVU]XX?]EC
M]FR^TF'1[CX3^%/&`:\\5

M+[P7-\9#\

M/_!J#_P52_;EE\'_`!K_`&S_`(I:3^RUX9\5Z3X?TR\O/CQJ_BOXT?M66WP_
M\.?#PW:_.YC^$=KJ-MI^E:3I6GVWA/X2)\./BM\:OA1\1_A-HOA+6-
U#X
M=6$'A3PUX:\1?VI_L+?\&[G_``2H_8$UCP9X]^''[/O_``MOXV^!_-GT;X[_

?A



MJSR2MCUB
QQ?\
5MX9_X.2O^#BZ?6?&
5S\8+C]D[XD^(/#/AF^L[GQ8/V8_




M`





M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/O`G_8F^&/\`TR6-=E7&_#K_`))]X$_[


MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/\`@K%_
MRBR_X*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:OO^O@#_`(*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&H`_P`0
M:BBB@#^_S_@QC_YRB_\`=DW_`+]Q7]_E?P!_\&
?_.47_NR;_P!^XK^_R@`H
MHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBOXU_^#E+_@HW\;?A_P#M@_L$?\$O_AA\

WPBA\+Z'XOTM;;6?



QQZ


G_`(*._P#!JE_PP3\*?A1XIT#]O'_A

?
M##]G;P+\*O#'QYU_X(?`GP5KVMZ3\

^
O'.E2-\6_'W@



M``?.?\XNO^[V?_?1Z_K]_P3O\`RBR_X)I_]F`?L;_^LZ_#FOY`O^#YS_G%

`_8W_P#6=?AS0!]_T444`%%%%`!1110`

MR^(O_JP?$]`'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110

Z-97OPA_5G]B

M36&GZ9XZ\


@F^)'PWAGD6UO;59(+(_$#X?B]GGOM2\#:E?3V\%

)^+/&7Z/T`%%%%`!1110`4444`?S._\%^_

(-%\


IO&&FW'AWQ)K4K2)XZ\0Z[HVCZ)%H7\

R.A

6?]2_['GB[C?C
M+Z

M]JCQ5XP^!G_!/G]E?Q!\;OB#\*?!GA+Q5XKN+JX\'?#/X




MJ6*6$J0J5







8I622/^17.\\SKB7-\RX@XCS?-

MG4G*3;BBBMSRPHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BO#
M/CM^TO\``;]F7PY!XJ^.OQ/\

%_+K5=


?B!XM\
M





S2?`C6O$W_4%^#7P&MM*U[QE_P!PO6_C7X9^


M&WT./5/!6GV\.KZ=JW[XT4`?%O[4WB/6?V6/V2O&MM^RM\&=3N?&D&F7GA3X

M
?\`IDL:`/X`O^&*_P!LC_HTO]IG_P`

MX:?'KX7_`!-^&?Q!^!GV3X=6/_Q?AYXI\_\)9\.+&S3_A76L:/_;'@GPGH
MES_8.B0O\/\`4-/TJ_\`$FNP_P#&V/BOQ=?0W?C?3_M/Z944`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`5QOPZ_Y)]X$_PQ-\

M=-\)?%3P3J-['K%]\


OV/HQK5O\7/!?[/_`









-3UC5?@K\)/B[\.KGX-G4


MHOVGXXO!'P@\
ZW;+N!U;PO\


M^)=/T2^\3^'O%6BV\?B70CJ'AC6'N=#NIVT+6=333IM.U)K34K/^%K]KG_@S
MT^/7[-MA_P`-!_\`!



O_``!^'W_S5V5%`'&
M_P#
:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$H_X1C6_^BB^
O\`P!^'W_S5V5%`'&_\(QK
M?_11?&7_`(`_#[_YA*/^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE=E10!QO_
:W_T47QE_

MRQNO!=S()

:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_`
`?A]_\
MPE'_``C&M_\`11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE'_
M,:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$KLJ*`.-_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#
)1_PC&M_
M]%%\9?\`@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE'_,:W_T47QE_
MX`_#[_YA*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_`,`?A]_\PE'_``C&M_\`11?&7_@#\/O_
M`)A*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE'_
:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$KLJ
M*`.-_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#,)1_PC&M_]%%\9?\`@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_
MX1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE'_


MI^#?VB/!NIS^



M_1^@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE'_,:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$KLJ*`.-
M_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#



M$60T7C
SRO#3P6


+.%L=P_3XMP7$O#^


GT?[)/+HD-U=7FGZYI?\`69_P
C]JO]-_P^\6<ERCZ/O@]G



M+_P!^'W_`
PE=E17]
'^'QQO_,:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*/\`A&-;_PBB^
O
M_`'X??\`S5V5%`'&_\`
:W_P!%%\9?^`/P^_\`F$H_X1C6_P#HHOC+_P``
M?A]_\PE=E10!QO\`PC&M_P#11?&7_@#\/O\`YA*/^$8UO_HHOC+_`
`?A]_\
MPE=E10!QO_,:W_T47QE_P`/P^_^82C_A&-;_Z*+XR_\`?A]_\`

M;_PC&M_]%%\9?^`/P^_^82C_`(1C6_\`HHOC+_P!^'W_`
PE=E10!QO_``C&
MM_\`11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*/^$8UO\`Z*+XR_\``'X??_

(QK?\`
MT47QE_X`_#[_`.82C_A&-;_Z*+XR_P#`'X??_


MG:PRW%Q+'#&[J`8'_,:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*/\`A&-;_PBB^
O_`'X??\`



]K8?9?[.?_``;_`'AS
M1K_0?$G[47Q=_P$Q^R[[K5_A;\*+._T;PY=7]EXCMY[SO_`(G:W]E\3:SX
M9UGPS:SVGB'3M&\$^`/$=K?ZRRZ%XQM?[#BU+6?WR^$GP9^%7P'\&V7P_P#@
M[X!\
_#OPC8_9I/[(\


M&@V


M+&@`_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#,)1_PC&M_]%%\9?\`@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_
MX1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE'_
:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HH
MOC+_`
`?A]_\PE'_``C&M_\`11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_P
M!^'W_P`PE'_,:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$KLJ*`.-_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]
M_P#
)1_PC&M_]%%\9?\`@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE'
M_,:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_`,`?A]_\PE'_``C&M_\`
M11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*[*B@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE'_
:W_`-%%\9?^
M`/P^_P#F$KLJ*`.-_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#,)1_PC&M_]%%\9?\`@#\/
MO_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE'_
:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*[*B
M@#C?^$8UO_HHOC+_`
`?A]_\PE'_``C&M_\`11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*[*B@#C?^
M$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE'_,:W_`-%%\9?^`/P^_P#F$KLJ*`.-_P$8UO_
M`**+XR_\`?A]_P#
)1_PC&M_]%%\9?\`@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_P#HHOC+


M$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE=E10!QO_,:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*/\`A&-;_PB
MB^
O_`'X??\`S5V5%`'&_\`
:W_P!%%\9?^`/P^_\`F$H_X1C6_P#HHOC+
M_P``?A]_\PE=E10!QO\`PC&M_P#11?&7_@#\/O\`YA*/^$8UO_HHOC+_`
`?
MA]_\PE=E10!QO_,:W_T47QE_P`/P^_^82C_A&-;_Z*+XR_\`?A]_\`
)79

PE=E10!QO_
M``C&M_\`11?&7_@#\/O_`)A*/^$8UO\`Z*+XR_\``'X??_

(Q
MK?\`T47QE_X`_#[_`.82C_A&-;_Z*+XR_P#`'X??_

M9?\`@#\/O_F$H_X1C6_^BB^
O_`'X??_`#5V5%`'&_\(QK?_11?&7_@#\/O
M_F$H_P$8UO_`**+XR_\`?A]_P#

MC+_P!^'W_P`PE=E10!QO_,:W_T47QE_X`_#[_YA*/\`A&-;_PBB^
O_`'X

O_`'X??\`S4?$7_D
MGWCO_L3?$_\`Z9+ZNRH`XW_A&-;_`.BB^,O_``!^'W_S4?\(QK?_11?&7_@
M#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
O\`P!^'W_S4?\`
:W_P!%%\9?^`/P^_\`
MF$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
O_`'X??_`#4?\(QK?\`T47QE_X`_#[_`.82NRHH
M`XW_`(1C6_\`HHOC+_P!^'W_`,PE'_
:W_T47QE_P`/P^_^82NRHH`XW_A
M&-;_`.BB^,O_``!^'W_S4?\(QK?_11?&7_@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
M
O\`P!^'W_S4?\`
:W_P!%%\9?^`/P^_\`F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
O_`'
MX??_`#4?\(QK?\`T47QE_X`_#[_`.82NRHH`XW_`(1C6_\`HHOC+_P!^'W_
M`,PE'_
:W_T47QE_P`/P^_^82NRHH`XW_A&-;_`.BB^,O_``!^'W_S4?\
M(QK?_11?&7_@#\/O_F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
O\`P!^'W_S4?\`
:W_P!%
M%\9?^`/P^_\`F$KLJ*`.-_X1C6_^BB^
O_`'X??_`#4?\(QK?\`T47QE_X`
M_#[_`.82NRHH`XW_`(1C6_\`HHOC+_P!^'W_`,PE'_
:W_T47QE_P`/P^_
M^82NRHH`XW_A&-;_`.BB^,O_``!^'W_S4?\(QK?_11?&7_@#\/O_F$KLJ*`
M.-_X1C6_^BB^
O\`P!^'W_S4?\`
:W_P!%%\9?^`/P^_\`F$KLJ*`.-_X1
MC6_^BB^

89
MX9`LB]9_PC&M_P#11?&7_@#\/O\`YA*/B+_R3[QW_P!B;XG_`/3)?5V5`'&_
M\(QK?_11?&7_`(`_#[_YA*/^$8UO_HHOC+_P!^'W_P`PE=E10!QO_,:W_T4
M7QE_X`_#[_YA*/\`A&-;_PBB^
O_`'X??\`S5V5%`'&_\`
:W_P!%%\9?
M^`/P^_\`F$H_X1C6_P#HHOC+_P``?A]_\PE=E10!QO\`PC&M_P#11?&7_@#\
M/O\`YA*/^$8UO_HHOC+_`
`?A]_\PE=E10!QO_,:W_T47QE_P`/P^_^82C
M_A&-;_Z*+XR_\`?A]_\`

MHHOC+_P!^'W_`
PE=E10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?
M`'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_\`6=?B-7W_`%\`?\%8O^467_!2S_LP#]LC_P!9
MU^(U`'^(-1110!_?Y_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\K^`/_@QC_YRB_\`=DW_
M`+]Q7]_E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?D;^V#_`
$J[S]H/]LKX8?\


M.']OOX[?\%!O^Y'P_\`C7^TQX^^?PH_:


M]244`?)G[=O[.'C#]K_]C_\`:#_9=\#?%_\`X4-KOQZ^'6K?^?XJCP4_P`1
M'\,^&/%DEMIGCF&+PA'XQ\`OJLWB/P3-X@\+02+XLTK^RY=;36+\6!TV\]=

M!NGVATV;P9X&^%GPQ^!GQ




M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110!^$/_!1'_@G=




M5L_[(EU1-3N+6TG`/IFO
_BW\9OA5\!_!M[\0/C%X^\
_#OPC8_:8_[7\3:G


'B/6=4N



M-^F:IJ'AG1O'V@^'_B;XRAT37/#MOXU\8#0;ZTU4_P!_PSG_P2W_8Q_9HO
M]!\2>%/AC_PF_P`0?#N^2P^)'Q7U%_&WB.*_B\1V_B;2-

M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7&_#K_`))]X$_[

M`)19?\%+/^S`/VR/_6=?B-0!_B#4444`?W^?\&
?_.47_NR;_P!^XK^_ROX`

M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?P!_P#!\Y_SBZ_[O9_]]'K^OW_@

M_P`$T_\`LP#]C?\`]9U^'-`'W_1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11

M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'Y

(K_P`+2_X1





T#P]H&F7^MZ[KNMW]
MKI6C:)HVE6LM]JFKZOJE]+!8Z;IFFV

;NOXM?M-

M@JO^QW^R[K


M==9F\-Z%;:G;?!U]3MM




ML/&

MV)OAC_TR6-=E7&_#K_DGW@3_`+$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`

M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`XWXB_\D^\=_\`8F^)_P#TR7U=E7&_$7_DGWCO_L3?$_\`Z9+Z
MNRH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?\`9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\HLO^
MEG_`&8!^V1_ZSK\1J`/\0:BBB@#^_S_`(
8_P#G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_\`
M!C'_`
Y1?^[)O_?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/X`_^#YS_`)Q=?]WL_P#OH]?U^_\`






M_P!6#XGKLJXWP)_R!+[_`+'+XB_^K!\3T`=E1110`4444`%%?%O[2/\`P4(_


M3L(;VP0Z)X4TO6
M-9N+K4M





M%GP'L].T:'4]5\/1Z?K'VG1_O@CP'XUUGPQJ%MX@^(%KXIBN)F_9+]EC_@
MB[^RI\`?LOB#XEV?_#2GQ!A\_P#XF7Q%T2SMOAQI_F?\)#9?\2?X2?:]9T2Z
M^U:)K-A;ZA_PL#5?B%Y&NZ#8^)OG_)W;?9HOU^HH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/O`G_8F^&/\`TR6-
M=E7&_#K_`))]X$_[$WPQ_PF2QH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****
M`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_`3[
MP)_V)OAC_P!,EC795QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`XWXB_\`)/O'?_8F^)__`$R7U=E7&_$7_DGWCO\`[$WQ/_Z9+ZNRH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**




M2+ZPT+^U/[8U2--





'[2^#O!7@WX=^'
M-.\'?#_PEX9\^$='^V?V1X5\':#I7ACPYI?]H7]UJE__9VAZ):6.F6/V[4[
MZ]U&\^S6L7VF_O+J\FWW%Q+(X!_.#^R5_P`$$O\`D^-?VQ/&G_0-U3_`(4E
M\-+_`/[%O5O[(^('Q)\O_L9_7BOP[\.K3_GPU[PC\8O^6=?OC\?V:/@-^S


M]
EC795QOPZ_Y)]X$_[$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O_`3[QW_V)OB?_P!
E]795QOQ%_Y)]X[_`.Q-
M\3_^F2^KLJ`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`




L[YG\2^+[#0M5CU^W\!Z!XKUC2XIIM**
M5]65_(%_P7'_`&M?^%N?'G2_V=/!VM?:OA]\`?._X2K^S=2\_2O$'QDUFVC_


=1_MCQ=XZ\3:]XQ\5:O]CL-/\`[4\1^)]5N];US4?L&EVM
MCIEC]NU.^NKG['IUE9V%MYODV=K;VZ1Q)S-%%`']%?\`P0T^%'['?QCT;XOZ

MXT\.ZB/$_B^+P/;ZGH-KX[\+Z



MNZK'H%OX\T#PIK&J130Z4$K_`$=$UO1O$NC:1XC\.:OIFO^'M?TRPUO0M=T
M2_M=5T;6]&U6UBOM+U?2-4L99['4M,U*QG@O+_LYYK6\M9HKBWEDAD1V`-.

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-^'7_)/O`G_8F^&/\`TR6-=E7&_#K_`))]


M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/\`
M@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:OO^O@#_`(*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&H`
M_P`0:BBB@#^_S_@QC_YRB_\`=DW_`+]Q7]_E?P!_\&
?_.47_NR;_P!^XK^_

`_8W_P#6
M=?AS7\@7_!\Y_P`XNO\`N]G_`-]'K^OW_@D[_P`HLO\`@FG_`-F`?L;_`/K.
MOPYH`^_Z***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N-\?\`($OO^QR^
M(O\`ZL'Q/795QO@3_D7W_8Y?$7_`-6#XGH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H



MP4;_`.C=?_


MI\/]'\-Q:I-IFNO8_H_10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%
M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7&_#K_DGW@3_L3?#'_IDL:[
M*N-^'7_)/O`G_8F^&/\`TR6-`'94444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

EC0!V5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`'&_$7_DGWCO\`[$WQ/_Z9+ZNRKC?B+_R3[QW_`-B;XG_]
M
E]794`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!7P!_P`%8O\`E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_]9U^(U??]?`'_``5B

M9?\`!-/_`+
`_8W_`/6=?AS0!]_T444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4

MK!\3T`=E1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!7&_#K_DGW@3_`+$WPQ_Z9+&NRKC?AU_R
M3[P)_P!B;X8_]
EC0!V5%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111

?^F2
MQKLJXWX=?\D^\?]B;X8_P#3)8T`=E1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'&_$7_DGWCO
M_L3?$_\`Z9+ZNRKC?B+_`,D^\=_]B;XG_P#3)?5V5`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`'&_$7_`))]X[_[$WQ/_PF2^KLJXWXB_\`)/O'?_8F^)__`$R7U=E0`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%?`'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_\`6=?B-7W_`%\`?\%8O^467_!2S_LP
M#]LC_P!9U^(U`'^(-1110!_?Y_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\K^`/_@QC_YR
MB_\`=DW_`+]Q7]_E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`

M[]Q7]_E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%4M1U+3M'T^]U;5[^RTK2M-

MO^%W_!9__@G=\5?VF_VDOV6-._:

M%WCDC971F4@D`M45Y]\4_BW\*O@9X&UGXG_&SXF_#[X/?#7PXVG+XA^(?Q3\
M9^'/A]X&T%M7U.ST325UGQ;XMU+2-`TMM4UG4=/TC3A?:A`;W4[ZSL+82W=U

M(OB*\LT\TKI'%%&K222
J(K
P!`/OBBBO`_&_PU9^R[\,_'^E_?XD?M)?`



MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`KC?AU_R3[P)_V)OAC_TR6-=E7&_#K_DGW@3_`+$WPQ_Z9+&@#LJ***`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**

?^F2
MQH`[*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`.-^(O_)/O'?_`&)OB?\`]
E]795QOQ%_Y)]X


?_`#E%_P[)O\`W[BO[_*`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_A/_`.#JK]KOQ1:_MY_\$XOV#?B1XMUWP7^P_P-



M*:M:6GB'0&N8AKOASQ
`?%W[#G[+W[
GQ*_X*U_\'$7[/GBSX$_!WQ1\`!X9



MX$^+HO[
\`^*6\
^*;WPGHNC6\=]X6UGP?K_`(=OO]*G]G;]HSX)_M8_!SP1


M1_X)C?MR?$/XJ?&SQMH_QQ^'WQV^+WB#4?%WBSXJ^!/C/XIU;4+OQ-?1A$N/

+_`()V^//C#\.KBVM_CO\`$[Q#I?P




'_?AW1+6'_4RV


M/AMKWA!=0N=1OCHGB?Q%I-E/:^&/!^A:=9_U65_!1\
=?OM_P#W_XNZ7X8
MC9M(\7^&M2T#Q45?:([&'_@G5X*\7WDCA1B16\;^&=*0(V
/*KDETY_O7H`*

MAXBUG[?X@U?5=3O?/_\`AVG^SK_T4;]O_P#\6Q?\%3?_`*

M=?\`=[/_`+Z/7]#W_!
G_@IM_P`$V_`7_!-O_@GSX%\=?\%!OV(/!?C;P7^Q


.G
M^SK_`/0JT`?O]_P]B_X)9?\`22S]@#_Q
C]G7_YXU'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`
M$R/V=?\`YXU?@#_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]

M)+/V`/\`Q
C]G7_YXU?@#_Q!4_\`!++_`*+Y^W__`.'3_9U_^A5H_P(*G_@
MEE_T7S]O_P#\.G^SK_\`0JT`?O\`?\/8O^67_22S]@#_P`3(_9U_P#GC4?\



M[?\`_P'3_9U_P#H5:/^(*G_`()9?]%\_;__`/#I_LZ__0JT`?O]_P`/8O\`
M@EE_TDL_8`_\3(_9U_\`GC4?\/8O^67_22S]@#_`

M``2R_PB^?M__P#AT_V=?_H5:/\`BI_X)9?]%\_;_\`_#I_LZ__`$*M`'[_

_X*L_\$NK71[R*Z_X*2_L#6TC

-U:3PW5M*`4GMYHIHF:.1&/X
M6_\`$%3_`


M_P#SQJ_`'_BI_X)9?\`1?/V_P#_`,.G^SK_`/0JT?\`$%3_`,$LO^B^?M__
M`/AT_P!G7_Z%6@#]_O\`A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D?LZ_\`SQJ/^'L7_!++_I)9
M^P!_XF1^SK_\\:OP!_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^SK_]K1_Q!4_\$LO^B^?

MA[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D?LZ_\`SQJ_`'_BI_X)9?]%\_;_P#_``Z?[.O_`-K
M1_Q!4_\`!++_`*+Y^W__`.'3_9U_^A5H`_?[_A[%_P`$LO\`I)9^P!_XF1^S

MPZ?[.O\`]K1_P`05/\`P2R_Z+Y^W_\`^'3_`&=?_H5:`/W^_P'L7_!++_I

M?^(*G_@EE_T7S]O_`/\`#I_LZ_\`T*M'_$%3_P`$LO\`HOG[?_\`X=/]G7_Z
M%6@#]_O^'L7_``2R_PDEG[`'_B9'[.O_P`\:C_A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?\`B9'[
M.O\`\\:OP!_X@J?^67_`$7S]O\`_P##I_LZ_P#T*M'_`!!4_P#!++_HOG[?

\:C_A[%_P2R_Z2
M6?L`?^)D?LZ__/&K\`?^(*G_`()9?]%\_;__`/#I_LZ__0JT?\05/_!++_HO
MG[?_`/X=/]G7_PA5H`_?[_A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?\`B9'[.O\`\\:C_A[%_P`$
MLO\`I)9^P!_XF1^SK_\`/&K\`?\`BI_X)9?]%\_;_\`_#I_LZ__`$*M'_$%
M3_P2R_Z+Y^W_`/\`AT_V=?\`Z%6@#]_O^'L7_!++_I)9^P!_XF1^SK_\\:C_




MPZ?[.O\`]K7S!^R)_P:*?\`!-OX_?GQ9XZ\8_&W]M_3=7T+]I_]MWX*6=O
MX9^)/P&L].D\*_LU_MH?'W]G/P+J%S#JG[-6LW+^(-6\$_OP]JGBRZBO(=.
MOO%5YK-]H^E:#I%Q8Z'IP!_4[_P]B_X)9?\`22S]@#_Q,C]G7_YXU'_#V+_@
MEE_TDL_8`_\`$R/V=?\`YXU?@#_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H_X@
MJ?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^SK_]K0!^_W_``]B_P67_22S]@#_Q

$LO^B^?M__
M`/AT_P!G7_Z%6C_BI_X)9?]%\_;_P#_``Z?[.O_`-K0!^_W_#V+_@EE_TD
ML_8`_P#$R/V=?_GC4?\`#V+_`()9?])+/V`/_$R/V=?_`)XU?@#_`
05/_!+
M+_HOG[?_`/X=/]G7_PA5H_X@J?^67_`$7S]O\`_P##I_LZ_P#T*M`'[_?\


MV_\`_P`.G^SK_P#0JT`?O]_P]B_X)9?])+/V`/\`Q
C]G7_YXU'_``]B_P
M67_22S]@#_Q

M?\/8O^67_22S]@#_P`3(_9U_P#GC5^`/_$%3_P2R_Z+Y^W_`/\`AT_V=?\`
MZ%6C_BI_P67_1?/V__P#PZ?[.O_T*M`'[_?\`#V+_`()9?])+/V`/_$R/
MV=?_`)XU'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_P#$R/V=?_GC5^`/_$%3_P`$LO\`HOG[?_\`
MX=/]G7_Z%6C_`(@J?^67_1?/V__`/PZ?[.O_P!K0!^_P!_P]B_X)9?])+/
MV`/_`!

C]G7_YXU?@#_P`05/\`P2R_
MZ+Y^W_\`^'3_`&=?_H5:/^(*G_@EE_T7S]O_`/\`#I_LZ_\`T*M`'[_?\/8O

.G^SK_`/0J
MT`?O]_P]B_X)9?\`22S]@#_Q
C]G7_YXU'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`$R/V=?\`
MYXU?@#_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^

MQ




MG[`'_B9'[.O_`

M7_!++_I)9^P!_P)D?LZ_P#SQJ_`'_BI_X)9?\`1?/V_P#_`
.G^SK_`/0J
MT?\`$%3_`
$LO^B^?M__`/AT_P!G7_Z%6@#]_O\`A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D?L
MZ_\`SQJ/^'L7_!++_I)9^P!_XF1^SK_\\:OP!_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^
MSK_]K1_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M_\`_AT_V=?_`*%6@#]_O^'L7_!++_I)9^P!_P)
MD?LZ_P#SQJ/^'L7_``2R_PDEG[`'_B9'[.O_P`\:OP!_P(*G_@EE_T7S]O




M^)D?LZ__`#QJ_`'_`(@J?^67_1?/V__`/PZ?[.O_P!K1_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M
M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H`_?[_A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D?LZ__/&H_P'L7_!++_I
M)9^P!_XF1^SK_P#/&K\`?^(*G_@EE_T7S]O_`/\`#I_LZ_\`T*M'_$%3_P`$
MLO\`HOG[?_\`X=/]G7_Z%6@#]_O^'L7_``2R_PDEG[`'_B9'[.O_P`\:C_A





M``2R_PB^?M__P#AT_V=?_H5:/\`BI_X)9?]%\_;_\`_#I_LZ__`$*M`'[_
M`'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`$R/V=?\`YXU'_#V+_@EE_P!)+/V`/_$R/V=?_GC5

M`/\`PZ?[.O\`]K0!^_W_#V+_@EE_P!)+/V`/_$R/V=?_GC4?\/8O^67_22

M`

MM_\`_AT_V=?_`*%6C_BI_X)9?\`1?/V_P#_`,.G^SK_`/0JT`?O]_P]B_X)
M9?\`22S]@#_Q,C]G7_YXU'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`$R/V=?\`YXU?@#_Q!4_\
M$LO^B^?M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^SK_]K0!^_W_
M``]B_P67_22S]@#_Q

M0JT`?O\`?\/8O^67_22S]@#_P`3(_9U_P#GC4?\/8O^67_`$DL_8`_\3(_

$LO^B^?M__`/AT_P!G7_Z%6C_BI_X)9?]%\_;_P#_
M``Z?[.O_`-K0!^_W_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_P#$R/V=?_GC4?\`#V+_`()9?])+
M/V`/_$R/V=?_`)XU?@#_`
05/_!++_HOG[?_`/X=/]G7_PA5H_X@J?^67_

M(*G_`()9?]%\_;__`/#I_LZ__0JT`?O]_P`/8O\`@EE_TDL_8`_\3(_9U_\`

M?_H5:/\`BI_X)9?]%\_;_\`_#I_LZ__`$*M`'[_`'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`
M$R/V=?\`YXU'_#V+_@EE_P!)+/V`/_$R/V=?_GC5^`/_`!!4_P#!++_HOG[?
M_P#X=/\`9U_^A5H_X@J?^67_1?/V_\`_P`.G^SK_P#0JT`?O]_P]B_X)9?]
M)+/V`/\`Q
C]G7_YXU'_``]B_P67_22S]@#_Q


-CJ




MLZ__`#QJ_`'_`(@J?^67_1?/V__`/PZ?[.O_P!K1_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M_P#_
M`(=/]G7_`.A5H`_?[_A[%_P2R_Z26?L`?^)D?LZ__/&H_P'L7_!++_I)9^P
M!_XF1^SK_P#/&K\`?^(*G_@EE_T7S]O_`/\`#I_LZ_\`T*M'_$%3_P`$LO\`
MHOG[?_\`X=/]G7_Z%6@#]_O^'L7_``2R_PDEG[`'_B9'[.O_P`\:C_A[%_P



M`*%6@#]_O^'L7_!++_I)9^P!_P)D?LZ_P#SQJ/^'L7_``2R_PDEG[`'_B9

ML`?^)D?LZ_\`SQJ_`'_BI_X)9?]%\_;_P#_``Z?[.O_`-K1_Q!4_\`!++_

M\$LO^DEG[`'_`(F1^SK_`//&K\`?^(*G_@EE_P!%\_;_`/\`PZ?[.O\`]K1
M_P`05/\`P2R_Z+Y^W_\`^'3_`&=?_H5:`/W^_P'L7_!++_I)9^P!_XF1^SK


3(_9U_

MV=?_`*%6C_BI_X)9?\`1?/V_P#_`,.G^SK_`/0JT`?O]_P]B_X)9?\`22S]
M@#_Q,C]G7_YXU'_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_\`$R/V=?\`YXU?@#_Q!4_\$LO^B^?M
M_P#_`(=/]G7_`.A5H_X@J?\`@EE_T7S]O_\`\.G^SK_]K0!^_W_``]B_P
M67_22S]@#_Q


M`_\`$%3_`
$LO^B^?M__`/AT_P!G7_Z%6C_BI_X)9?]%\_;_P#_``Z?[.O_
M`-K0!^_W_#V+_@EE_TDL_8`_P#$R/V=?_GC4?\`#V+_`()9?])+/V`/_$R/
MV=?_`)XU?@#_`
05/_!++_HOG[?_`/X=/]G7_PA5H_X@J?^67_`$7S]O\`

M?]%\_;__`/#I_LZ__0JT`?O]_P`/8O\`@EE_TDL_8`_\3(_9U_\`GC5]_P!?






MH%GXNN/'.A^`O`&E:U]B@\?^+K\:?I3S7&B7-Q8W-$_X-B_V$_AQ\9_&'QH_

MOB)\0/%/B/Q-\1OBY\4M?M;86EOKWQ.^+/C_`%?Q'\0?'6HVEONM]+7Q!XAO







_



M)?!GP*_9^^'7AOX4_3X?:;_`&5X2\$^%;62WTS3+=YI;J[N)I[F6YU'5M7U
M2^GN=2UO7M9O=0US7=5NKO5=9U&^U&[N;J7V@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`
M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@FG_R;K\1O^S__`/@K

M:CH.HW7A7Q[_`
%)/VK_`!UX%\36UCJEM:W
_A_QIX)\1^'O&/A/68HFT[Q'
MX5UW1O$.CW-YI&J6-Y.`?;]%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?`'_!-/\`Y-U^(W_9
M_P#_`
%8O_7IO[9%??\`7Q!_P3Y\)^*O!?P&\?:/XQ\


M*++_`()I_P#9@'[&_P#ZSK\.:^_Z^(/^9/A/Q5X_X)M_\`!/GP+XZ\
^(/

MA:O9WFEZSHVJ6=KJ.EZC:W-C?6T%S!+$H!]OT444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`5\`?
M\$G?^467_!-/_LP#]C?_`-9U^'-??]?$'_!

^)O#VL6UGJ^@^(

^


M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@
MK%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&K[_`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_PLZ_$:
M@#_$&HHHH`_O\_X

MK^_R@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_`BR_PEG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*
MQ?\`*++_`(*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:@#_$&HHHH`_O\`/^#&/_G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_
ME?P!_P#!C'_SE%_[LF_]^XK^_P`H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`

M*[U+X%^





O[%OAO7_&FFV?PY\0_!


MMZX!_4S17\T__!M5^T)^V[\0OA!^VC^S#^VUXKU7XP^*_P!@/]K7Q9^RMX?^


M^'+&^NIGTC[/9_T8^

M_!

MTJ`$)@LQ`4`DDD```9))/``'))X`KB?AQ\3/AO\8_!.@?$OX1?$#P1\5/A




MM]2MO%5_XB2&/Q38:1K%CWG_``2J_PC_@S_@H]_P`$^_A?^V+;Q6.F^*!X
M=U30?C[X*\)65_JK^!/C+\/K*)?B-X=TGPY87OB?Q$+#50;+QM\/]!GNM7\4
MWW@+Q?X-DNEN=6U!HV`/TZHK^&S]HG_@UP_:9_X*L?&SXB?M\_M9_MIVG[
?
MQ8_:'U^;Q1:?LXV_[/4'QENO@5\
K&*+0?@]\*O$'CS3_P!H#X?:%JGC7P=\
M





MXJ?&SQ;_`
*M2U76+J.$R2&))[V18S(^P#<V0#^[NBO(OCS\1-<^%7P@\=^./7ANQ\:




T5_-/\`\&U7[0G[
M;OQ^$'[:/[,/[;7BO5?C#XK_8#_`&M?%G[*WA_X_PJZO)XBG\;WO@07NB^


?


P^)]


*_#%_JFA:S;6^HV5Y83SZ=?W
45[:7-K(ZSP2QI^

O@7_P3]^-D/PEE8_M`?'[_`(13]D?]FW3[76(-#UF_^._[4_B?

MDV5U?6



MGPE_:EUGQU\
OVAOV(?!

?BY


M[=3S


6G[1'Q:US2_A/\%]6\







MW3/$GA3]GKX:?'?7K+0/@KXNUBR%S:7_`(V\/_!7]D;P?\.-3\!_#/2X[P^*

M\%!K/0]4UGP;\9?BW\8-/?P/J?C!574E\.0Z?X(\



MT_Q+9V3ZE9:@`=[17\!G_!OKXD^*LG_!R-_P4U^%/Q+^._QS^/UC^SY\'?VV




M0^*7P9_9\_X)[^%;Z_M_%O\`P4G_`&GOAO\`LZ^)/^$?UR#1?%.B_LT^$IKC
MXW?M;^
=

MX*F?LH_\$1?V9/&7B?X6^#;KPM+\=/V^OB?\)=1O?OCWP=\#_/ARX\7^#/



+*SFNEL/$7AW5[&.25


M^\
7_AO5]-^&]WX8\&ZZ/#=EG_%;]IWQE_P1X_X+-?LT?LY7OC3Q;K?_``3B

4444`%%%%`!1110`44
M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%?E3_P`%B_AUXRUC_@GS^VY\4?!O[1?[1OP2\1_!
M[]D7XT?%;P


Y/#5SX65UTG1-'\03W.OS_CW_`
^UC7-9NKW5-3O'5$5
M[F]NIYF5%4N0H``/ZVJ*^8OVN?&'QB\.?!Z\\-_LYR^&+3]HCXM:YI?PG^^




$M?A'\
M:?VI3J.M_$BP\8_$;X;V7Q/U2'2[:\^
WA+P%K_]DZ/\0;FWTB*WMQJ%I=-J




MGQGXV^&6CV








M

M\_B&*_MOYB?VXO\`@V:^+7B'X;^-?VG/@+_P4X_X*`_$G_@HIX1\
ZSXRT+Q


O_``4?_8Z^)/A#]I3Q-)X\
M^/?[*OC7P]X/USXCW=K;VVN?$#X;^/=+U75?AKKWB]K&SLM-O?%^GS^&O&/A


M`






M.R?4K+4`#O:*_@
_X-]?$GQ5D_X.1O\`@IK\*?B7\=_CG\?K']GSX._ML_!#





M'Q2^#/[/G_!/?PK?7]OXM_X*3_M/?#?]G7Q)_P`(_KD&B^*=%_9I\)37'QN_

M-

M.\
^(?%WAO7M+\=ZKXKN[?QGXC\17UKXK@LCI6H:=X:@_P$;;TS_@V!U_U


[RRNSLS$`_?*BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB


_$?B*^M?

M:*'4[F&VU@`_NCHK\7O^!7_``43\:?\%-/^;_PS^//Q7DT^Z^-O@WQ+XF^
M'QKU;2M.MM'T_Q-X_\``$&C7D?C&/2KTL=)TR]\9^#/$GA#Q7KVFZ#9V?A





\'^$_

MX^-=MXK/Q6\'??2=3\=^.=(;Q+X.\)^#?$UEKZ-8:YKVC67C2Z^)/AKQ-?

$J_P!H;XO_`+6/_!.C]CS]HSX]^'SX


MF^);6/3[:Q`/=:*_A$_X
L/BU\5/C9XM_PJ7C_`.
OQ
^(/Q;\=ZE'^Q##



MSPRZCX:?PQXBT+39[R]NAXITWQ+:QZ?;6(![K17\(G_!EA\6OBI\;/%O_!5+
MQ_\`&7XF?$'XM^.]2C_8AAU'QK\3O&?B/Q[XMOX8#^UV8(KWQ)XJU+5=8NHX
M3)(8DGO9%C

MRBR_X*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:@#_`!!J***`/[_/^#&/_G*+_P!V3?\`OW%?W^5_
M`'_P8Q_\Y1?^[)O_`'[BO[_*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_@#



M;PKX*_X*%?M'?%_5OV9/#WB72X]
\47GP2UCXW^.?B5J_C[5+=;F[-GIWBSQ










M'0Y]39F;1_%GAM]3^/WQ5TNV
8G=/#&D:@A15B9_P`^
_C'5/B3_`
'MG[-/
MA+7([TZ;\'OA1+X.\





MVMZRO]HZ%K/AK4[C]VO^J7[2OB;]DW]@+]I/XO_``]@U*^^,#^8OAC\!-*






M2_M*6M[^RW=ZMI]E=3MI?QNU;PG\1O@7HL&OW45M]AL++6]*^/GPTDTB2ZNQ




M?6M9^+WP5UO35OO&'QC^'$^E10_Y





M]$M+WXYMH'B_XJ^/CSX;MK1(X=$\9:FGP]\46OQ.\N?2?&VJ_V%XEOM/A\





^)O[8NG^._ALGA?PI\/=6M=+N?'6J_#[PWX*NOBUX^\


WPC;X(RZ=!IF




M^J:5JR1_U34`?P!_\$_^5IK_@M1_P!Y&_\`UXI\&Z_O\K^`/_@@7_RM-?\`
M!:C_`+R-_P#KQ3X-U_=Y\6?B=X.^?PL^)7QE^(FJIH?P_\`A+X!\8?$SQQK





/A]_9DB0IIQ\)FUB@@2
1+^)7PA^



MQLUBU2XMWBN(M0TNY
(9EALM<_9D^(
M7PDM-Q.9-=^/-E'\$/#D*`?




M_P-7P8^!GQ

M

M`4444`?`'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_P#6=?B-7X`_\&5/_*++X^?]G_\`Q3_]
M9U_95K]_O^L7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_PLZ_$:OP!_X
J?^467Q\_[/_\`BG_Z
MSK^RK0!_7[7@G[4W[0?@3]D_]G#XX?M*?$R_&G^!_@C\



MU\+?\%$?VB?AQKOV[P[X.\*6;[+/QQ^QI\!/%^F6WB#Q=XMNX]1\$_M!_&71


M1=3T_3O$&G:U;+][?\%N/$_B77/V0?#_`.QY\/-2U32?B=_P4A^.GPM_85\.
MZKHVFPZS=^&_`?Q=U*ZU3]HOQG?:9(Z
XTZ23+
M2Q(_ZSZAXJ\+Z/KGASPOJGB'1--\1^+CJR^%/#][JEE:ZUXD_LR74=<.A:7
M-
E[JB:-8/'=ZJ]C!
FGV\L$EVT*S1%_QQ/V?]J[_@N6J_Z#JOP[_P3G[*

MWP)X5\

RD`_
'_



?

MFY&V/31=R.5168?S
_

M?Q03VNDB]T3]FWQ9H.B2WYA@OO%6M^&M$60WFMZ=%.`?V34444`%%%%`!111
M0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?`'_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_\`6=?B-7X`_P#!
ME3_RBR^/G_9__P`4_P#UG7]E6OW^_PL7_*++_@I9_V8!^V1_ZSK\1J_`'_
M`(


MG_X)V7GQ*^
&ES^'/B9^V/XOTWXU+X0OK

M_9I\)_%RZU2_`:/3Y[C3I)
M+$C_`*SZAXJ\+Z/KGASPOJGB'1--\1^+CJR^

%T_P#@

^)O[8NG^._ALGA?PI\/=6M=+N?



9?&`U;5[
MOQO#XIA\6:UJ


MO\K^`/\`X(%_\K37_!:C_O(W_PO%/@W7]WGQ9^)W@[X)_SXE?&7XB:JFA_
M#_X2^`?&'Q

M\F?AW')^U/\`\%MOCC\2+F*:^^&/_!

M@M1_WD;_`/7BGP;K^_ROX`_^!?_`M-?\%J/^\C?_KQ3X-U_?Y0!^`/_!T=
M_P`H*/VYO^[9O_6P_P!GVC_@UQ_Y04?L
_\`=S/_`*V'^T%1_P`'1W_*C]N
M;_NV;_UL/]GVC_@UQ_Y04?L,_P#=S/\`ZV'^T%0!^_U%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`'X`_\'1W_`@H_;F_[MF_];#_`&?:/^#7'_E!1^PS
M_P!W
_\`K8?[05'_``='?\H*/VYO^[9O_6P_V?:/^#7'_E!1^PS_`-W
_P#K



VGSZ1+^WY

M_P#X(-?L%^







M6\NAXK^*WB/QCXC$UU))
PU
!W)%?:]`'\`?_!C'_P`Y1?\`NR;_`-^XK^_R






M]H7_`(*1:I\+_!/C?1/@AX/^.NE?$J'3_A)XZ\?6EGX;UWXE^'M0\=_M)_&R
M+^V)?A[/XP\#?8;/1M)$FG^
K^[EU!I;*VA;])/V8/V4?B1\.?VO?V^_VN?C

MUV[_`+;LM






MPL^&OP9^'6E)H?P_^$G@'P?\


MMX'_`&L_'F@6.C?LK_M#?!G]G:_NM*\5:=XH\4_%']F3Q/\`M'Z^EUJEKIMO



MTLTCM_9310!_.K_P3P_X(9?';]E#]K'PQ^U5^U[_`
%2_P!H7_@I%JGPO\$^

^+_`



N?#NK^@44`?R

M/_PB3?MJ-K7_``BK?+/@@W'_6?\)E]E)UQ?%P\68U\?NI^T#\
OVRO'G[!




@MM.TC1='T


/!_Q0T#PSJND:;KMI
MX+OE?7=+U_\`H8HH`_

MAZ'HN@?M`:7H^C:/I=K%8Z9I6E:98_M\P66G:;IUE!!:6-C9P0VMI:PQ6]O%

?&_QU\/]`^$



M=`L=6\/W.N6*?V;/K



MHKW2--\&^?V@OV;]3TWQ%-J\VAW]GXEO/&VL:79Z?IVJZ5/X1UXUFTU?0O

?_!0CX9?\%2?ACXK^.W[0+_%QOC'I_P`2

MJWTQI+C0;C4=*O?V2_X*_LJ_'W]LC]B5/V2]-^(/P^TW7OC#KOP+\&?M3?$
MC3!XR^$VFZC\$+'QOX2UK]IU_@YX3MS\:-7TG7?B1X1T3Q'X/\%_#WQ?XYU+
M3[#1O&%QIWB+XKW4VF'6M3_1VB@M965GIMG::=I]K!96%A;065C96L206MI

%O#&D4


M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?G/_`
%#/V5/VL_VR?A#\6/V=O@_^U?\&?V;_@O\
$_'A_:L^%'@7P]HWB7P+J


G@73EBMKDWU
MU(GV)_P3R_91^)'[


M'I=QJ-C?X'P+^!W[5GAGX/6GPO\`VE_VQK;X^^(X(TLM0^
OP]^`ND?LX_$O




.N_`OP9^U-\2-
'C+X3:;J/P0L?&
M_A+6OVG7^#GA.W/QHU?2==^)'A'1/$?@_P`%_#WQ?XYU+3[#1O&%QIWB+XKW
M4VF'6M3_`$=HH`K65E9Z;9VFG:?:P65A86T%E8V5K$D%K:6=K$D%M:VT$2K'

M\#O&/Q^\

MJNE3^$=0N-9M-7T+V*B@#^5#]CG_`(-YOVO_`-B7]N?XQ_\`!0CX9?\`!4GX




M


M44`?F=_P5
_8H_:4_;^_9ZG_`&;O@3^VN_[%/@_QL=6T[XW^(]`^%S\5O'G
MQ*\&7EK:V]M\/-&\20?&?X4-\/O6I[M57X@1Z?:ZSK/CK39M.\-'6-!\*'Q

MM'TNUBL=
TK2M

M_!*[_@CS\3?V!OB]\6_V@OVF?V_?C+_P48^-_CKX?Z!\)_A_\2/CAIGCBSU[


M!-/^VV

M-(6_$\]IK3:)\1/B#X1TO4=4TH/H.H^(_A]X7\!Z]:6TTNK^%;[POXGCL==L



M^/\`3OBGXUBGT#PE^VOX+U?04;X@Z+HOB72CX3\1Z!)83:5;Z8TEQH-QJ.E7





MG0=2\
?LS10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?C/_P`%6?\`

M`U3PMXTCT3Q#\7-6_;#\


MWK-]IE[K/A2TU?1[:YT'4O#'[




M%7Q`MO%'B7PC%8Z%X+@?2O[?OKDZ:GZ#44`%?


!_#L$UKX?\`!O@;P9\<O7A30K:

M&7QV_90_:Q\

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK\1J^_PO@#_@K%_R
MBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?W^5_`
M'_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH

M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK\1J^_PO@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?M
MD?\`K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?W^5_`'_P8Q_\`.47_
M`+LF_P#?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_X*Q?
M\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK\1J^_PO@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&H`_
MQ!J***`/[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?W^5_`'_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O
M\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MO)OBC\?/@5\#O[_P%U?&GX2_#_A*/[3_`.$:_P%H_$;P?\`#_\`X2+^

M97GP!UW4/V9OV

MJGCGXE^-?%OQ#\;:Y]B_MKQCXY\1ZQXM\4ZQ_9FG6FCZ;_:GB'7[S4-6U#^S




N/.(
#6I7P.;UL#CIX++N&\CQRJ4\;E
MF*QE3


M7UY/#:VL

GM1K49QJ4JU*I%3IU:52#EI3J0DIPG3C.+4
MHMIIG^&^8Y=F&49ACLIS;`XS+
TRS&8G+LRRW

M1K?Q-\2^-/?A[X;^&?#.J^-?$GQ!USQ'H^D^/#_@W0=
N-:USQ;K?BR_O+
M?0=)\
Z-H]G=ZMJNO7]_;Z5IVF6MQ?WEW#:P2RJ`=91110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%1RRQ0123SRQPPPH\LTTKK'%%'&I9Y))'*HB(H+.[$*J@DD`$UY





M;Q'96ET]K=);7-SIL4





C]G7_YXU?X@U%`'^WS_P`/8O\`
M@EE_TDL_8`_\3(_9U_\`GC5]`?`O]K']EC]J#_A*?^&:/VEOV?\`]HC_`(0?
M^Q/^$U_X47\9/AU\6_\`A#_^$F_M?_A&_P#A*?\`A`/$?B#_`(1__A(/^$?U


MY))KA$1`68A036-\-_BO\+?C+X:MO&GP@^)7@#XJ^#KT(;/Q9\-_&/AWQSX:
MNQ)&LJ&VUWPQJ.J:7.'B=)$


M%`!1110`4444`%%%-=TC5G=E1$5G=W8*J(H)9F8D!54`EF)``!).*`'45R'@
M7X@^`OBCX:MO&?PS\;^$/B+X/O-1\0Z19^*_`OB71O%WAJZU;PEXBU7PAXJT

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'
M[9'_`*SK\1J^_PO@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_/^
M#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?W^5_`'_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\H`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BOY8/\`@H__`
$/?VK_`-L#]L_X




M.L]X/Q?A7C
ACL1D6.Q%?*ZV
C@L)'$U
+.N
ML+AU/V4/[?Z*_B`_XAJ/VZO^BK_LF?\`A=?&'_YQ%'_$-1^W5_T5?]DS_P`+



_\+KXP_P#SB*\/_:2_X(/?MF_LQ_`_XA_'
MKQ3XG^!_COPS\






6O[?Z*_B`_XAJ/VZO^BK_LF?^%U\8?\`YQ%'
M_$-1^W5_T5?]DS_PNOC#_P#.(K[W_B(_B)_T9S-O_$AI?_.7S_/LS^2?^)+?
MH;_]+)?#_P#\4_CO_IF^?Y]F?V_T5_$!_P`0U'[=7_15_P!DS_PNOC#_`/.(
MH_XAJ/VZO^BK_LF?^%U\8?\`YQ%'_$1_$3_HSF;?^)#2_P#G+Y_GV8?\26_0
MW_Z62^'_`/XI_'?_`$S?/\^S/[?Z***_;#_
$*_%#_@M_P#\$X=0_PIGPI



G_!7?X=^$+6



7C+]C']E5/VA_!G[(OB/]M_XE_$#2O$?[5/Q%U'P#H'A


WQM_:3_82_PRMK\




M




M:G\;?\%H?^)_A7QC^PA^T)J'_!-:/Q;^QY\2=#\ZYXS\7?L[?LJ^(O'?PA
M_9[_`&MOGA;0=0N?%/PN\??LT?&[TWX5^+/B1XK\



M@B+\.O''PH\)^)OVKOVE/VTOBA^WE-X




%!_CO_`
$_






M'QT^

M#^U]XJ_;R_X)J_LC_M5^/6LYOB!\3?AO=6?Q#O=/M+73K'5_B%\.?%WB3X5^



M?$G@#Q1J-U



VO

T+Q%J





@_'NXM?UG\4%U?1_C7I6O^'OA1KOB;PUI?A309_$.F'Q5;



MW
@\8::Q33_&NO6]S_9W0`R22.&.2661(HHD:2661E2..-%+/)([$*B(H+
S
M$*J@DD`$U_$;\)?V@/BC_P`'.W_!0_X^?!_2?BW\0/AE_P`$6OV.6T5O&W@'



MOV?OV:[O2K&XN0HEEM=/NM=UFXLX'8QV\VIWTD2JUS*6`/WNTC_@CO\`\$H-


FI7VJW.HRRW3_G7\`_V!/B)^Q!_P`%O_7Q/L?
MCG^T#\8?V2/C]^PS\??A!\$/'QV^

ML75?#7AS7;[PUJFMZ!HNL:GX

M/V\/^P^G_\`!&GX*?%[QY\`_@M^S?\`!G3_`-J7]O+XC?7Q1XD^'/QN^*D

/%/A[Q)XG



MS_:\T_2M+T3XY-XR7XF^`[31K;4=:NK#4?`^O:%XQTG69M)U;PKXM\

M:R`?WST5_!9^T_\`$3XK_P#!''_@XX_9#_9W_8]^

M`(*`_[]HC]LWP#^UQ^SGXB^GB#PA\5?G[7?Q[TQNCX]^)/P]_9\\8Z79



G


?VAOV3=<^)7[-WQ_^!=Q^S4VA_'CX.?%/

M'#XG7_B;PA^QYX




MI_X*F_\`1?/V`/\`PZ?[17_T*M'_`!!4_P#!4W_HOG[`'_AT_P!HK_Z%6@#_
(_!?Q`\
M=6.H:A8^.O@K\.-(B\/Q:1\.-<M[JZM]<NM134;K2H8=*GMI[R\L?PAH`***
M*`O[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?P!U^OW_!*3_@BI^U/_P`%@_\`A?7_``S1
MX^_9_P#`_P#PSO\`\*N_X37_`(7IXJ^(OAG^U/\`A;?_``L7_A&_^$6_X0#X






=-\&:;XY^










M!GP)_87N_P#@H*_[$\?PT_9]\)^.M7^'WAS7_P!HCX?_``M^._PH^(GQ*^
/
MQNLO#?$W68?BQXB\6^`/?@OQ;X8\/?_PMHL$GB?Q/XX^4?V2/V\O/[#O





5KW]K--'^





M!&F_\$=+G]K#_@M#\1OVY_VY/VE+C0/@GXLTSQ5^S7\7_B5HFJ?!CQ[\3OB/

M

MXA?\$





MXY\


M-(TK7=

O\`L;R?L\?#1/V5'\5KXS;]GVWT);7X






%^(

MFFPV?AOQ?X9GO-
M=?T3Q;J/BWPQXA&@:9Q?_!.CXX^-?V$O^#E_]KC_`()

M]:\2Z1IFEZ%XM^-'A:Y-GJCZWX[L9?NM?%35/'?BWPQ8^*(`#^VOYOO^#J

^*]8\!?M$6?@^R


MV'^T%7[_`%?S3?\`!O?\:?!O[-W_``;9_L__`+0OQ$_M
^`O@7\*_P!MGXO^


M_@J1JG[

MKQG\7-7^)^CZU=3:[H/AO3OO@CPH`?U=45_'+_P10_X*^(O`G_``5F_:__



M44`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!111







/[!_BF#XJ:!?^+?BU\;/^$2

MB^%O



?P5QCA_%OC*KE^)

Q^I8G




XKYQFU3!X=83!49SC3H87`X##


M`'P!_P`%8O\`E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_]9U^(U?@#_P`&5/\`RBR^/G_9_P#\4_\`


M@Z38ZKXO\&?$_0O#.K:;9:[;^#=11]:TK6P#^A6OX`_^!?_`M-?\%J/^\C

J_%#0O


MPGXQ;0=






CHRDJR
MLI#*RDA@002#2D@`DD``$DDX``Y))/``'))Z5_.I^S[_`
$[_P#@LO\`\$]/
M`-G\$?V.?^A_PS1^T_^S]X;ET[PY\(OAK_`
%#?V?_`(D-XD^`_P`
M/UG

M=/B_2+PM^S%^U)\6+=[']N_]I'X9_%+P%=VD%MK7[.W[-'P(UCX#?!3Q[;-)



M;?VA/!5E\0O@]\5M#30?&7A:^GN[
74-KJ-EK6D:EI^HZ?/;:CI&N^'?$&EZ
M5XC\.:WIMS;ZCHFOZ5INJV$\5W9PR+^


M`+1?PV\*_%FPTU[N]NKN]\5M\/[:SU.6X'AK1M'\+W&F^$?#X!^9G[./PF\8

\&_!/]FSX=Z_XWOM








MH_X2G_A!_P#AHC]G_P#;^^!?_:_V)_PDW_'_\`V_C]^U+X`_X2G_A'/[7
M\/\`_0?\(__`

M_P*/B'I?Q^



$L=EH'C/X7_LE_M1?$+Q_
=Y=I`_CC0X&$=V]O<0EM*4`^_P#]

?!/A*;4X[ZUMU@O



WQ#^%'[=?C/_@I
M+_P2Y_:'\&_LK?'7XK^'O&4?[1?P%^+7PPU[XJ?LN_M0^+O$5_'KUOXB\967





OBOXH^
GC;PIKG['?BCP#\69?%


/[9.L7'B

M^(O''CKQ(=&T?2=-NO%/C/Q%KWB34+73;*._U6Y%M$5_T+J_FC_X*'_\$%/B




M^(OC7J7@_6+Z*3Q!?'^S?!_P`^

7POOM5\-Z?\1IK?P
NJ?#U+]/$WAR


TR^NH


MP\OO#8!_(;^P8P_9M_X/#O\`@H;X!^+_`(HUBX\1_M-?`KXEK\$M0UO2+N)?
M%Y\:)^SM^TIHOA?1;NVL4L9='\?SX;^._#%GJ\LBVCR?#2ZT:YOI?$*O;2

_Q&0J%'4L0!R17S



M6^+OQ!^
OQ:\+^'_`!':W=C)X6\&:OXYOON@6NC6=[:6DT?ASQ7%X.F^)NC
M72_:;36+;QY_;NGW
M/CG^SK:^&K_0&B\+-X7U[\1Z]X5T;1=`N_#\_@'5(]5M+[0_P`*/^/7_!!

MO[=__!`[]H/]N/\`X*.?!/\`X*.ZI^WY\*OAIXZ_9BUWX93?`+P!HW[#_B;Q

M6HGT3P?X*686D'W-_P`%&O\`@GE^U3_P4=_85O/V*_'O[77P#^'(^)
EJ_[0


YO;:*7[P_X*!_\`!2'4?^5WA3_
M`()Q?\$^O@-X<T+XQ_MA_M57_P`)?V6_@;J_QH\2:NWPU\0Z7<_#KX+V/QD
M^/

V^F^(?3/`G_!






M;WPZO_&6B^`/&?@SFO\`@G;_`





M6F7

MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`/Y`O^#U;_E%E\`_^S_\`X6?^LZ_M55_F5_K
M=?\`!T#^P5^UC_P42_8%^$7P4_8Z^%/_``N#XF^%_P!K_P``_%+7?#/_``G7

L]5N-8F_M
M/[5;Z?+966H7-I_'_QX_\`!=?_`*
9_P#-F?V//_H@J`/P!HK]_O\`B%Q_
MX+K_`/1C/_FS/['G_P!$%1_QX_\%U_^C&?_`#9G]CS_`.BH`_`&O[_`#_@




.?VEO@G\









\0^%/#-S;:OIVD:3X`T)=%FOM8`/<*_@8_X.XO
MV?OC=^SI^U_^PA_P6.^#L&G:MIGPAU'X5?#;5(+[0XKO2?`_QC^'Q3\4_'K


^(8M
OM2L]

M=5\'^-M`6^N+CPYXOT/6]`O7%[IMPB_/7_!6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_P#6=?B-
M7Y;?`'_@B%^T]_P34^(OQ!\0?\$G/^@(^&G[/OQUR[\9:O^PY^V'\'K_\`
M:(^!R^

M?Q*_X*5?!GP;\=?V9X?@_%\*-

?@NXU70/&G

%G;0HM`'I__``=A?#+QI\1?^,'
MQNU/P=J.M0P?OXE?!/XF^



MU;6+;^Q+'5;?P[I'X=_LU_\`!)?]O'_@F#J7Q.\$?\$POVP_@'J'[)WQ3^*R


MV?\`!6+_`)19?\%+/^S`/VR/_6=?B-7X`_\`!E3_`
HLOCY_V?\`_%/_`-9U




MM^^/?@=J_P#P5I^/?[.'Q/\`@-^SM\3+[XL^$OV/?V5/@+XT\!?7XJ?$S0;
MF^TGX:_$#X\^-/C7\5OBUXN\5:5I?@O6/$VGZW\&]!TG0/=[/XIN]+U7Q/X


M^VC;ZN/@^#Y_P$$%W'XJC\;_9`-?\`^$R_X3+/B4_L1^UI^RO^VM^U1^R#

:W^QWXJ\`_%N?Q=XB^&_AGP#!#X



M:]UOPK^SGX
N[S49%D07UEX%US65AMHS]FC_`%__`.#H[_E!1^W-_P!VS?\`

MQ3X2\


M?B+\:O&4W@/P?XA\.?#[4O%&E^#]'AEUC4-+OM`T1O$]SXN\.`'Q;^QIX
\6
`OVK/VA/'?C/PP(98Y


M/_@HE\2_V&=

&^#]:\01:SXJT#PG\8OA-XXT3Q


M\1^

W[7WCKPU#X$\4?M._M

/
MAOX?^$-=^`^A?L9^

MO%?Q.UKX@^%?C!K_`([LM/L?#$&J^&[33/]]X8`/Y8/^;'Q$^)_P#P;6?\
M%




M(.K_`!*\6^*+[Q':`'W/1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?`'_!
M6+_E%E_P4L_[
`_;(_\`6=?B-7W_`%\`?\%8O^467_!2S_LP#]LC_P!9U^(U
M`'^(-1110!_?Y_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\K^`/_@QC_YRB_\`=DW_`+]Q
M7]_E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`


MX.T&PU'2]0U?47\9Z7=Z19Z7KG\P'_!`?_@C9_P4M_X(T^


M&A_%/6+O3O.K^+?AK8ZAJNA:9I]SXVT2TU.ZU.P_KDHH`****`BBB@`HHH



FJZ=HWBSP?XP


MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&K[_`*^`/^L

MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*^`/^L7_`BR_P"
MEG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_X*Q?\`*++_`(*6?]F`?MD?^LZ_$:@#_$&HHHH`
M_O\`/^#&/_G*+_W9-_[]Q7]_E?P!_P#!C'_SE%_[LF_]^XK^_P`H`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`O@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&K[_`*^`/^L7_*++_@I9_V8
M!^V1_PLZ_$:@#_$&HHHH`_O\_X

M1?\`NR;_`-^XK^_R@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BLS2-;T;7[66^T+5]
UNQ@U/6]$GO-(O[74K6'6
M?#6LW_ASQ'I$MQ9RS0QZGH'B'2M4T+6[!W6ZTK6=-O\`2[Z*^L[B/3H`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@
M`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`O@#_`(*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&K[_KX`_PL7_*++_@I9_V8!^V
M1_ZSK\1J`/\`$&HHHH`_O\_X

M****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`H














LS



MY^*?P[\

O[4/_``1


MU;X*L4TC0?CQ\*O?Q#_`.$=75HM=?PCK6L:;%_PE/@BZUFTL(=4U#P/XIA



MP13_`.#;SP%_P2%^//Q




M$_X?^(?AEXITZ_UK4]5T




MP\?!K-X?/^CA\+?A/\+/@=X$T+X6_!3X:?#_`.#_`



M``3_`/V?OB^8?$




]M/%*W05\`?\`!)W_`)19?\$T_P#L

M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%
M`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`
M%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4
M444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!11
M10`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?`'_!6+_E%E_P`%+/\`

M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!


M*?\`\YFOZ_:*`/Y`O^(?_P#;(_Z*7^S-_P%E\4__G,T?\0__PV1_T4O]F;


MJZUNZTC2-2_










MT`_MY=TC5G=E1$5G=W8*J(H)9F8D!54`EF)``!).*_A7_P#BW7OO\`P66_
M9(\7_%C_`()_?#&?X[^!_P#@EYXN^(_CSXJ?ML0^(U\-?#*^\/V6CZ38?&_X

M`$__`




MO1P_N3_P2!^%?PST'_@C_P#\$]_A]HO@OPS!X$\7_L.?`?7O%?A
:7:77A[Q
M%K?QC^%&A^._BU=:UI=S'/9ZC)X[\:^
_%VN^*H;N*6'4]1U[53=1

M_&
[_`(*Q


'[(=T/$?PT_9G_:5_:!T'
M0+;PZ?VH!J$_CG5_V?OA)\4+#X=0S?VY9?V++X]G\-Q^)/(U?_A'6U3_`(1_


M@O\`X)W_`/!(S]F_X^?'+X8_M`^+?/B3XW_`+9/Q`^GQ2^!?[
OAOP?\._

LFKVOC'PUH_BWQ;K%Q963Q:=X8T[P9\.=&^*/BWQ


^)
M+7]M?]D?PDWBO2?B#XCMM)3Q'XU^&VA:IX3\/ZCI/Q'U+29QI'BSQ-IMMX\^

=8U:_P!5TL^-OB-\G?\`!+CXA7_Q4_X.ZO\`


MM=M-2L_#'A'Q!^SGXHO;?2I/$G@&]U3\^/AK\-O^&0?^#NWXM^*O&T5S:^%_


$^F/XBTWQ!^`W_.]=_G_I#Q7[_?\`!T=_R@H_;F_[MF_];#_9

M`'Q-KM_J7[5O[1UIK]Q\1_B/\$?BEX%^(?Q*D\0ZGKOB74-:T?Q%XF/@;55N
M=!N=5\%W_BGP[#XKO/D3_@VR_:I^*W@[]O[_`(*M_P#!)_XA_';XQ_';X;_L

^'/P!^-^M?LZ^*=)3Q+J




VK?M@?#W3-6_9[^*?Q2^+/QZLO



M/VE[7]L75_V)/BOJ&G?L^_M5W6NZ/K.O_M!_L_67C'Q5\
T\4MJ.EWFOR^+]
MM-1\'^&?'&D?$'5/'?Q$UK7;#XS6&E7WBW4M.T+0=0U+X6_X+^?LZ_MD_\`
M!,_Q_P#`3]O;]G+]KK_@I/\`$'_@GYIGQ-^&.B?M:?LLC_@H/^VA,_A2SLO%
M.CB:#3?C/??%[Q-\2?GPZ^/^DQ7?PZO?%&LZO=ZM\





?M5_&?X)


M

T?\0__`.V1_P!%






M/?@YXW^&W[/OQ7^+7@[5(-9\$7O[0OC_`.
?Q/\`BC\1OCM\




S


MS!\-?$7[2=[X;:]FB\1^`_#/C#XOVWQ2UKX:16'AT1:1\.O'*?%CQ^O@AY;
M:9\.X=)\
Z?I&H?U%44`?%?C_P#9\_:`\'?!/X7?`;]A'XX_![]E[PA\-OAG



V,UQ::EI-VT3:=KVCZSH=YJ.E7GY=_LU?\$T?VX_@1$/!GB3_@
MMK^VA\3_`(-Z'=3MX)\,:Y\'?V2?$'Q8M=-N;Z74)M+\?_M_''X._'SX@_$

MAO?0'5](\+S^.?#/P3UWQ-):^*O%OP:UW7O#/@2]\)?=%%%`'P=8?L0VGPB^




M.]E^%




MH\$_%+Q7\;?&7P!\#_/P5\*_@IH/PF^,?A77/!_P=^7P3TG1K3QQX\USQO
MX]\+ZAKFO?$+QQX;7Q+H/AZP%OJG@\^&X=$\3?U2T4`?`G[


MY_\`@GGX6_X)_P#PNU[1K_XO_%/]J#]H/XIW7AK7OVB/VL/CSKE_XK^
/QF\




MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`O@#_@K%_P`HLO\`@I9_V8!^V1_ZSK\1J^_Z^`/^L7_`BR_PEG_9

M^[)O_?N*_O\`*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK\1J^
M_PO@#_@K%_RBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=
MDW_OW%?W^5_`'_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%
M_P`HLO\`@I9_V8!^V1_ZSK\1J^_Z^`/^L7_`BR_PEG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&H

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`***
M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`KX`_X*Q?\HLO^EG_9@'[9'_`*SK\1J^_PO@#_@K%_R
MBR_X*6?]F`?MD?\`K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_/^#&/_`)RB_P#=DW_OW%?W^5_`
M'_P8Q_\`.47_`+LF_P#?N*_O\H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*
M***`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`O@#_@K%_P`HLO\`@I9_
MV8!^V1_ZSK\1J^_Z^`/^L7_`BR_PEG_9@'[9'_K.OQ&H`_Q!J***`/[_

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH
M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B

C_`(CG/^L77_F[
M/_Y(]%%`!_Q'.?\`6+K_`,W9_P#R1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q'.?]
M8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_XCG/^L77_`)NS_P#DCT44`'_$<Y_UBZ_\W9__`1Z/^(Y


M`


C_B.<_ZQ=?^;L__`)(]%%`!

W9_P#R
M1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q'.?]8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_XCG/^L77_`)NS


C_`(CG/^L7
M7_F[/_Y(]%%`!_Q'.?\`6+K_`,W9_P#R1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q
M'.?]8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_XCG/^L77_`)NS_P#DCT44`'_$<Y_UBZ_\W9__`1Z


M-V?_`


C_B.<_ZQ=?^;L__`)(]

W9
M_P#R1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q'.?]8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_XCG/^L77_




MZ_\`-V?_`


C_B.<_ZQ=?^;L__

M`
W9_P#R1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q'.?]8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_XCG/^




MY_UBZ_\`-V?_`


C_B.<_ZQ=?^

M6+K_`
W9_P#R1Z/^(YS_`*Q=?^;L_P#Y(]%%`!_Q'.?]8NO_`#=G_P#)'H_X






C_B.<_Z

M_AW'_P`(/_PT1^S_`/&3X%_\)K_PU]_PDW_'_\`V_AUXC\`?\`4_\(Y_P
LR]X?_P$@_X1_P#X2#^UO[$_M[1/[5^R?8/[7TW[1]LA**`/X@Z***`/_]D_
`
end







begin 644 cocacola19.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$!+`$L``#_X0SP17AI9@``34T`*@````@`!P$2``
`
M```!``$```$:``4````!````8@$;``4````!````:@$H``
````!``(```$Q

M`0```2L````!061O8F4@4&AO=&]S:&]P($-3(%=I;F1O=W
`
C`Q
CHP-SHQ
M-B`Q-CHP
SHT
````````Z`!``

M95]#30`!_^X`#D%D;V)E`&2``````?_;`(0`#`@(`D(#`D)#!$+@L1%0\
M#`\5&!
3%1
3&!$
#`P
#`P1#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
M#`$-PL-#@T0#@X0%`X.#A04#@X.#A01#`P,#`P1$0P,#`P,#!$,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,_\``$0@`'@@`P$B``(1`0
1`?_=``0`

')9)3\.'Q8W
U%J*R@R9$DU1D

4I(6TE<34Y/2EM<75Y?569G:&EJ:VQM;F

58W



MV

7*='ZDX9

MYMN';B@




LX^





#'J%6'BU1NR



MN9_-
QKRTLW`':[D3^:[^4N?Z?U_I6'


%ZJ(F.LAJC)RF0Z8\
APFC












W.L


MNS6UAN

C-]YYNH1QPE<11D<=RED_Q?\`-QA_+(\P






M```````X0DE-`^T``````!`!*__9``$``0$K_]D``0`!.$))300F```````.

M'CA24T#\P``````0```````````0`X0DE-!`H```````$``#A24TG$```
M````@`!``````````(X0DE-`_4``````$@`+V9F``$`;&9F``8```````$`
M+V9F``$`H9F:``8```````$`
@````$`6@````8```````$`-0````$`+0``
M``8```````$X0DE-`_@``````'```/____________________________\#
MZ`````#_____________________________`^@`````________________
M_____________P/H`````/____________________________\#Z```.$))
M300```````````X0DE-!`(```````(``#A24T$```````$`````$```)`
M```0``````X0DE-!!X```````0`````.$))300:``````-7````!@``````
M````````T0``!%8````1`%0`0P!#`$
`(`!2`&4`9``@`&P`;P!G`&\`+0`S
M`'@`
0````$``````````````````````````0`````````````$5@```-$`
M`````````````````````0`````````````````````````0`````0``````


````!3V)J8P````$`````



M``!




M;0````]%4VQI8V5(;W)Z06QI9VX````'9&5F875L=`````EV97)T06QI9VYE


X0DE-!`P`````]8`
M```!````H````!X```'@```X0```[H`&``!_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`@$`2`!(
M``#_[0`
061O8F5?0TT``?_N``Y!9&]B90!D@`````'_VP$``P(`@)`P)
M0P1PH+$14/#`P/%1@3$Q43$Q@1#`P,#`P,$0P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P!#0L+#0X-$`X.$!0.#@X4%`X.#@X4$0P,#`P,$1$,#`P,
M#`P1#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#/_``!$(`!X`H`,!(@`
M$0$#$0'_W0`$``K_Q`$_```!!0$!`0$!`0`````````#``$!`4&!P@)@L!
M``$%`0$!`0$!``````````$``@
$!08'`D*Q```00!`P($`@4'!@@%`PPS

S1R@M%#!R624_#A\6-S
M-1:BLH

'




MSU'J/5/K+D
-^)T
65=-QY.TV5MWVW_R7NACM_I_X7_NLQ!KZCET8^+U/[;'


_FWNDEP.?U+&Q\G.Q6&YF/192*\?)%I;;E

N][O4
MKQ-WKYF2]ECW
HR

M^C`QZA5AXM4;LNK(=[:?LSOUC]:MPO6_G/UJC])E_HO7J3]1^L/[1KIZ9BR+
M;S8<\X[VV&NBK^<VW[JJJ/M3OT/VB_T_0_2_X3TTN,_O#P`9!RL8Q&&7#9&


M36O;Z5EU-7HLL_PGLR/0UP9`


M^3:T_FV;/YO_`-*(B?I






3
:YI9;Z32^^U
C^H[J2QO\`


MR=M)8Y^LN
6VNIILN#



MUEMV^U6TDHB`.F_FG-EYF4`

5]7,B[)P\JKJ%E5^.ZQ]]I8
MU[K#:UE!-8,4X_I4-=51^AM]/_MSU:^=]4+,@YC<?J#\6C+IJQV5!@?L949<
MQUSW^O8R[]+ZGZ2KU'W?I_672)(&./6_KKX?]ZOAGYP</):`<'ZN
O3+)QX











95Z'OH9D7!_Z6N[[7?\`X:_T_P!&NP``
M``X%A_9OLE/V3;]E]-OH;/H^G`]+9_)V(R.
1`H$'NQ\YDRY)\62
H1U&.
MH\&@/J_=]?%_.?UW_]DX0DE-!$``````%,````!`0````\`00!D`&\`8@!E
M```4`!H`&\`=`!O`'
`:`!O`'`````2`$$`9`!O`&(`90`@`%``:`!O`'0`






3DY.2\P
B\R






M
3
P-C4R
RUC9C@Q+3$Q93$M8F4Y
2TY
34X-3DT9C$W


M




C`Q
BTP-RTQ-E0Q-CHP
SHT

3(M
M

394
38Z
#
Z-#`M
#4Z

M365T861A=&%$871E/C(P
3(M

394
38Z
#
Z-#`M
#4Z




M86)O=70])W5U:60Z-3$S
#8U
C
M8V8X
2TQ
64Q+6)E.3$M.3$U.#4Y-&8Q


M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
MB`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`H@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`*(`@(`@(`@(`@
M(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`@(`H\
M/WAP86-K970@96YD/2=W)S\^_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%``$!```

M```````````````````````````````````````````18W!R=````5`````S

M```49UA96@```BP````48EA96@```D`````49&UN9````E0```!P9&UD9```
M`L0```(=G5E9````TP```&=FEE=P```]0````D;'5M:0```_@````4;65A


9U120P``!#P```@
M8E120P``!#P```@

I(#$Y.3@@2&5W;&5T

MML]D97-C`````````!9)14

N8V@`````````````
M`!9)14

N8V@`````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````9&5S8P`````````N245#(#8Q.38V
M+3(N

`````````+%)E9F5R96YC
M92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$`````````````

`````


`*``M`#(`-P`[`$``10!*`$\`5`!9

8`

@$X`3X!10%

M^@(#`@P%`(=`B8+P(X`D$2P)4`ET9P)Q`GHA`*.`I@H@*L`K8P0++
M`M4X`+K`O4#``
+`Q8#(0

MTP/@`^P#^00&!!
$(`0M!#L$2`15!&



M`L('P@R$8(6@AN(((E@BJ+X(T@CG/L)$`DE3H)3PED7D)CPFD;H)




*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
?(R
M*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X




M3K=/`$])3Y-/W5`G4'%0NU$&45!1FU'F4C%2?%+'4Q-37U.J4_940E2/5-M5

&_1<MPAG#@<3IQE7'P<DMR
MIG



(*2@O2#

Z)


NB\Z4;IT.I;ZN7K

\QGSI_0T]


M`?_;`(0``@(`@(`@(`@,`@(#!`

#`P
#`P
#`P
#`P
#`$#`P
%!`4)!@8)#0H)@T/#@X.
M#@\/#`P,#`P/#PP,#`P,#`\,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,#`P,
M_\``$0@`T016`P$1``(1`0,1`?_=``0`B__$`,4``0``@(#`0``````````
M```(08'!0H`P0!`0$``@
!`0$`````````````!08$!P@#`@$0``$#`P($
M!`
%!@


M@D-3)7!DJ*#-',F\-'A8U1%&!$``@$`@8'!@0%`@8`@$%``$`P01!2$Q


MV@`
`P$``A$#$0`_`+_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`
M4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__T+_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%
M`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`
MH!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@
M%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4
M`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__T;_*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`
M*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H
M!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%

GAI]WS/RZ]-
VMX\4E%]7$_]I(*S95CM_99
C(*]#%`*


M5.7OROY&85ZD8*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4!Q%RO]DLX5_5+OMZDI*^
MB3(;:40!KPUOB4XQUO`R:%G7K_`/;A*74F_@?/9LIQZ_MM+M-YA3EO(ZTQ



M@%`*`4!Z79
=A2$O2&V5.?Y:5K2K[`3QK\;2/N-.4M2;/=7Z?`H!0@%`*`

IJ.MX'O1MJM;_MP


M/2]1NGE[T7N*Z53
:GE+[(X.7;+PQ[.(AQE6]'=-NF5*+N3IMLI1+-OQ^WR8


M[*ON*9(7QH7I
^#

ZMI?#^)!

W!S)^]VZ-__`%-Y`F-*!\UK


MQ1IN\LJ]G5=*O!PFM::P9C.XVYF&[58[(R;-+NW;(#0(CL_

-#BM1

M\E6BN\Q:JUMF*QT_;3AM_J?7H


-_*RC;\$.%M/''0L-#CA@


J.AU2@7/;T*N`T)TKVMISG!2FL&]

?4==.0-8%WF-*WT-XO<B[\L\@9

M\_2E.GG5=N


=Y)+#JPG0=?I4%:#0Z:U


&I4UD*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0

%.A=W6G2UO;T$SF&<




.MFGMP.WW





M+-.EJ+CK;;_4%
EU6JE`%.HZB2-:D\CN9U(RC)XX:C7/K)D%I85Z-Q;P4'5Q





R'!-TW7LEM;!E)M[3+L`.EI/6I+

=&F+2T;])
MN_LO[@\EW2A7[!LZ=5.RG$F4R6;RI(2Y)B%SVE!\)T'N-K(&H'$'CQ%9N47T

L

M@%`*`4`H!0'_]2_R@%`*`4`H!0@(\;]]QN&[%V92I[B+QETULFRXJRL!U9



7JI7
5$4K.O?O
MS*SPCL1M+

[?=H=MV6DXSA4!$
MMM(2J[3$5+7IXJ==!.OV:5-T+&C1\



E[#F#

MI7#+_4OD0:W(['=Y

M]Y='R-MY%ZM9/F#4*S=;^_P_PM:/;@0]G6^=;)+T*Y0WX$QA10]%D(4VXE
M23H04J`(T-1



M4:


MS1/6=4GEPKXK9W2FL'#'K
K*_1S


E2Y:CRZ4R%@K]7+1(%8-?.:]71'NKH+GDWI-DV6OS*^


QK&#U-2
C4.BX34


M`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`83GVXF'[98_)R;

MM96T6V%]




MY`]
YYHU?9BFJ.N






MUY!:(EYMTE!;?AS&DNH4E7
:*!_PKXG3C-826*
[8;BY9

&R-O=W-PMK;BF


M+:*K=C;2^#0(]+LM0U]M&O(?








U8K*SC;0X5K

YW<*A:P<GM?TQ




X9C3Y


MVY2GLU%8];\PHQH6UG'Q*3GANBEPKVXZ.HM8JS'.PH!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*


KI6.CI_D






5GBEOCR4=5?&K%
M9Y72M]/BEO?X&@^;/4G

M)C(\CNLYNHVUM'BE+V16V4GL2**-]^XC

+/LLIY!

KRI12J5%IV+YG-_J1ZESKRGE^7RP@M$ZBURWQB_M




QTW&^/IG


M$

ML794N

9+'*GIC9]5MA+U2701R<<Y
M(\N*O*L;-LP\B/!#Q/W(L/I?R
LYK_O+F/\`Z]-Z$_\`R3W?TKZO8:J[0^U*

M+%ZE^HLE*669=+AC'NU)Q]G!![$M3:ZD61WR]6[&[+=+]=I8EKLT5V9.D*(
M`0TRDK4?V#@*L$YJ$7)ZD:+M+6I=UH4::QG-I)=+T%(6S(F[Y]V4#)I#0]J9
M?GLCGHZ24)C174(/EJ$I35-M
;J\4NG$ZQYI
M5=#D44`H#$\SP;$]P;)(Q[

MBM)M/
\XM

M6A+B896G@5^/2GC[39_G5SJ?J589;3\N&FH];W?QL-'Y?E=WZ@7_`.]O
:=C










`'/V&-1HIU0^X#B:R;PE=2W16ME?YVYWM^7+?3A.O)=R'^Z6


:*C4DJ/%3BU'BI:CQ*CQ-3]&C&E%




M*PBM



8U;[7;&%R9\UX]*&FFQU*
M4H_`O64E%-O0D1=M;U+FI&E2BY3DTDEK;905W*[\W3?#.'Y;3KL?#;&MR/B


%O-$9#;YA=W


HOT''+1AVT-E0Y&M]NAP6VWGY#A'LI4^G0J4A(ZE](
MZ1RJ+RVYJ7%1R24::Z#8OJ!R[89#94J
ZLZU[/!MRDVE%:^[N;T+'3M)X5-F




.Y0'TR8


MR/X$D?Q5W6=4J3PAWG[C;?+7I#F&9056ZE^WIO8UC-_V[.UX]!&%'Z@&\CR
MG;DSA-F79H[@+Y2Q)4E2?D4^%Z`GS(J._SE?7PK#M+^_1G)XX4W7GQM:-
?




*5MXGB]R+ERQR+F7
$L:$.&
9KM7^H'?84]=LWBL;<J4D-7FTL%F
B]I3\S*ZC4OMF\8OJEAH]YA]
M_P#U#=T9%WEN8WCMBMUD]]1@QIC+K[_L@Z)#BTNH'41Q.@KRJ9]5<NZDD2=E
MZ)Y9&BE7J5)5,-+BTECT+!Z=?:KO/FV]V(WS)
NL$.T

M4_Z5E6GMDI'/QJ:RR[J7



M

_
ME#E.YYBO%1IZ(+3.6R
=:;G-XMG8^39/:Y3;1MK:/#/M;VMO:WM9[=O-O
IW/RFWX



1L:+QIT'WFM3J?\`U6CKQ)^U.&FA0@%
M`*`B#W*;T8AV^V69
QRRVI.Z.8-+1;E


MM;*=K0=2




P

1[@9'<LKRNY



M;M*L5YM5\AZ&9:)C$V-U\07&'`XGJ'EJGC5`A)QDI+8=PW=M&YHSHR\
XN+Z




MY%R[]K912K27=CK?_P#4J/7U8ZWH6@NHMEL@

MVMD2.ZCN@@[+VG^W



M%MM==V=P




M2=O\`%GUM




ME

-$


O@MNU


JR&0IZ
M5+?65GB=7'WW5:]*4ZZDGE56ITZEQ4P6F3.D\PSRR&R=6IA3HTU@DO=&*WO
M8BYS8GM$P#:2)$NMYBL9?G!2%2;S+;X\=?BF(RL$)TUTZCZC\*MUEE5.W6+
M[TM_R.6N;_4N_P`[FZ=)NC;[(IX2DOSM:^K402[_`*]X[-W7L]BLD.
Q.QNT


M4G@E)+BPCM6]:2+NT'8CN



M4G4L:\3=&:6O!D_RK4IT\VM95/JL



H
M/J-1RFD[#+VG6PX6X^&DM6_/N^TN+:::8:;89;2TRRD(::0`E*4I&@2`.``

TR!P%J`WT6^`%`.RY2^#3#
E[(QVR?5[WH.O7N)G^0[G








PM:U^*6R$=LG^&]Z#K




^3V]2]I<_BF*6#;!


;C
+B5Q


M5_

_P`QA;K1!=Z;W06O


MKG']X@`:5


M5Q'`MY^]++V
PW!FOV';B`[^0I%-QDMZZEBW,J/J60-%.G7XD\J^J5OF
^
M.IH@OXT?
Q\RSG)N0+1VME%5+F2T[98_=4EL6Z*_F6U8EB6/8-C]MQ?%[:U:

MMB
DKT

MVU4SJ`Y&T6FX7ZZVZRVF

5U+==<)4I2C\2:I
I.3

P:?F65W1[%A=H:U8/!#8+CKFF



#TQY

1=F0P$)+Z











?[5I?2^@LKJPFB!0'B



?#'W])UOZ8\FK)+)5ZT?_8K+%_DCLA^
NGJ


M%)4%)(U!!Y@BA^IX%=FYWZ?N.Y5DLZ_83EIQ-='E2)=E?B_5
-N+)*_8*7



7)I)8ME$/=KO

=O27OU)Y^AEU)Y5ES4




6I8U@*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!

MI)'W5\0MJ4-
8I=AE7?



N6VG[BJD_M+(WU!YH60Y9*<'^M4[M-=+UR_M6GV%_K##
9AF-':2Q'


9<M)
M;OX^!I'F#U'O




M@7-=UJCF]IW)D&34LHL:5I3U0C@WOE]3[7I
3'AP65R)<A9T2AMM)4M1)\`!K7Y)I+%GI


WOF]?LU+H1FO:=LXUN_NGC75DN
M8MC4W7(4^#J6U@
QS_]1?/^$&O;*[3]Q56/A6ED5ZC\T/(LKE*F_P!6KW(=



0Y=.Y?CU06^;U=BUL[<=BS8M9&(K/T]FL-
MBB)::E):8CQV$A(U4H@`)2.9-7I*



MYT/PQN]YCB6-:#(LFM=C)3U`3Y;

ZTRN[N_^Q2G
M/^F+E\$?58\DQ[)HRIF.WR!?8B3HJ3`D-R$`GP*FU*`K]A4C-8Q:?4?%W8W%


MZD8+&32




35VRNS_;TM/BEI?R.//4KFIYYF3C3?Z-'
M&
.G[I=KU=!A?=!W;VC:J+






D\*U?%+
M#7&'U2[=2+P*N1R8*`PJ_PY&W^*O*CY)FMDL<E(U






M&GA'R+







M`5^-I:S[A3E-\

MT;P/V
7)X)8L]


=F'V(9;FYHZTK@MTCJ8BDC]T'K4/
I






%36N7P-V^BV0_N+VI?37=I+AC_`%R^



MKI0VTV.I2B?_``\:^9S4(N4G@D9%I:5;NM&C1BY3FTDEK;90MW
=P-SWRS%Q







W1I/&C1;C'#5*



D^%



M1(%2=:K&E!SEJ1KG*














M4?


]O/V5Q15-U
5#3Q*7Y98K6_837[+MZ[MNQM]-M63R3-R

MK)M+9&2\271I3763)J6-7F&Y[GN






]




*@V5)
M*23KH=*M&27LJB=*3QPU=1S=ZP\I4+*4
PMXJ*J2X9I:N+6I);
=.)9#5@-&

;5JU*C3QX8X:FHZ.+^[#$W;6850KP[YM_IN&6N%MAAUU<@9'?&Q*R*=%6

M4?CU%4MHO&63[E$MD#(;@U*N\EJ














2TV*(Y
G/J



8N322


MV[^9S+SUZHU+_`(K3+FZ=!:'):)3ZOMC[



EW`R6=D613G[YD-\D=3SRM5

MHN]\/YG-?J/ZCU




MW



HK2\&\5)+;TEC&


DO%(UZ6VV2KB?#J('QJ?K7U&BL9279I-'






?PCT^=2&4Y=Y*\R:[




PH;


MR*Z$B&7ZBMUC


MC\*^
\O.)JE'9K
OT:Y5=&G+
ZR[T^[3Q^W;+^[4N@K2JO&^#;NV6([K;EB3








GV
M;AG$T

M.K-06UF^




MV9RY;2[;3_;N128^89+'5ZH_4-%0XZAR7I\ZAQ'RCCJ:@


K^.
==.#^K\\NC[5MULJC2AUY?2A*W7%:JZ4@J4=`23XGEQJLZ




M+(38[=NSS*-V1$R;



5LBEH7%JPZRCBJ:=;$Z.V/L^N.Z[


IU5]N@\:C\RN_


M1LVEFV:[.;5Q=L




ROB5L8M:5GJ]8&BI#J0=?;


I1

69?3R^










FR





0U+@X8AU/!3O%
B4G7]WY$GSUJP9'9XOSI=GS-&^LO-?!&.5T9:7A*

M*RVA+=18S:V0^W^[;T=9;'D.163$[-/R#(KFQ:+/;&E/39\E80A4C7QYD\


+XEM_*+LD?C`U3&:/_+:)

M)\A0(ZVF\$Q^?NGN%





Q4'7H1KS/S*\?

WM?1J1)VI$H!J??';US=+:




M`




M6%Y5G5XC6'$K'+OMTEJ`;C16RO0$Z=2U?*A(UXJ40!7A2HSJRX8+%DOF6:VN





M)*F/G1F(TMYX^26TE2O\!5A;P6)HBE3=2:BM;:7M.NAG-WRG?#=G([O:K?+R












M&19;3MEX\
9O?-Z_9J70B6/81LK_`'#DDK=J_1.NSXNLQ\90ZGTO7$CU/#4:
M$

N_5TSPV0W?W/W%OM6HYG

OIT



M_P#R5-:[



5B[+WLRH;H/450


M9M7(N6

W[V4*=V6]2MX=S)G],DJ<P_%NW8VUR2YTJT



M(

][2\^FN1O-
ZI)KN4GYDO[=7ME@B@

UF

MESUGSE7690M8O%4(Z?ZYZ7[N$F!N3N)CFUF'W?
\GD^S;[6T2W'21[LEX_Y;

I/7LBMLGT(Z]^[&Y^1[NYK=
MRR-XE^8OHM\`$EJ)%23[3#8\DCF?$ZFJ+=7
KBHYR.TN7.7[?([*%K06A:WM

M;#A7G26EZOF:


[O..?E1U+7U_P`CIKT=
MY5_:VKS&M'OU=$
=D-_]S]R1`S%L9N^8Y%9L7L
54V[WV6W$A





MPO#



MO*C%\-C;76:4$WS

MZ^CO*[O+QYA57Z='1'';4?\`TK3UX%.8!)``))X`54SI\O.[
MET[8;:
7^[

G1
MIRQHT
L<PNX9A+C
MD6WE@6Y4S7ID21H2-1TH/[HU\:IF;7OGU.&/AC\3KCTNY2_P`-E_GUHX5Z









F):;%$;B0V4@#TMIT*CIS



=




M^MZFR4&O8_YEC53YHX4`H#`[OM=MQ?IYN=ZP:R7.XG3JFR(3*W#IQXJ*=37A

;:GY=*XJ1CN4FE\3


4`H#@+YBN-9

MII7/7FE(-?



1

MJ


F
OY@S'+X.%M7G3B]D9-+V'-8YB&+8A$^@Q;'K?C\/7
M4QX$=MA)^WH`UK[ITH4UA%)&+?9G=7T^.XJ2J2WR;?Q
CKT














MF*ER_E4
OM'PU)Q48I:X4TL&^C'4NTF+W[Y;'L&RB

&^V7=2][?84FU3SJTN4_3WP
MG^C;97W

MBJ




M36/7N2Z6]!V
-O




]AVRSN(8C+W.OT
M0-7O-&TMV-M:='&+8@Z]7$:@OJ'5_*$UY9)9^7#S):Y:NK^9G^L'-2OKM9?1

M;I?&U`]*X\319;)'+K5HFOG+;?SZZB]2TLR/4#/7D^3U:T'A.2X(_P!4M&/9

M5;3EQO$I-[W]ZO\`4//TX39)7NXM@CBV5+;4W)N)]+SH()!#8]3]M4_.;S

J.)X]T

M]^!?Q%BQH



M-/@7BE\#:OI/RI_E
P_=55C1H-/HE/Z5V:V4F
M.R'FF&6U//OK2VRT@%2E+

)3D]_Z;IDSN@Z@\ZD=#&N










)2C%SK5I


M#T.)&M\2+`A

MO;ULTGW#;Q6_9;;BZY&XZVN_3$JA8M;U$=3TQQ)5=.NI2V/6KXL._NU;4G
M+;LZRU\D\L5


MHEAR!A:'4_*UQ3)E)!'XC^6DCPZO.K)D=G@O.EV?

7)I16+9


YXC@GSJLYEF_$G3I/
MK?R.A_3STM=*4;[
H]Y:84WLW2GT[H^TK$)U))))/



M$!DW`.6_#FW$\4
I/3(DIU\5J'0D^05YU9\CL\$ZTMNA?




M[V?ZD[A'$K)






D[IW5@*O6:)+-E)'%FVMKYCPU=6G4GR`JV9):



ME7OTVUDXMNJC-8T;ILF=1TNEY$IG





QZ?\`B+-INZW:3=@
PH5




95BLDR1$Z=$A+C3*O:`\O5H!5C

J62HG[



GJ2*;

MFMK#ELQZ

M?Y/*K-J51^)[:D]D8_E7PQ;+EMO







=N%TNCZY

M)4I2B?










G-0BY/4BHV=I4NZT*-)8SFU%+I9UV-Z=T+GN_N)?\
MTN!4VQ

M.367FS\R6J/Q-?\`JYS:\NLU8T)85:R[V&N-/_[:NK$N=JW'+12OWR[U?WWG
MB
`LDKW




I84TU[*@56Z(L:.2%\RE:






@P\R6_`T=ZXNHK&V


-ZZK6H\`!]^

0W*?`)#









HH+:1G,F=PR;+ZMW/Z%H6^7TKVG8&NM_
MP#97!X']:NL3&<8QV&U#@!Y02I:6$!4-H'J<6K3B$C4DZFKS*=.VIK%X)'&
M%O9W_
%[+RH2JU:DG)X;

M@Y**?P\-4M@Z#QU-53


MAY42;.);=N&\VWVPUMR/











MAV.V?%[(VMJU6.
B)!0XHK7T(\5*/






MP7:_@M)3=W$=R^3[[79
61;\4M,5$-G7@5RT?4.+(\SU`:_J?GE5R
MK\.Q(ZL]&LOIT
R_?7B^![:6##<HPZYRKGB\
M1

JEU;UH*%






MC





ZTXY-/NJCNK/4)

M6T_-K:9;OF5KU`]285:;RW*WPT4N&4XZ.)?;#='IV[-!8Y4^:.%`*`4`H#66







P*?I7S#/_P#M\.N4?F:NR/\`4)VHMWNM8]8+YD;W
M$
.!MN




SVO9E[



@=O%
MV)9W@\:3?

MY8]7['








&%


[M7)X+S%
M[SKJ503MXYFP9#?





M]2.O/26I&604^'9*2?7B1#J*-EFXME]H
SWIRAO$\8#C%OU0]D-W7U?20X^O
M^8Z!P4KAHA/
G[R
NSM9W

M]IL1V:P7:O%
W*N[BA52/U/HU8['A
MTD_.U#M%EB7#W6W@@K7
*TS
:Q:;JIPN$A:9DT*U).IU2A7'7U*\JG
LRIX^


MX9#S?&XJYF2X

5[(98C(\=6)4.2E+-

MK:6G6'O]V5N5N
F[L7FP3T(U7;G(P?)6.:4.-**2/(G2K+#/*#6G%
YZO/1K
M.J53AI.%2.]2P]J9I#=+]0QR3%?MFU&-N0GG4E!R.\A)4CCIU
QT*(/#D5GA


ICP($=(0VVA(X`

(J




EJC\?Y%




M4]R



M]M3



MV3VN:T';W4%.#V/?L:W




]<H4)85)D*2IBSVM^!7T)
M]/5IR'%9\*S(_N
PG@WC\$5*L\AY$M'*


_

90
CNJ4W+*9`'J








*02`/
M5!U

$CWE-07E.D

U[1GZY6RCA3M)8],EA[D23VX[&]G,'DLW*]-2L[N3PME5

\]6\XS&+ITFJ$7]GB_U/2NS`



*-23W:%[R2.W?Z?\`MKCJXT[-[M


@ZDZ_$<16+?64;J&#

6^VQX



M=ZE?XU(TK&C2\,44+,^<<WS''S[B;3V)\,?8L$;;;:;90&VFTM(')`$@?<*
MRLM2DY/%O$\Z'X*`4`H!0@%`0KWP[

/W9RFWY79[@G#)SSO\`]U)BL!2)


03;[TDB/OO7SA%JWMYREL<FHK
LZ9?Y]UVSR:'#LLYT

MQP[V&UK8]^P^?$_TXYQF




?Z8ZD;&K((
4!%KN2[8
N-NJ3_;VTN/9Q-</;AI99)MMMAANT^.
M




]

MO
\G/LQVA[8[1/L7E3\NRMH`MWNYI2I+M!J8S`]#KKHKBK3QJ:M
JI6^G7




S]9\IH4W^VC.K/=AP+V

LS2%S?)N$$VL%CA/
MZ7AT%7%L[#-^IER:ASX5HM
[3
MH*X]8<BA3<H2G.6&B/UCVO0BX/;#;ZS;6X/8
(L:1])9HX0])Z0E4A]7J=?


MJ4W!R&&N
2


MJ;_J3Q/L#_;U5@_XZY^QER__`'[(/_\`




MC3='*TW)Z/








):$
IOJ1*,I9=E\\,-%2HG[81?_,^Q%I0``````&@`
MY`593GL_:`4`H!0@%`*`4`H#__1O\H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`


MZ#L262S6[';/;+#:(R8=KL\5J'`BHY(:92$)'[!SJ^P@H145J1Q)=W52ZK3K
9!J$)'BI1T`'G7G5JQI0<I:D9^69=6S&YIVU%8S

E2HT;75

CTL


MR@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`




MX=-3IKH!S)\`-:@*=-U)*


_JYYF%2[J?4^ZOMB
MOOXVFT*R2OB@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4!__T[_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4
M`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0

Y+



M2?

MBD`]



MRZ6^S6J

7)I+6SHBYN*=M2E5J/,4VWN
M2UG87[?]HH.S&VUGQ5I%WEY(F9--1_QISJ1[FA\4H^1/P'QJ]V-JK:DH[=O

9W#\[L%N@M7:];-V5F%4%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`
MH!0@%`*`4!1QWK;QO;C;FR



MV);#8[9C5EM6/V:

M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`




MD\



M68504`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__UK_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`
M*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__U[_*`4`H!0@
M%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4
M`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`
M4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`__T+_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H
M!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%
M`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`
MH!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@
M%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__T;_*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0
M@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*
M`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!
M0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`
E*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`4`H!0@%`*`__V3\_
`
end







begin 644 g333034.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$!+@$N``#__@`S35)
3%]'4D%02$E#4SI;0T]#02U#
M3TQ!74M!5$A97TY?5T%
3$527TM?4TE'+D504__;`$
``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`?_;`$
!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`?_``!$(`P`NP,!(@`

M`P`!`@8!!`(#`0````4#!`8'`0((``D1$A
4%2$Q019188$7(R*AL?#_Q``4
M`0$`````````````````````_\0`%!$!`````````````````````/_:``P#
M`0`$0,1`#\`]_'F?H3T1$+$ONY*)ANOW]_0@2`YM*1L%U=Q44GMB-2$AUD

MXJ&TO5K+YJIJXK[L4JUA=+U
MJ7QEVV7LB
MQPRS*&51RW6AG69


!$I%#)0]&-;!)J#J\'V'

MYQC]YQC^/SGV_.?UC_?D
L6QX#44(D]EVE-(O7E?0H.ZD$OFLS-CXY%XR#8X



M:KOL5@6N2'$Y&?EDP:1J



9(.'AV4H%$\.U8Q&'+39BJ&W/#P\S)V7

MZ;O?EO\`?#37+C*?@:;\/

M7OOT](#7T@-#`\-ST[?MY






Z[N

MKJW.


`.5)(](M/9=#!5D5+

'
MT3#NGK
;3
O%.2^563FN:RA]$TF!
APILI)Y\K9D^GLUF
[P:-
MR:0HZ&C%NZQ1[D

MRD/L)@W;RH239QLL0!BY`
)M#XH2YW&CR;=C[-L6A452U[1-65Y2U41EC#:T




MHOEE1\[@*$RD)97
M8@S5DS$G.2
*B4SF16?G()!M2&J(Z+11]+31$R42'#]


M/X\37UQS)1W(M5=B=8M^ANGZI`J+L;H[H:CJ=L\1%H/:-G.FB9,\=C1]WS
M=TU1.+B.-!

==1FJ8'/)
?%U_
M`N@:EO:8PT0D.6#V^C3)ES-(E6L[3((K?-@JMD

:KY4@KZ7DL^8T<!U=N7R[./


4U&DNL&W)\*0RE

GPMFY9,9U<]KSF36M;LM:)/M4R&S$W84SD#@
M;L^2;.<\
M-F([735@V#72!L*Y

0

M(&T
KR/02
\0VSC.R+MD\26:N4LYQC.4U
MTE-
YQC.=??&
Z!6;HMZBF[)DC9P
M*.3..F5G&NAZDJ:Z




M;3'_`)'TM**1QQ#['VF2T\T


/6H?(O]%2YDI8#4])-I\]M.2G7I
M4S



MN


MC4=#L4L?$J\*'#;EB+'M4M??91P[=HHZ:XSMMOC&/?S(=
]@Z]36..SS-&
S
MGF

MZV?E)_`%NJ+)I)[JJ;?`GIKMOOOOC.FNNNF



)

MK%@U;MD-

$!08'``)$1(3%!4AA8Q89$B05&!

F*V\/_:``@!`0``/P#OX\\`0$`$/GX'_$!`?\P$`$/^PAY;





M=

2XF0[4#'!4YD5;





X=M1.
MM6:+(H!?SH<J8GL._-EG)/PRYCLF.M5C'SG`JK(IWR\<V7<*-W*K1SJ?T`_

M+JI'*#C[?VD55$\F]0[-2!G_`&NTY5-=$:S[?NJWS9`[4[%HDPTJ@X1KK0(U






MI=1B[%:S


M^U]L#
\)9Q#M-

W`&
8Z+YE)L7;21:*?2JR?HN6BJ:2B)DB
M.&\^#_\`M_A\@)B%$/Y&.4IO]!']?[OX^)[])+C]\N1=*Z'5
H9YUCW!W5T$

MOUA;3-I&Z]U^SU1[3#O3.SK1G-_!VDZ4QYTIL


(ZMON+]--08(.7C7.ZM[%^@;
M
1)8Z;:
:QN&T3$JW)O$@2_YG[DQL#R/;`5P0J2JYQ62.)T!\K-[=!SQ[E^
M=D=+%;TSMOFO7^&;0X7
+:+9:OC
VKU#SX9RJ4$D#RMD@GN\U6+
[46
NY.U
MCFA$W#E(%MF\

M

[O[YYT^5T5$#DCZ


MDL[]1J@WN'M@]G-M4E%G9#`Y9QW4%NJ`2$BY55^E(&;:GBS^I8Y`1CH]N/\`
M92*4?+)R#
P'0

Z0HF


M2I
^U^DIF6+/G&]^ROIK0OW





M[%7.&



;(2

(`/S
M\``F$0^?GZ0#]?D`\Y)=6=N`Y0Q_VCN)
643WYU?LZTV4&IC?/)LOKDWZYJ
MC,OGBI#NP@3\UGH-K:.62RL8JP5:O$R!'.1.AU:STG4*1!SMXL[VK
#5(&8
MG+%:YE1E&

5-(3!39[H5
M(UBATW3\UM$-=\^T*LPERI-PKCU.3@;-5K''-Y:#G(A^A\I.X^2CG3=TV6+\
J*/)*07!1X_=*'<NUUECF.*X=/X:M=A]I7
R!P;B7E+E^<UFRX!A5`RV:W&7)-:@Z


Z=M&N3M:@6]8KCZ]WN=
#



B5Y






4D*\RB
];
MTVH759DX-]J2GH.7CHJX'

M9(3(*?G6HV`]9385C29F

*4^5=3:+.$N#EO(O%JY(/)5%%E(J1KE=


M)K
/JVA8!;#+)0#R7CV$JZATW98YQ)


M`````H'0$&`@4+`P3_Q``U$``!!`
``@$!!@4#`P4````%`P0&!P$``)

6DX;!*

M/-!+MG

?IGYQG
H%'P9U0LD%

MWQ]6FJ[A%';?'S]/SKA7?3.V/G]
YQC./G.
?OGR/
'/,HM;T)2DRNV&LZZN65U-7<DMF`#\
MK[

M+F'DKGG$BAA



K[9XAW'[
M-%=%:1/D.GZ0CU&]QO[:O(W8E_\`2'25I<UV(%IF47S+F[LY+G[V^#:*4:-(
M[8^!B

M_P#3Y^

=&R_24$:ELH7%PS^JX5

7T=5C[\NLY:CC2Y-!J

M?X6-AY5V!-I8.J)M+'&[V41#ER#S!\QA@0@_T;C61(O

`




_KC/]\9_7']?.E/+(KT?-1%;/YS#V5AR`8^-@8&
M[DP-M

8^?Z?'S\
M_P/-/M7^QBS+A]R/1/KSA$!@CRAN6.9X9/K=M3=^:4G3&];$?18G%(.P32(
M:Q[\A5ALC56=M-PRQ-,F))+J&VVB*8I?NWM)[_EOT:Y1&57!HW:-R]6]E4?
MS'!X!(791GA\(G)E56?2!DJ+=





MO2#1U==T@[!CH*







FL
NJS_8=2E&<_M[^$SGHJ$<BUL)!Y:5!6/+H6

XY.ZR?4A.:1:RI!Q6\MG$]A-42]`XZ'DT

`:'/@KE)KAW'



;_+MVWUVJ0]



/KZ85
[

$WU`5_(LG93+&#J^9=7Q9\





S:TCDGKSXW)&G6_WK


M77;7.JFV




MF5E--$E'&6S=#?+9L@BW^$L1F[S]4W(/L9
U#*NB(Y.$IK1SB19KV=5=8\GJ



M[W[GHOUT\R3WJ3H(H]:PN':




841A2\I


_&99.OW$NKJ


M!&5NU2DRG+



^M

M3VPDHGOAPIG[_=QY(G[+I69@-ZPFG1
R^EQ9';_0U^]43Q_NG]+EP1DDY=P0





_'SCY_OY\]7VM0#K/TQ#/8_SG3D.'S_@_W#''




!V3\_
`
end







begin 644 g897458.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$!@P&#``#__@`P35)
3%]'4D%02$E#4SI;0T]#02U#
M3TQ!74=!4EE?4%]&05E!4D1?4TE'+D504__;`$
``0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

M`@

UC

M


R.`U#=\%Y1I.O)AUQUK,3L9R=HRF7HG9:EJT)EF2$AN+
MH:<D-E8I2L*!UU78-O






C`EX'#18`(5EDTFTRE!-NA



M]5N67_;&$$I*

3T6'3`?%).\C3HQH6:



I


]=%7B]T=&R@-1U7+I-



M5KS_`*V7:FSN3&6]2U61CER3'2OHE4@V%&)77%=/&

MJKKJ)HHHI[JJJK*:I))))ZYW4555WSC1-)/37;=13;.-=--=ML_C&?.3;N:U

+7C\*B748J&1_P#526:VWTH9

MI*;I[Z[95]?UD6/V+;


M27WWIE=+&VFF5-
;*YSJGC.V

8S
MGQ=?77LZH/D6P!M-OX9?705YNX$5MPM2/+-3$;BL6&4Z$R^1(VS8#9$D`CD'






M.FB]96;U7:=GL#EB4?0Y`G]PC#*/B)B



N=^2R&?7%Q1'JWM



W()ZES';7L%N<%2T&CUE7555$[,A-T=(SNV'4AF,8I*C:8IF(
M1_$UG]G;.5P=.=3=:R^V(K!61@2@UE`N5RU?4=8GUT<3^YZO^4.HJ\Y(J6N




MO9\].E@:%@EY



HG0B8QMX.


M
EYI:-LTY806SHC


M[=ZH:Z-DU=&Z::6LMM-6S&]:SQ6EQT'*VVG$9!FLQUEDS@6NW4Y_;'.L62G)
M.

M'2][GF35A(KIN^6(--9-*5A[-/1K'(B&;
V
/J^!L

GI


M'OFZ[1XU6507243WVUS\JNZY@-1PB
5I5L+BM=5[Q+8#$81``N+Q2

ML-10(`&;
Q@M@A]6^VC9HV23^O=17;&RJBF^TS\I9!^/]`W;=U]LSZQ7MC2N





MBOG;68VZ6KV#
VCK4J0_27!YVH:N^7J-JOGNIAKH57=0PD%!HL@0=8?F'+`*


MJ6?9]/#[([1DY.Z;)QD'8S&-OUTDY()CIV5169#P6\H!Y?QI^:9AM9*&E7
M;Z+%@
B0&FF



`YUI4
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DebtAndBorrowingArrangementsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndInvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardIssuedAndEstimatedFairValueOfAwardAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEstimatedFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityShareBasedPaymentRelatedToServicePriorToAcquisitionDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityShareBasedPaymentRelatedToServicePriorToAcquisitionDateNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ConversionOfPerformanceShareUnitTargetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityShareBasedPaymentRelatedToServicePriorToAcquisitionDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcquisitionsAndInvestmentsPrincipallyBeverageAndBottlingCompaniesAndTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcceleratedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetChangeInOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowOperatingCapitalTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndInvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsMarketableSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationIntangibleAssetsNotAmortizable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAmortizableIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesAccountsPayableAndAccruedExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentLiabilitiesLoansAndNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNoncurrentLiabilitiesLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationProjectedBenefitObligationAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationOtherNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationLiabilitiesAssumed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationAssetsAcquiredLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillAmountAfterDeductionOfNetLiabilitiesAssumed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationAcquisitionOfLessThan100PercentNoncontrollingInterestFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationCurrentAssetsReceivablesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationGoodwillExpectedTaxDeductibleAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationBadDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsWeightedAverageEstimatedUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationBenefitPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherAdjustmentsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidForUnfundedPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlansWithBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanPortionOfProjectedPensionBenefitObligationPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanPortionOfProjectedPensionPlanAssetsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanSettlementsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherAdjustmentsPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidForUnfundedPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProductivityIntegrationAndRestructuringInitiativesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RestructuringCostsProductivityInitiativesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RestructuringCostsIntegrationInitiativesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_InventoriesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidForUnfundedPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidForUnfundedPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableTradeCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CustomerDepositsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetGainOnExchangeOfEquitySecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetGainsFromInvesteeTransactionsAndEquityInvestmentSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostmethodInvestmentsOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_EquityMethodInvestmentsOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_UnusualOrInfrequentEventCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AssetImpairmentChargesOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AssetImpairmentsAssetsMeasuredAtFairValueOnNonrecurringBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PremiumPaidForOwnershipInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOrLossOnSaleOfPreviouslyUnissuedStockByEquityInvestee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FairValueMeasurementWithUnobservableInputsPurchasedAnnuityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GainOnExchangeOfEquitySecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GainLossOnAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DivestituresLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_CashCashEquivalentsAndShortTermInvestmentsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradeReceivablesHeldForSaleNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoriesPropertyHeldForSaleCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSalePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BottlersFranchiseRightsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherIntangibleAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AllowanceForReductionOfAssetsHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AccountsPayableAndAccruedExpensesHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LoansAndNotesPayableHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_CurrentMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AccruedIncomeTaxesHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LongTermDebtHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherLiabilitiesHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DeferredIncomeTaxesHeldForSale'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProceedsFromDivestitureActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PercentageOfSaleOfInvestmentsInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndDivestitureCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LowEndOfRangeLittleOrNoDefenseOrIndemnityCostsThatWillNotBeCovered'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_HighEndOfRangeLittleOrNoDefenseOrIndemnityCostsThatWillNotBeCovered'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PeriodForWhichDefenseAndIndemnityCostsAreInSameRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GuarantorObligationMaximumExposureVie'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LegalContingenciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingencyInsurancePolicyPurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ThirdPartyNumberOfPendingActiveClaims'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingencyCountersuitNumberOfPartiesPlaintiff'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingencyCountersuitNumberOfPartiesDefendant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingencyDamagesSoughtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingencyInsuranceRecoverablePolicyLimitPercentCovered'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RiskManagementProgramsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LossContingenciesRiskInsuranceReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_WorkforceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NumberOfAssociates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NumberOfAssociatesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_CollectiveBargainingAgreementsPeriodLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_CollectiveBargainingAgreementsPeriodHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ValuationAllowanceRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ValuationAllowanceRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesReservesOfBusinessesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostExcludingSettlementCurtailmentAndSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetPriorServiceCostRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsThatWillBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossInNextFiscalYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsThatWillBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostTenYearAnnualizedReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostFifteenYearAnnualizedReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAnnualizedReturnOnAssetsSinceInception'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostExcludingSettlementCurtailmentAndSpecialTerminationBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlements1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCostOfProvidingSpecialOrContractualTerminationBenefitRecognizedDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetPriorServiceCostRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanNetPriorServiceCostCreditArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsThatWillBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossInNextFiscalYearAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsThatWillBeAmortizedFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossInNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfNetGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeNetUnrealizedGainLossOnAvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentForSaleOfSecuritiesIncludedInNetIncomeBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCreditAndActuarialGainsOrLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentForSaleOfSecuritiesIncludedInNetIncomeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesTaxPortionAttributableToParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_Othercomprehensiveincomeamortizationofdefinedbenefitplannetpriorservicecostrecognizedinnetperiodicpensioncostandactuarilalossorgaintax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativesQualifyingAsHedgesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAvailableforsaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentForSaleOfSecuritiesIncludedInNetIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeNetUnrealizedGainLossOnAvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeReclassificationOfDefinedBenefitPlansNetGainLossAndActuarialChangesRecognizedInNetPeriodicBenefitCostNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_StockCompensationPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsAndMethodologyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2012'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableAndIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPaidInCashEquivalentInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumberAtTarget'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedAndReleaseInPeriodAtTarget'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPaidInCashEquivalentInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceShareUnitProjectedPayoutPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriodAfterModification'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriodAfterModificationTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceShareUnitThresholdAwardLevelNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceShareUnitMaximunAwardLevelNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsPaidInCashEquivalentInPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardPerformancePeriodLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardPerformancePeriodHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformanceShareUnitAdditionalUnitsGrantedMaximumPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcceleratedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardPerformancePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteHoldingPeriodAwardsGrantedBefore2008'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteHoldingPeriodAwardsGranted2008AndBeyond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteStockSplitConversionRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SignificantOperatingAndNonoperatingItemsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnusualOrInfrequentItemsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityEntityMaximumLossExposureAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_VariableInterestEntityEntityMaximumLossExposureAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsAndFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfProjectedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfFairValueOfPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfAllocationOfPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfAllocationOfOtherPostretirementPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsInAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossToBeRecognizedOverNextFiscalYearTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfHealthCareCostTrendRatesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FairValueAdjustmentOnAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ExchangedDebtAssumed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FairValueAdjustmentsWeightedAverageAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_VariableInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PremiumOnRepaymentOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_LongTermDebtAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentUnamortizedDiscount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueHedgeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DebtIssuedInExchangeOfAssumedDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PremiumOnExchangeOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetChargeOnExchangeRepaymentOrExtinguishmentOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RepaymentAssumedDebtUnamortizedFairValueAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationNotesPayableAndLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MaturitiesOfLongTermDebtAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IntangibleAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_TranslationAndRemeasurementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OfficialExchangeRateSetByGovernmentForEssentialGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OfficialExchangeRateSetByGovernmentForNonEssentialGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RemeasurementChargesOnSubsidiaryAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_MonetaryAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_MonetaryLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IntangibleAssetsAndAccountsReceivableCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeIneffectivePortionAndAmountExcludedFromEffectivenessTestingNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInIncomeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfAvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossRealizedLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SolvencyFundsOfInsuranceCaptive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfOperationsInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountPoliciesTextBlock'


 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAndCostMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HeldToMaturitySecuritiesFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAndCostMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketableSecuritiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAndCostMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_HeldToMaturitySecuritiesFairValue'

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P
M9&5B961E.#@B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@



T0B5V]R:W-H



T0B5V]R:W-H

241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?4TA!

T0B5V]R





M455)4TE424].4U]!3D1?1$E615-425154D53/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z



M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^24Y615-4345.5%,\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@

M
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC

O
M4VAE970Q



&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H
M965T
30N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M.DYA;64^24Y404Y'24)
15]!4U-%5%






3@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E




O4VAE970R

M/D]42$527T-/35!214A%3E-)5D5?24Y#3TU%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z











M+U-H965T
C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

M4U5-34%265]/1E]324=.248Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970S



O4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



O4VAE970S






M4D]015)465]03$%.5%]!3D1?15%525!-14Y47U0\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\

M97


M54Y44U]005E!0DQ%7T%.1%]!0T-2545$7T4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z


X+FAT

M:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1$55%]!3D1?0D]24D]724Y'7T%24D%.
M1T5-14Y4



O4VAE970T
M


O4VAE970T

M86UE/E!%3E-)3TY?04Y$7T]42$527U!/4U12151)4D5-13$\+W@Z3F%M93X-


T0B


M


O4VAE970T


M86)L97



M151?0TA!3D=%7TE.7T]015)!5$E.1U]!4U-%5%
Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@






M86UE/D)54TE.15-37T%.1%]354U-05)97T]&7U-)1TY)1C0\+W@Z3F%M93X-







M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^04-154E3
M251)3TY37T%.1%]$259%4U1)5%5215-?

#I.86UE/DE.5D535$U%
M3E137T1E=&%I;'-?



O4VAE970V
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS
M:&5E='
O4VAE970V




O4VAE970V
RYH


#I.86UE/DE.5D5.5$]2
M24537T1E=&%I;'















M0DQ%7T%34T544U]$971A:6QS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M04)
15]!3D1?04-#4E5%1%]%
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K












M5$A%4E]03U-44D5425)%344V/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*

M:&5E='
O4VAE970X


M($A2968]


O4VAE970X-2YH


\







M7U9!3%5%7TU%05-54D5-14Y44U]$971A:6PQ/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z





O4VAE970Y
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z17AC96Q7


M.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC


M.DYA;64^3U!%4D%424Y'7U-%1TU%3E137T1E=&%I;'


M968]

O4VAE
6QE<VAE970@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K



&UL


P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D96)E9&4X



]
T1R97!O




]



]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(%)E9VES=')A


]
T1T97AT/C`P
#`P


]






]




M
C`Q

]
T1T

]

]


]



]





]
T1T

]
M

]

]






]

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
38W+#$P

V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@24Y#3TU%(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G

]

]

M

]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]

]




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]



]
T1N=6UP/C(X+#

]
M


T1T;W`^

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#0R



]



M


]

]
M

]
T1F;CX\+W1D/@T*



]

]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C0W

]
T1N=6UP/C0X
SQS

]
T1N=6UP/C













2PP



]


]

]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

]






]


]
M




]






]

]
T1R974^#0H@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PP
M








]


T1T;W`^1$E


]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]





]
T1N=6UP



]

M
T1T;W`^0V%L8W5L871E9!B87-E9!O;B!N970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T


P
&)?-&)E






]

T1)1#!%441!13X-B`@(`@(#QT





T1T;W`^0T].4T]

]




]

]


]


]






]






]





]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P-3QS


]





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?
M-F$U


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4




M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\









]




M/E1/5$%
($-!4T@L($-!4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%
@04Y$(%-(3U)4+51%4DT@
M24Y615-4345.5%

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S+#@Y


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0L


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L


]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S@Q

M






]





]

C



M3D-)4$%






]
T1N=6UP/C





]

M3D1%1DE.251%($Q)5D53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M


M($E.1$5&24Y)5$4@3$E615


]

]





T1T
M;W`^5$]404P@05-31513/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M








38L
M

M;7`^



@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E


]


]

]


]
T1R;W4^#0H@

M14Y4($Q)04))3$E42453/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




]










02!#


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D






]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
M+#

M86QI9VX]




]
T1N=6T^*#
L




S4L
#`Y





S$L-C





]


]
T1R974^



]

V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V



04

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64@*&EN





]





]

BPU


#8N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$






SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'

2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]

]
M

]
M

]




2PX








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


2PP







]
M
T1N=6UP/C$U


]




M;W-S97

3










T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H


2PX.3
I/'-P86X^



]

]



]

]


]



]

]
T1N


]


]





]
T1N=6T^*#4L
C8V*3QS



]
T1N=6UP/C4V


















M:&5R(&EN=F5S=&EN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





]










34L
C4Q/'-P




]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#0P




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-C8V




M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#DV











BPR
S0I/'-P86X^

RPT-C4I


M($-!4T@@15%5259!3$5.5%








]
T1N=6UP/C0L
C@V/'-P

2PT

M=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]







M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A






]

T1)1#!%


M/3-$=&@^5&]T86P\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M5$]404P@15%52519($%45%))0E5404)
12!43R!32$%214]73D524R!/1B!4
M2$4@0T]#02U#3TQ!($-/35!!3ED\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


]
T1T:#Y214E.5D535$5$($5!4DY)3D=3/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]


M9VX]

N
M(#

2PV




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!B

#`Y




]


]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N



#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^



]




]


]


]

]
M









C
W






]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C
X


]


]


]




#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]

M
2XP

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6T^
M*#0L

]
M


M9VX]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#8W







S$L


\+W1D








]



]


]


]


]


]


]











]

]


]


]


]


]
M


]


]


]


]




N(#


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#


]






2P@
C`Q
#PO











]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]













]


]


]


]


\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]



]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP






















]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

@;V8@
M5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP86YY/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]


]



M)#$N
#(L(0P+CDT(&%N9`D
XX.!I;B`R
#$R+`R,#$Q(&%N9`R
#$P






]


]


]


]
T1T97AT


T1T







M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T+#
W




($5154E462!!5%1224)5

]
T1R




T1T;W`^3F5T(&9O














]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#

]
M









M

]



]

]


]


]


]



]



3`L
S




S$L



T1T;W`^

N(#
Q

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1T



]


]


]


]

]
T1P

M;B!S:&%R97


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C$I











]


]


]


]



M86-E;65N=!S:&%R92UB87-E9!A=V%R9'
@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I
M;VX@=VET:!A;B!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S






]


]


]










]
T1N=6UP/CDL







M87)E(.*`E`D,2XP,BP@)#`N.30@86YD(0P+C@X(&EN(#(P
3(L(#(P
3$@
M86YD(#(P


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]












S(L-SDP/'-P











]
M


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C





]


]


]


]












@8GD@;F]N8V]N










@8V]M8FEN871I;VYS










]

]


]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3@L
#0U/'-P86X^



N(#


]


]


]

#@N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C




]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V1C
M-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A





]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]


24-)15

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




M34%262!/1B!324=.249)0T%.5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453/]F;VYT

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



@=V%T97)S+!E;FAA;F-E9!W871E


@9')I;FMS

M

'!T.SX@;V8@=&AE

@=&]P(&9I=F4@;F]N86QC;VAO;&EC('-P87)K;&EN9R!B979E

Z($-O8V$M0V]L82P@1&EE=!#;VME+!&86YT82!A;F0@


6QE/3-$;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HX<'@[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



L

F(S$V
#LF(S@R
6QE/3-$9F]N

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
















M;W)T:!!;65R:6-A(@B0T-.02(I(&]P97)A=&EO;G




L



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


L(&EN

@*'=E(')E9F5R('1O('1H:7









M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M












M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M93HQ


@=VET

M97

@9&ER96-T;'D@;W(L(&EN('-O;64@8V%S
M97


N($]U




7)U<',L('=H:6-H('1H97D@<V5L;!T;R!F


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@86YD(&1I



L(')E861Y
M+71O+61R:6YK('1E87
@86YD(&-O9F9E97














T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P





@:6X@;W5R

@87)E(&)A


M;6%T97



M;W(@:6YV97-T;65N='

M9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN9FQU96YC92!O=F5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!A;F0@9FEN86YC


M;G0@:6YC;'5D97









M

'!T.SY%9F9E8W1I



M+B!4:&4@;6%R:V5T+7)E;&%T960@=F%L=64@;V8@87-S971S(&ES('5S960@
M=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W



M:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]V97(@;F\@;6]R92!T:&%N(&9I



M;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97

M8FQE(&%S(&ET(&%C8V5L97)A=&5S('1H92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!G86EN






M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3(L(&%N9!T:&4@861D
M:71I;VYA;!S:&%R97



@

M960@87
@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&%B;W9E

M86EN(&]T:&5R(&%M;W5N='
@:6X@=&AE('!R:6]R('EE87)S)R!C;VYS;VQI
M9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@86YD(&YO=&5S(&AA=F4@8F5E























#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M

'!T.SXN($%L=&AO





Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@;W5R($-O;7!A;GD@:&]L9'
@:6YT97)E





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3DY



'!T.SX@87


M
#`P

38P.S
Q

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






@;V8@;W5R(%9)17
@9&\@;F]T






M:6

6QE/3-$9F]N


M('1H92!A8W1I;VXL(&-O;6UI='
@=&\@82!P;&%N('1O('-E;&P@=&AE(&%S

M=7`I(&ES(&%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@:6UM961I871E('-A;&4@:6X@:71S('!R





M86YC97







@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@








M960@87







@







L(&-H86YG97
@:6X@

@

[
M(&-H86YG97













M9W)A;3L@86X@:6YA8FEL:71Y('1O(')E;F5W(&-O;&QE8W1I=F4@8F%R9V%I






M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M











M8W5S=&]M97)S)R!L;V-A=&EO;G
L(&%S(&1E=&5R;6EN960@8GD@=&AE('-P




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M96EG:'0Z
F4Z
M

M97

M=FET:65S+!V;VQU;64M8F%S960@:6YC96YT:79E('!R;V=R86US(&%N9!S



M871E;65N='




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@=&\@


@:6YT96YD960@






@86YD(&]T:&5R

@
M86YD(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&1E9'5C=&EO;G
@9G)O;2!R979E;G5E+B!4:&4@




#`P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^.3`@;6EL

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3
W(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR



3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


@9G)O;2!R979E;G5E(')E8V]R9&5D(&)Y('1H





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M







3!P=#L^3W5R($-O;7!A;GD@97AP96YS97









#`P

M.SXS+C

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
RXS(&)I;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ


3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q



#`P
#`P.W1E



M





3!P

#`P


38P.S



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T











3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O




@

@9&ES

@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!L:6YE(&ET



M=7(@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@0T-%)W






M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







#`P




M960@=&\@9FEN:7-H960@9V]O9'





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M(AA<R!A9&IU<W1E9D@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR














L





M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P=#L^(&UO

#`P
#MT

3!P=#L^('EE87(@87
@




M:71Y('1O(&5X97)C:7-E('-I9VYI9FEC86YT(&EN9FQU96YC92!O=F5R(&]P




M

#`P

M)B

M93HQ





M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97
@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&]T:&5R(&EN8V]M92`H

#LF(S@R

M97

M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97

M960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87
@82!C;VUP;VYE;G0@;V8@86-C=6UU;&%T



L(&]T:&5R(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S



M(S$V



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^26YV97-T;65N='
@:6X@97%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
@




M96-L87)E9X@0V]S=!M971H;V0@:6YV97-T;65N='


M86YC92!S:&5E='
L(&%N9!D:79I9&5N9!I;F-O;64@9G)O;2!C;W-T(&UE


#LF(S@R








M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97
@;V-C=7(L('=E(&5V86QU871E('1H92!F86ER








@






@=V]U





@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO
M9&]L;V=I97


@;W1H







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M.C$R



M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\






3(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A


G!X.W!A


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX
SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








3!P=#L^-#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q.3PO9F]N=#X\






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






2!C;VQS



P
#`P










M

M;&4]

P
#`P




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




#`P

M





P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P

G!X.W!A

M



P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4S/]F;VYT


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^.#
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC




3X\

#`P
M

2!C;VQS





!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O



M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M





M(&)O='1L:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=&\@87-S971S(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4N

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M






M;GDF(S$V
#M3+D$N(@B0V]C82U#;VQA($AE;&QE;FEC(BDL($-O8V$M0V]L
M82!&14U302PF(S$V,#M3+D$N0BX@9&4@0RY6+B`H(D-O8V$M0V]L82!&14U3
M02(I(&%N9!#;V-A+4-O;&$@06UA=&EL($QI;6ET960@*)#;V-A+4-O;&$@
M06UA=&EL(BDN(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97

M96YT;W)I97


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


[










M96YS97

M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O


3(P)3MP
F4Z




M;&QY(&AA=F4@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!R86YG97


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;'








M

3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q



#`P
#`P.W1E



M



F%T:6]N(&5X



#`P

M.28C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M93HQ


M




#`P

M




T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M





3!P=#L^0V5R=&%I;B!E=F5N='
@;W(@8VAA;F=E














M=&4F(S$V



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M861E;6%R:W

38P
M.VEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('=I=&@@9&5F:6YI=&4@;&EV97

M=!T;R!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VXL(@R*28C
38P.VEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S












'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N

3(P)3MP861D:6YG
F4Z










M;65N=!L;W-S+B!4:&4@:6UP86ER;65N=!L;W-S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:7
@












M(&5X8V5E9'

M(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86X@86UO=6YT(&5Q=6%L('1O('1H870@97AC

3(P
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE









3!P

#`P





3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

!P97)C96YT/]F
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F(&]U<B!I;F1E9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@
M87-S971S(&)A;&%N8V4N/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ

@;V8@9V]O9'=I



M:6




M:&5I9VAT.C$R

@









M)W

@:6UP;&EE9!F86ER('9A;'5E+!A



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]M










M/C(P





@=&AA;B`\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





2!I;F-O;64@*&QO<W,I)B,Q-C`[)B,X,C$R.R!N
M970@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&EN8V]M92X\



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M=&\@=&AE:7(@;F%T=7)E+!S=6-H(&QE9V%L('!R;V-E961I;F=S(&%N9!T

@:6YC


@86YD(&%C
M8W)U97



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T









M9VAT+6QI;F4@8F%S:7

3!P=#MC

#`P




M96EG:'0Z
F4Z
M


M86YY)W

M=!V86QU92!O9B!T:&4@97AP96-T960@9&EV:61E;F1S(&YO=!R96-E:79E



M=&5R;6EN97
@:70@:7
@;F\@;&]N9V5R('!R;V)A8FQE('1H870@=V4@=VEL




3(P)3MP861D
F4Z
3!P=#L^3W5R($-O;7!A

@86YD+V]R(&-O;G1R:6)U=&5S('1O('!E;G-I;VX@86YD

M92!B96YE9FET('!L86YS(&-O=F5R:6YG('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL(%4N


#LQ



3!P


M93HQ



M87-S971S(&ES('5S960@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@97AP






38P

@;W5R(&YE=R!M971H;V1O




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O










M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





3$\




#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M96QY+B!4:&4@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@96%R;FEN9W


M86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=!P97)I;V1S('!R97-E;G1E9!I;B!T:&ES(')E

M








L('-T871E+!L;V-A;!A;F0@:6YT97)N871I




@;V8@=&5M






M=&AE(&]U=&-O;64@:7

M97

@870@=&AE('1I;64@=V4@9&5T

M;F4@;V8@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!C;VYD:71I;VYS.B`H
2DF(S$V
#MT:&4@





M;VX@:7

38P.W1H92!T96-H;FEC86P@

M:&]R:71I97

L(')U;&EN9W
@86YD(&-A

@979A;'5A=&5D('=I=&AO=70@











BDF(S$V
#MT

@=6QT

M=&EO;BP@;W(@*#
I)B
Q-C`[=&AE('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G
@

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T






M93HQ

M=6)S:61I87)I97





@9G5N8W1I;VYA



@:&5D9VEN9R!P


M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@;W(@;6]R92!O=F5R(&$@=&AR

3`L(%9E
M;F5Z=65L82!W87



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BXQ



#`P








#`P
#MT


M87


@9G5N




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M92UH96EG:'0Z












38P.S
Q+`R,#$P+!W97)E('1H92!O9F9I8VEA;!R871E
M(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[



N(&1O;&QA





@;V8@



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY3=6)S97%U96YT('1O
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXV+C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M9&]L;&%R+B!4:&4@9V]V97)N;65N=!A;'-O(&%N;F]U;F-E9!T:&%T(&ET








@9&5N;VUI;F%T960@:6X@5F5N
M97IU96QA;B!B;VQI=F%R(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R+!W92!A



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#$S

3(P)3MP









M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@87)E(&1E;F]M:6YA=&5D(&EN(%4N4RX@




@87-S;V-I871E


N($%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M9B!O=7(@86-C;W5N='


@87-S


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


[/E)E8V5N=&QY


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R
M




M(&-H86YG97


M
C`Q
2P@=&AE($9!4T(@:7-S=65D($%352`R
#$Q+3$R('=H:6-H(&1E9F5R

M($%352`R

2P@
C`Q
BP@=VAI8V@@9&ED

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ













#$R+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+V1I

M8S9E-39E7V
P





]

T1)1#!%

M259%4U1)5%5215


]

@



]

M;&4]

M;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

#`P
#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

@04Y$($1)5D53

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@

M9'5S=')I97

N0RX@*)!=6IA;B(I+!O;F4@;V8@=&AE

M92!-:61D;&4@16%S=#L@;W5R(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@36EK=6YI($-O8V$M

M=6%T96UA;&$N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

M92UH96EG:'0Z






'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M=')I8G5T:6]N(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



'!T.SX@:6X@=&]T86P@=F%L=64L(&]F('=H

M.FYO;F4[/C@R

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.SY$=7)I

C`Q



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M26X@861D:71I;VXL('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@86YD(&EN

C`Q



M:'0Z
F4Z
3!P
M=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86-Q=6ER960@1W)E870@4&QA:6YS(&]N($1E8V5M
M8F5R(#



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


R
2!M





M9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&%N9!G;V]D=VEL;X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@9FEN86QI







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)


M=&EO;F%L(&UI;F]R:71Y(&EN=&5R97-T(&EN($-E;G1R86P@2F%P86XN($%S


M(#(P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






Q-C`[3'1D+B`H(FEN
M;F]C96YT(BDN(%1O=&%L(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX@9F]R('1H92!.:61A;B!A
M8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!W87

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M=&AE('1H:7)D('%U87)T97(@;V8@
C`Q


M:6X@:6YN;V-E;G0L('=E(&AA=F4@82!S97)I97



@;V8@:6YN;V-E;G0@9F]R('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O('!O=&5N=&EA


M;W=N960@8GD@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!P=70@86YD(&-A;&P@;W!T:6]N

3!P

#`P






T1F;VYT

'!T.SXN(%1H92!#;VUP86YY

M;6%I;FEN9R!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



#LR-2P@
C`Q





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







38P.W1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@



#`P

M.SXS



BDF(S$V
M
#MC87-H(&-O;G-I9&5R871I;VX[(&%N9`H,RDF(S$V,#MR97!L86-E;65N
M=!A=V%R9'








#`P

M.SXQ






M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC

#`P

W
R!M:6QL


3!P=#L^+!W:&EC:!R969L96-T960@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-PY-S@@
M;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M







'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




M92!M97)G97(@86=R965M96YT+!W92!A9W)E960@=&\@87-S=6UE(0\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&]F($-#12!D96)T+B!);B!T:&4@979E
M;G0@=&AE(&%C='5A;!#0T4@9&5B=!O;B!T:&4@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@9&%T
M92!W87,@;&5S<R!T:&%N('1H92!A9W)E960@86UO=6YT+!W92!A9W)E960@

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



@)#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M




M










@82!L:7-T(&]F(&%L
M;!R97!L86-E;65N=!A=V%R9'

M86QU92!O9B!T:&]S92!A=V%R9'
@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N('=I





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[/DYU;6)E<B!O9CPO9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X






'!T.SY097)F;W)M86YC92!S:&%R92!U;FET

P
#`P
#`[


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+C,\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CPO9F]N


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY2


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




P
#`P

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T




P
#`P






3!P=#L^
30N.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^



'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M93HQ





M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




#`P





'!T.SX\9F]N


@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&%T(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3`P('!E



'!T.SX@;V8@=&%R9V5T(&EN=&\@86X@861J=7-T960@



M('!R:6]R('1O('1H92!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!D871E(&1I=FED960@8GD@=&AE




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M16%C:!#0T4@<W1O8VL@;W!T:6]N(')E<&QA8V5D(&)Y('1H92!#;VUP86YY

@=V%S




@87!P;&EC86)L92!T;R!T:&4@0T-%('-T;V-K
M(&]P=&EO;G




#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M

'!T.SX@9F]R(&%D
6EN9R!T:&4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('-H
&-H86YG92!R871I

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VXN/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY%86-H('-H87)E(&]F


&-H86YG92!R
M871I;RX@06QL(&]F('1H92!R97!L86-E;65N=!S:&%R97


M;F1I=&EO;G

M12!S:&%R97

#LQ
M

4[9F]N=US
2=S(&%C



M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO




#`P

G!X


M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




C`E.V9O;G0M






#`P




3!P=#L^-2PS-S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T

M:'0Z





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#
V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P
M




3(P)3MF;VYT




M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L










#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



M5&EM97


M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ


3X\+W1D


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P



3X\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

T1V





M



M=VED=&@Z

M;&4]




SPO







M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


F4Z.'!T.SY!;6]U;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T


T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!$871E/]F;VYT

P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXT.3PO9F]N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M86X]













T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97
\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV




M;W`Z




3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT



F4Z
M,3!P=#L^3W1H97(@8W5R<F5N=!A<W-E='

M

M;&4]









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z


F4Z
3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
F4Z.'!T.SX\

M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XT/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-2PS.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$











38P



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$


M










T1F

'!T.SXU+#$P
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXU+#(P
#PO9F]N




3(P)3MF;VYT



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^,2PP-S<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M


P
#`P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M






P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]






'!T.SXQ
RPY

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N





M(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ+#@S-#PO9F]N=#X\




3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I








M







3!P=#L^
M)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M93HQ


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XW/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XX
M/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
2PS
3

T1V97)T







3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ+#
Q
M

P
#`P




M

M;&4]


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^
BPV
#
\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


P
#`P
#`[8F%C


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
@87-S=6UE9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MP861D


7!X
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ-2PS-3

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P




#`P




3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^
M
34L

P
#`P

2!C


















G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXH









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#$L

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]

7!X

3(P)3MF;VYT







P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M


P
#`P





3!P=#L^


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M93HQ



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A





M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#@T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXT-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ




3!P=#L^)B


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV+#@Y-3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T




M:6YG/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT
6QE/3-$9F]N

2!R97!O<G1E9!I;B!T:&4@3F]T97
@=&\@

M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






M=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O






@9&ED

38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q+!A;F0@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M

M;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$





M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


C(V(&UI



M
#`P






'!T

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O





N(%1H

M96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!F:6YA;&EZ871I;VX@;V8@=V]R:VEN9R!C87!I=&%L


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ.'!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XU/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z



M='



M='
@:&%V92!B965N(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&\@:&%V92!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI

M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


















#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXV-3`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(&%S(&]F('1H92!A8W%U







M.7!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

F4Z.7!T.SXF(S$V,#MY96%R<RX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO
M=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@




M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/&9O;G0@



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

T1F;VYT


M



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
RPU


M
C
Q)B




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
M




M




M/3-$


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC
M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XY
M/]S=7`^)B







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A




!M:6QL:6]N/]F






@86X@87-S96UB;&5D

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@86QS



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[
BP@
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N








M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
SD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V
#MM;VYT:'



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@


#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^.#0@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N




3!P=#MC

#`P

Q-C`[
M



'!T.SX@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M871I;VXN($EN





C`Q


M;V=R86US('=I=&@@0T-%(&1I9!N;W0@;65E=!T:&4@8W)I=&5R:6$@=&\@

M8W%U:7-I=&EO;BX@26X@
C`Q

M861D:71I;VYA;!C:&%R9V4@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O




I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970@:6X@




3!P=#L^0T-%)W
@9F]R;65R($YO

@8V]N=')I8G5T960@;F5T(')E=F5N=65S

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
RPV



B!M:6QL




#`P
#`P

Q-C`[
BP@
C`Q
#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3`N(%1H

@=6YA=61I=&5D(&-O;G-O;&ED


M)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

M.'!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


C`Q




M:'0Z






2!C




M:'0Z







'!T.SXV+#@S.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





@;V8@


P
#`P


M861D:6YG/3-$





M:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



@;V8@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP

#`P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M(&EN(#(P




M



3X\9&EV('-T



Q-C`[





M
#LQ+`R,#$P+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\9&EV









Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q



3(P)3MP
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE('5N

M9VEV92!E9F9E8W0@=&\@861J=7-T;65N='

@8V]M8FEN871I;VX[

38P






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M







'0M
M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXW,34@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M;G
@:6X@;W)D97(@=&\@9&ES=')I8G5T92!$4%







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^+7EE87(@<F5N97=A;!P97)I;V1S('5N

M86=R965M96YT('=I=&@@1%!3('1O(&EN8VQU9&4@1'(F(S$V
#M097!P97(@
M86YD($1I970@1'(F(S$V


@






M



M;B!R:6=H='

M;RP@*#$I)B


3!P=#L^)B
Q





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



BDF(S$V
#MN


I)B









M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W




3@Y(&UI;&QI;VX\






M




3(P)3MP861D
F4Z
3!P=#L^26X@
C`Q
2P@





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P






#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT

38P.S(L(#(P
3`\+V9O;G0^


M

M('1H92!D:7-P;W-A;!O9B!O=7(@3F]R=V5G:6%N(&%N9!3=V5D:7-H(&)O
M='1L:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G

3!P

#`P


F4Z

M
#`P


M

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HX






M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


X
C$R.R!N970@:6X@

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M960@87

@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




M:6YG('-E9VUE;G0L(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(AI;B!M:6QL









M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M;&4]






P
#`P
M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^2&5L9!F;W(@4V%L

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





7!X('-O;&ED



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





#`P





M;&4]

7!X('-O



P
#`P

M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P


M/3-$



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='
@

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O










M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M







M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S




B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M





G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^










3X\9&EV('-T








6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



'!T.SXF(S@R




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^*#$P-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC





#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR+#DW
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


'!E







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






3X\






3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F











3X\9&EV('-T

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M:'0Z











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



M/3-$




M







M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A




3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M











T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O


P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O





#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

G!X

#`P
M



T1F




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXW.38\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







M87-S:69I960@87
@9&ES8V]N=&EN=65D(&]P97)A=&EO;G




;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@







M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

L
M(&]T:&5R('1H86X@:6YV97-T;65N='









@;VX@879A:6QA8FQE














M9!A(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P





@=')A



T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


2!C



2!C;VQS




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$R/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T0G=F5R=&EC


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^
3

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ








\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M-S



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(V-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR








M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q






M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q






M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1F

T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1V%I;G,\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


;W-S97

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P
M





M8F]L9#L^
C`Q

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I

M

2PR/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




G!X


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.R!R






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#
X.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
L


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



M
#`P




3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,L,C`U/]F


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^-#@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R
#PO9F]N




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0L-3DS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY(96QD+71O+6UA='5R:71Y
M('-E8W5R:71I97



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


'!X.W!A9&1I







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I







M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X





P
#`P



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^
C`Q






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ










M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#`W
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P
M





M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


#`P






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P












T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2PT
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




M
#`P



M

'!T.SY(96QD+71O
M+6UA='5R:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ


#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
3$S

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P








F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#`P.W!A

M


P
#`P


3X\

T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

Q
M-C`[



M:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

M;&4]



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3(L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&UA9&4@82!C:&%N9V4@=&\@:71S(&]V97)A;&P@8V%S:!M
M86YA9V5M96YT('!R;V=R86TN($EN(&%N(&5F9F]R=!T;R!M86YA9V4@8V]U

N(%1H97-E(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S

M
3!P=#L^5&AE('-A;&4@86YD+V]R(&UA='5R:71Y(&]F(&%V86EL86)L92UF




3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O
M=W-P86X]


M/3-$



M


T0G=F5R=&EC



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R






M



M
6QE

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT










M




















B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXI


M



G!X.R!R;W=S




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXS-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



C`Q
X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R










M97-S;65N='

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ-R!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



#`P





I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P



#LQ-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[


M9R`R









M;VQI9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@8F5C875S92!T:&4@87-S971S(&%R

M=&EO;G

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N





M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]M








2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

P
#`P






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

T1F;VYT





P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


CPO





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$=F5R


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N









3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L,#@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X


P
#`P




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXT
3`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+#4Y
SPO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2PT
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P



M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

3!P=#L^
M5&AE(&-O;G1R86-T=6%L(&UA='5R:71I97

M='
@87



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S



M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0W


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^/&9O



38P
M.R8C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SY#;W-T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M


M)B









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


Q

@=&AR;W5G:`Q,8C


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXS

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXS









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X



M(S`P
#`P









#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P
M


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\







#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

G!X


#`P
M



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT

F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R



M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M86-T=6%L(&UA='5R:71I97


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M



@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T
M;65N='

@;V8@:6YC










'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M


M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X


3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E



'!T.SX@
M87

@




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@
C`Q

]



3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M.C$R


@86YD








3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I



M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P
M86X]


M



2!C





P
#`P


G!X


C`Q
CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



6QE/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E










M











'!T.SXQ+#8X
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ+#$Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS
C`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.SXR
30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


3X\



#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
L

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




3




^+RH@1&\@


$5-


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^







T1T;W`^2$5$1TE.1R!44D%.4T%#
M5$E/3E
@04Y$($1%4DE6051)5D4@1DE.04Y#24%


3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^


M



M:W





M;VX@8V]N=')A8W0@:7









@86YD+V]R(&EN9&EC97

F4Z,3!P=#L^
M06QL(&1E<FEV871I=F5S(&%R92!C87)R:65D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@
M;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T<R!I;B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W
M:6YG(&QI;F4@:71E;7

M97






T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M



'!T.SY4:&4@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F;W(@9V%I;G






@;V8@9&5R
M:79A=&EV97






@;W(@:&5D9V5S(&]F

M;FEN9W




@;V8@
M9&5R:79A=&EV97


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O




M87







M97








#`P
#`P.W1E

Q-C`[
38\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXN

M(&%M;W5N='


@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&%B;W9E+B!4:&4@


M9B!T:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV97
L('-U8V@@87

L(&9O










T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@9&5R

M:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

M96EG:'0Z

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


M=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M

Y)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M;W1T;VTZ


M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P




T1N;VYE+SXR
#$R

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M







M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT





M;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M



T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P
M


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0Y,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B8C

M





M/3-$

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T








M;&4]

'!T.SY!8V-O






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='
@




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ









#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)W



M;G

3(P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^0F%L86YC92!3:&5E
M=!


#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF

38P.S


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[






M;VTZ



M/3-$






#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L







'!E;G-E<R!A;F0@;W1H97(@87-S971S



M/3-$

















T1F;VYT+69A





M


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$S.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P




M

T0G=F5R=&EC




M93HQ




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D













G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


38P.SPO9F]N







M







T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M=#HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X












M



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T:6-A




\







M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE

M/3-$









B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M3W1H97(@9&5R:79A=&EV92!I;G-T<G5M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M


P
#`P
#`[




#`P





M/3-$




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P






M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/&9O;G0@




















M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








2!D;W=N9W)A9&4@:6X@8W)E







@=VET

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M=&EO;G





@869F96-T

M97


2!C87-H

@



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A


M=&%I;G











2!O9F9S970@8GD@;&]S<V5S(&EN

M+B!4:&4@=&]T86P@;F]T:6]N86P@=F%L=64@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97
@=&AA




M


M/C4L

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX@87

3!P=#MC

#`P

M
38P.S

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@8V]M;6]D:71I97
@=&\@;6ET:6=A=&4@


M:71H(&9U='5R92!P=7)C:&%S97




M9W)A;2!W87

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C8@

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



2X@1G)O;2!T:6UE
M('1O('1I;64L('=E(&UA;F%G92!O=7(@<FES:R!T;R!I;G1E<F5S=!R871E

M:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='








3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB
M97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


@=6YD97(@



M
#`P

38P.S
Q


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
M
#LS
2P@
C`Q


#`P
M


3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/C(P





'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
F4Z.'!T.SY#;VUP<F5H96YS:79E





M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\





3(P)3MF;VYT

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.SY'86EN(A
;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV




T1T


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T





M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^4F5C;V=N:7IE9!I;B!);F-O
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I









M93HQ









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


M;VTZ







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M/3-$








M







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V












M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
CPO9F]N=#X\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O




3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO





#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R





M







#`P



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CDP/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M

7!X('-O




M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P




M

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


#MP861D


2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXH
C


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


6QE/3-$

M96EG:'0Z

#L\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)






3X\9&EV





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



T1F;VYT



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M

7!X('-O


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C








T1F




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




G!X.W!A











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\





M;W1T;VTZ







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M


T1F



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




'!T.SX\9F]N


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M

'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M

G!X('-O

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO






#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]




#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO


P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



T0P(&-E;&QS



3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

M


3(P)3MF
6QE/3-$




M('-T871E;65N='
@;V8@:6YC;VUE+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

M/3-$=VED=&@Z






M


M

M.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL('1H


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O







M86YY('5S97

@9&5S:6=N

@9G)O;2!F;'5C='5A=&EO;G
@:6X@8F5N8VAM











Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


3(P)3MP861D




@9G)O;2!F
M;'5C='5A=&EO;G



@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97
@


M:79A=&EV97

T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

3!P=#L^

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q


M=')U;65N='




#`P


2P@
C`Q
F4Z
3!P


@;V8@9&5R
M:79A=&EV97



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G9F]N

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
S4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T

;V-A
6QE/3-$

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



F4Z
M.'!T.SY%9F9E8W1I=F5N97-S(%1E<W1I;F<I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C(P

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG







P
#`P


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F5T(&EM



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


3!P=#L^

M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXT

M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$




P
#`P

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

M
#`P



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T0G=F5R



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
M
#`P







#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M



'!T.SXR


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^26YT



M;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,S,S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





M

P
#`P

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


M

M
#`P

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





G!X





M9RUT;W`Z







G!X.R!R;W=S







M:'0Z









3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P





M97)A=&EO;G
L('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!D

M;7!O;F5N=!O9B!!3T-)+!T;R!O9F9S970@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE




@:&5D9VEN9R!P



#`P






#`P

M.SXQ+#8X


3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F
M(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


3!P

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



M('=I9'1H/3-$-C@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q




T0Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1F

I


T1F;VYT+69A

M97(@





#`P
#MB;W)D97(M

#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P

2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

3`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ










#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P
#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P


3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





3!P

M.FYO;F4[/C(P




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

'0M
M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYY96%R<R!E;F1E9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HX





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@=&AA


M97
@87
@96-O;F]M:6

'!O<W5R92X@06QT:&]U9V@@=&AE<V4@9&5R:79A=&EV
M97
@=V5R92!N;W0@9&5S:6=N871E9!A;F0O;W(@9&ED(&YO=!Q=6%L:69Y


M:'0Z
F4Z
3!P


M:71I97


#LF(S@R


N(%1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@
M96-O;F]M:6




@;V8@:6YC;VUE+B!4:&4@=&]T86P@;F]T
M:6]N86P@=F%L=64@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


3(P)3MP
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE($-O

@87
@96-O;F]M
M:6


M5&AE(&-H86YG97


@

M9W
@:6X@=&AE(&QI;F4@:71E;7


M=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&EN8V]M92P@87
@87!P;&EC86)L92X@5&AE('1O=&%L


#@T(&UI




38U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX@87



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P









#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N

38P.S(L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SXN($%S(&]F($1E
M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P



C`Q


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








@86YD(')E8V]G;FEZ960@



4[9F]N=US

@:6X@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L



M/C(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M;6EL;&EO;G

M:'0Z





M



M.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R


30@


T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M;&4]


M




T1F;VYT


T1F;VYT+7-I



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


P
#`P






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



M.SXR

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




\+V9O







M

'!T.SY.970@;W!E



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT











M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#
W


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3X\



G!X








M/3-$



\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



'!T.SX\9F]N



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I








M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXH-#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^)B
X






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


P
#`P
#`[

3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P



M:'0Z






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(S`P
#`P










M


P
#`P








F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3$X


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D


M;G0]

2!R


\


]
T1R

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

#`P
#MF;VYT



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX@



@


@;V8@:6YC;VUE(&%N



M871E;65N='


@:6YC;'5D97



I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED

M

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O




F(S$V
M
#M);F

M;F4[/D]C=&]B97(F(S$V








3(P)3MF;VYT






3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


3!P=#L^($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3`L(&EN8VQU9&5D(&5Q
2!O=VYE9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q



M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^-BPT







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



'!T.SX\9F]N



M:&5I9VAT.C$R





M:6YG/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ








M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


38P.S$L(#(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O








M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F







M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



G!X





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




M


3!P=#L^
3`V



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




M;W)I97





@=V5R92!A9W)E960@=&\@;VX@86X@86YN=6%L








M960@8GD@=7

M)B
Q-C`[)B
X


M12!T:&%T(&%R92!I;F1I=FED=6%L;'D@:6YS:6=N:69I8V%N=X\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M.C$R

@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C8U(&UI



'!T.SX@:6X@
C`Q

@=V5R


M;7



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







\+V9O;G0^



@



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
6QE/3-$



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


G(&-O;6UO;B!S
M:&%R97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BPR-#$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



G!X



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








T0G=F5R





G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




G!X.R!R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS.PV-C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]S

M






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M





3!P=#L^
C8L

M93HQ




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+#`U

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,3@L,C8V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
38L


P
#`P



#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R




#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


F4Z
M





P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P



3X\

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M93HQ





M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E










M











'!T.SXR+#(S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M










P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXX.3PO




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P









#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P

P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS



P
#`P

M



'!T.SXR+#4W






M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

P
#`P



G!X




M/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M93HQ



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXR-RPQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





#`P







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P



#`P

G!X.W!A





P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT
2PQ







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


M;&EA8FEL:71I97

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M/3-$




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C



P
#`P
#`[

3(L



#`P
M

G!X






38P





#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


#`P
M



2!C





#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


F4Z
M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(T+#(W-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P




M
3!P=#L^
C(L


G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(S+#@R-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
3@L

P
#`P





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;W1T;VTZ




2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

P
#`P

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(T+#0V-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C



P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



38\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

C




'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]



M97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-RXQ)B

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^







#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P


M



T1F;VYT+69A





3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P




3!P=#L^

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


#`P
M


3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/C(P





T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

38P.VUI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ


3!P=#L^(&EN(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q



#`P
#`P.W1E



M




3)P




'!T.SY)9B!V86QU960@870@=&AE(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q





3!P=#MC

#`P


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ




3!P=#L^


M



#`P
#`P


3!P







Y

3!P=#L^+`D/]F;VYT









'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXV








^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T


]
M


M4%)/4$525%DL(%!

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

2P@<&QA;G0@86YD(&5Q
M=6EP;65N=`H:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0W


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


C`Q
M

P
M
#`P






M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^.3DW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X







B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+#(T,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F







M

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

F4Z,3!P=#L^0V]N<W1R=6-T:6]N(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC










3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(S+#0X-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C@L

P
#`P


#LF(S@R
3([(&YE














#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



'!T.SX\9F]N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V
M934V95]C



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

12!!4U-%5%



]








#`P
#`P.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X

3!P

4[9F]N=US:7IE


I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]
T0Q

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SXR

M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^-BPT
S`\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I


G(&9R
M86YC:&ES92!R:6=H='

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A



3X\


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-RPW-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1V]O9'=I;&P\

T1V97)T






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
BPR


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
BPR
3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M

P
M
#`P




T1F

M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



#`P





3X\

P
#`P
#`[

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR-BPU

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^
M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$





M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





C`Q
2!A







3X\+W1D




M


M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B



N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

Q
M-C`[

T0G9F]N

3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-B4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^4&%C:69I8SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M








#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A








M:'0Z





38P.SPO


38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A<R!O9B!*86YU87)Y)B,Q-C`[,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^
3$L





T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXH
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

M:'0Z





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#MO

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^
S`Y



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





'!T.SXS


F4Z,3!P=#L^0F%L
M86YC92!A<R!O9B!$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

'!T.SXS.#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




P
#`P



M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I








G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C






M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M8F]L9#L^



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


3(L
M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG

G!X





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
M




M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[
M(')O=W-P86X],T0Q/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4],T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R

X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#MF

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V


M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
S@\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M8F]L9#L^)B
X









38P

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






'!T.SX\9F]N







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P
M

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P


X
C$R.SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P


M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R




#`P
M

G!X






38P


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH,3<P/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




P
#`P

M/3-$



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
F4Z

M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




#`P



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


F4Z
M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$P+#4W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$R,#PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C8V
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





#`P







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F

M


4[9F]N=US



#`P
#`P

Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

@86-Q


M;'DZ5&EM97



T1W:61T:#HQ


3X\

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@
M=&\@87-S971S(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
M

#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[


M;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E



M/3-$
S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE
M=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\



#`P







M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P


3X\


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#MF;VYT

M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3X\9&EV




M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M

3!P=#L^0F]T

G(&9R86YC:&ES92!R:6=H='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







#PO



M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T
M

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







2!C









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P




M



M;VTZ


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ.38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L-30V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXQ+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M


P
#`P
M


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[







#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ-S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3DR(&UI





3!P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


M
#`P


3!P=#L^

M.FYO;F4[/C(P






#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T0Q
24@



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^
C`Q





3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR



M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M;&4]







G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N


M86X]






3!P=#L^

M93HQ




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^.3`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B

V1C-F4U
M-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

O4VAE
M970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



]


]
M

]
T1T97AT





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL


M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




M







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L-S$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^5')A
M9&4@86-C;W5N='

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O









T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C$L

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M


&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T







P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#;VYT86EN97(@9&5P
M;W-I='

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M

7!X('-O








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A






]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

]








M93L^1$55!!3D0@0D]24D]724Y'($%24D%.1T5-14Y44SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N






Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



3!P

#`P

BPQ
S4@




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXD.#4T)B
Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!W87

M:&EL:7!P:6YE(&)O='1L:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M8W)E9&ET(&9A8VEL:71I97






#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



3!P

#`P




@=6YD97(@=&AE


L
M(&YO;F4@;V8@=VAI8V@@:7


M:'0Z
F4Z
3!P

;VYG+51E

M
F4Z
3!P=#L^
M1'5R:6YG(#(P
3(L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E=&ER960@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2PR-3`@;6EL

@=7!O;B!M871U



'!T.SX@




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

30L(#(P
M


;VYD;VX@26YT97)B86YK($]F
M9F5R960@4F%T92`H(DQ)0D]2(BD@;6EN=7


M
#`P



M93HQ






M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M;&4]

'!T.SX@=&]T



T0P('-T



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T



!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF




T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M9!A('!R96UI=6T@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M











'!T

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




T1V97)T:6-A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



F4Z,3!P=#L^
M.R!A;F0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@<W1Y;&4]

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ.'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




2P@
C`R
M

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ













C`Q
M







M9!T:')O=6=H;W5T('1H92!Y96%R(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.W!A






#`P
#`P


M/CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$






3!P=#L^)B
X

M





'!T.SX[

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT


T1W:61T:#HS-G!X.R!R;W=S






M


3!P


M93HQ

C`Q
2P@=&AE



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






M
2P@
C`Q


M;B!W:71H('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@0T-%)W
@9F]R


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-RPV
M
#(F(S$V







#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXY+#

3!P=#L^(&%S(&]F('1H



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P










M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2PX





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ+#`X

3!P=#L^(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)W



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




@:7-S=65D(&]N
M($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
34L(#(P







M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


M.C$R


M92!-87DF(S$V
#LQ-2P@
C`Q





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







4[9F]N=US



M9VAT.C$R







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#LQ-2P@
C`Q-2P@870@

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HS-G!X





2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I







#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ+#`P
!M:6QL:6]N/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

@9'5E($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
34L(#(P



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P







M/3-$=VED=&@Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BPU.30@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T1F;VYT


3!P

#`P

#





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/]T86)L93X\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;F<]

M




M/3-$


M
3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE








#`P


M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^






!P97)C96YT/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O


M/3-$



M92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
C1P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



@9'5E(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M


#`P
#`P


3!P=#L^(&%T(&%N

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



'!T.SXF(S@R








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3(P)3MP


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T

3`P


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0V


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0R('-T


#`P

M

M
#`P



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY!=F5R86=E/]F;VYT






P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^52Y3
M+B!D;VQL87(@;F]T97
@9'5E(#(P
3
F(S@R
3$[
C`Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS









M










T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T









M/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^52Y3+B!D;VQL87(@

C`Q-R8C.#(Q
3LR



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ




M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A


3


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV









M/3-$











M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M93HQ

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR-S

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O





P
#`P
#`[8F%C

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



'!T.SX\9F]N



P
#`P
#`[



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ












3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-BPS
3
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C(N

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.R!R





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#4W

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SY
;VYG



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^






M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B



V(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



#`P

M;VYE.SXT



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@




@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HQ
M





M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



P
#`P



P
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

M92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\+V9O






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
M





3!P=#LG

T1W:61T:#HQ

2!C;VQS



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XU/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT


P
#`P
#`[



T1F;VYT


T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

34W(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



#`P




M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A

M86)O=F4@;F]T97
@86YD(&1E8F5N='5R97
@:6YC;'5D92!V87)I;W5S(')E



#`P
#`P




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^-S

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@87

M

#`P


38P.S



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


M/B8C

M=F%L=64@861J=7-T;65N='








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E;&QS




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T















T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M/3-$




M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M




P
#`P

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
2PT
SD\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?864R
M-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

M='
O4VAE970Q.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




M3TU-251-14Y44R!!3D0@0T].5$E.1T5.0TE%4SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M
#`P

3!P=#MF;VYT

M.C$R





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C



'!T.SX@9F]R(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@:6YF;W)M

N(%1H97-E
M(&=U87)A;G1E97



@87)E87
@8V]V97)E

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M=V4@8F5L:65V92!A;B!U;F9A=F]R86)L92!O=71C;VUE(&ES(')E87-O;F%B

@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@



3DX
2P@;W5R($-O;7!A;GD@




M;F4[)SXT










#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/C0P+#`P


M




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/C$P




M8FQI9V%T:6]N('1O($%Q=6$M0VAE;2!F;W(@86YY(&9U='5R92!L:6%B:6QI





N(%1H92!P87)T:65S(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!L:71I9V%T





#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R



@86YD(')E:6UB=7)S96UE;G0@9F]R
M(&%M;W5N='




M97-T;W

Q-C`[
M
C0L(#(P


L(&%M;VYG(&]T:&5R('1H:6YG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M($%Q=6$M0VAE;2!C;VYT:6YU960@=&\@;F5G;W1I871E('=I=&@@=F%R:6]U





#`P
#MT97AT

3!P=#L^(&]F('1H;W-E





M96YT(&EN('1H92!7:7-C;VYS:6X@:6YS=7)A;F-E(&-O=F5R86=E(&QI=&EG
M871I;VXN($EN($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
3(L('1H92!P87)T:65S(&9I;&5D(&%N

@;V8@=&AE(&5N9F]R

M










@

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M9VAT.C$R


M


@9'5R:6YG('1H92!P87-T(#PO








3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@=&\@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



#`P

M





M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@86=R
M964@=&\@:6YD96UN:69Y('1H92!S96QL97(@;W(@8G5Y97(@9F]R('-P96-I
M9FEC(&-O;G1I;F=E;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@8F5L:65V
M97




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@:6YV





#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M;&4]



3(P
M)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ







'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

















@



#`P


38P.S



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



@:6X@



@='EP:6-A;&QY
M(&AA=F4@=&5R;7



#`P




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@






M




@;W5R

@=6YD97(@;F]N8V%N8V5L86)L92!O


T0G


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M:'0Z


@16YD
M:6YG($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T







3X\





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SY4:&5R96%F




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
















#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N








3X\


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^
M)B


@:7
@;F]T


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M24].(%!


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#




]


M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M.FYO;F4[/C(P




M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M;VYE.SXR


3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9!W87
@
M:6YC;'5D960@87






#`P



3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F;VYT/CQF



M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M



#`P
#`P.W1E



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY!



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^


3!P=#L^)B

@87


@97AP96-T960@8V]S=!D
M;V5S(&YO=!I;F-L=61E('1H92!I;7!A8W0@;V8@86YY(&9U='5R92!S=&]C

M97


#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P










M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

M93HQ





F(S$V
#M);F
N(#(P
#$@

38P
M.TEN8RX@


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M


3(P







T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M97




M365R=&]N

M(&9O;&QO=W





M


M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P

2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M/3-$








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
N.#`\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M











M;VTZ



M/3-$




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY$:79I9&5N9!Y:65L9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M



M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O







2!C







G!X.R!R





M;VTZ



M/3-$




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C




M:'0Z






6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
M


M:6=H=#HQ







\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M96EG:'0Z

#L\+V9O;G0^



M;VQA=&EL:71Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W








M86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ




!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F






3DY.2!T:')O=6=H($IU;'D@
M
C`P



#`P


38P.WEE87)S(&9R;VT@
M=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0@86YD('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



@
M87



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M5&EM97


M;&4]


3X\+W1D





M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]C82U#;VQA($-O
M;7!A;GD@




#`P


@;V8@;W5R(&-O
M;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W87









M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E





M
#(@3W!T:6]N(%!L86XB*2!W87

@
M:6X@07!R:6P@
C`P
BX@06X@86UE;F1M96YT('1O('1H92`R
#`R($]P=&EO





M(&]P=&EO;G



#(@
M3W!T:6]N(%!L86X@87



#`P
#`P.W1E

38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F



!S='EL93TS1=P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXF(S@R

F4Z
3!P=#MC

#`P


@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!W87
@





Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


M



#`P
#`P.W1E


M:&%R97
@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(&)E(&=R86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE('-T;V-K



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M






#`P


38P.S


@
M87





M



M.W=I9'1H.C$P

E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3`E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY3:&%R97



M=UA;&EG;CIR:6=H=#L^*$EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



M

7!X('-O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





'0M86QI




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M:6

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


#LQ+`R,#$R(8C.#(Q
CL@
M07

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^




G!X


M








'!T.SXR-2XV
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]










M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^
C0N
M-#


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^)B


G!X



3X\


M
#`P




3X\9&EV

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[8F%C



M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



2!C;VQS


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P





3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A







P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;&4]

G!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M;VTZ


M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#(P,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E







!S
M='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S


M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC

#`P



T1F;VYT

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F


3(P)3MP
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ




T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

3!P=#L^

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


#`P
M


3!P=#L^(&%N

M;F4[/C(P





T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M='EL93II=&%L:6
[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C


M;GD@
3DX




M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E

@






@4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!!=V%R9!0




38P.S$L(#(P
M
#@N(%1H92!S:&%R97







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





'!T.SY);B`R


@=6YD97(@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP86YY(#$Y.#D@4F5S
M=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!!=V%R9!0;&%N('1O(&5X96-U=&EV97
N($EN(#(P
M

M(&$@;6EX(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G



@9&5T

'0M9&5C
M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SYT:')E92!Y96%R<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


@870@=&AE('1I;64@;V8@




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@:&]L9&EN9R!P97)I;V0@
M:7

#`P
#MT97AT+61E

T1F



M='





@:7













@87)E(&%D:G5S=&5D(&9O







@;6%Y(&)E(&=R86YT960N($EF('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@




M(&]R('1H96ER(&)E;F5F:6-I87)I97







'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3LR


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





@

@8F%S



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M



E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M




M=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY&86ER(%9A;'5E/]F;VYT


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F;VYT+7-I




'!T.SY/=71S=&%N9&EN9R!O;B!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
2P@
M
C`Q
B`F(S@R

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M93HQ




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M





T1V97)T








M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^


T1V97)T:6-A





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH.#`P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



2!C;VQS



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M

#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT







M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
!S








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M:6]N.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



T1F;VYT
F4Z.7!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@


3!P=#MC

#`P

CDN.34\+V9O


M93HQ



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M;F4[/C(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

3!P=#L^(&EN

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q


#`P
M



'!T.SX@



#`P

M;VYE.SXR


'0M9&5C;W)A
M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXP+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O





3!P


M92UH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W

@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@86)O=70@=&AE(&-O



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M9'1H/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.G)I9VAT.SXH26X@=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




G!X.W!A


#`P









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
C8N-3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT



#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M










M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#`P.W!A

M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

M;&4]



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M

M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H









C`E.V9O


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@

F4Z
3!P=#MC

#`P


#`P
#MT97AT


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P






M
#`P


3!P=#L^



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXT+#
P
2PW

T1F;VYT+69A



#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



#`P

M




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P








M;G


@26YC+B`R
#`W($EN8V5N=&EV92!!


3!P=#L^
M+B!4:&5S92!A=V%R9'

M('-H87)E('5N:71S(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]N



M=&5D('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P






F4Z
3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M87D@8F4@9W)A;G1E9X@268@=&AE(&9I;F%N8VEA;!R97-U;'1S(&9A;&P@



@870@=&%R






M:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]T928C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXN(%1H92!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H

M
C`Q

M:&5S92!P97)F;W)M86YC92!A=V%R9'
@=&\@96QI;6EN871E('1H92!R96UA

#LS
2P@
M
C`Q


M;W1A;!S=&]C:RUB87-E9!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!A8F]V92X@
M07


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P












'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P

M



C`Q
'0M9&5C;W)A
M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXP+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O


M93HQ


M

M87)E('5N:71S(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(#(P



C`Q
RX\+V9O



\




M;B!A;&QO=W







M:&4@9W)A;G0@:7


@87)E(&5N=&ET;&5D('1O('9O=&4@86YD(')E

M($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!A=V%R9'







L(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P

M



#`P
#`P.W1E

BPP

M





M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:71I;VX@;V8@0T-%)W

N

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

T1F

'!T.SXN(%1H97-E(&%W




3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

38P
M.S

M

#`P

M





L(&EN8VQU





V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E






T0Q


#$R/&)R/CPO




M9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4$5.4TE/3B!!3D0@3U1(15(@4$]3
M5%)%5$E214U%3E0@0D5.149)5!03$%.4SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


M:'0Z
F4Z
3!P

@86YD+V]R(&-O;G1R:6)U=&5S('1O


M:6%L;'D@86QL(%4N4RX@96UP;&]Y965S+B!792!A;'-O('-P;VYS;W(@;F]N



@:&%V92!V87)I;W5S('!E




3(P)3MP861D:6YG


N(%1H:7

M;VQO9WD@:&%S(&)E96X@87!P;&EE9!R971R;W-P96-T:79E;'DL(&%N9!W




M92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^07


C`Q
P@=V4@87-S=6UE9!C97)T




M;B!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H:7
@86-Q=6ES:71I;VXN(%1H97-E(&QI86)I;&ET
M:65S(')E;&%T92!T;R!V87)I;W5S('!E;G-I;VXL(')E=&ER964@;65D:6-A







6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ,G!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
F4Z
3!P=#MC

#`P


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ

M;&EG871I;VYS(&%N9!&=6YD960@4W1A='5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N



@*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS
M*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M93HQ





3!P

M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


P
#`P


3X\


M


M;&4]


M









M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






G!X


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ





M93HQ



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR.3$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^26YT97)E<W0@8V]S=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N
M/3-$







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


Y
3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






3!P


M93HQ





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C$L




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXQ




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXT-3PO9F]N





M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B@T

T1V97)T:6-A




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@U,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P




M93HQ


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


CL\+V9O




M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXF(S@R










M


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT









3X\9&EV

P
#`P




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P



#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

2PQ
#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P







3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T1V97)T:6-A














38P






M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S









M








G!X







3X\









T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

#MP


M


G!X.R!R





M(&-O;'-P86X]







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M;&4]

'!T.SY/=&AE

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ








M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z







#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P



#`P










#`P

7!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS





P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






P
#`P
#`[8F%C



M

G!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXI



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P


T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B




L('1H92!B96YE9FET
M(&]B;&EG871I;VX@:7

M(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;BX@5&AE(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@

@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





M


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M;&4]



P
#`P

M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#4T(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P







M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P


M5&EM97


M;&4]
T1W:61T:#HQ


3X\+W1D


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P



3X\


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP
M=#L^26X@
C`Q

@=&\@=&AE('1R86YS9F5R


M:71I97

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


@87)E
M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W



3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P
M=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@0F5N969I='
\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



P
#`P




C`Q



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS.34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M







M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@W
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



G!X.R!R





T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R+#0S
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^*#(L-#@T


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P





M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F




P
#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`P




3!P


M93HQ




#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Y

M;&4]

G!X




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



@8F%S960@;VX@86=E+!S97)V:6-E+!P




C`Q

3!P=#L^0V5R=&%I

M;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@86YD('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('!L86X@


I.CPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O

'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


M=&@]
T0W




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB
M97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


C`Q


P
#`P


M






M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU

3!P=#L^







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;BUL969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D




M=&@]






P
#`P




M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C@L-S,V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8L

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ


T0G=F5R=&EC





M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;G

3(P


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M.F)O;&0[/C(P

T0G=F5R







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$
F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M8F]L9#L^



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXQ
#0\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,V,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=#HR


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E9!C;VUP86YI97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B









M;VTZ



M/3-$




G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X














38P


M

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\





M:'0Z







M






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






3X\

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B














M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S
M=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#`U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M




G!X




M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR-38\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXQ-#PO9F]N

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ









C`E.V9O;G0M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z

P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M
#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#MP





3!P=#L^



M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



3!P=#LG

T1W:61T:#HQ

2!C;VQS



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT

M=6%L+!P;V]L960@86YD(&-O;6UI;F=L960@9G5N9',@9G)O;2!W:&EC:!I

@8V%N(&-H;V]S92X@5&AE('-E;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@='EP

M96YT(&]B:F5C=&EV97








2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V
#LQ-CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+B!&86ER('9A;'5E

@:6X@=&AE:7(@
M96YT:7)E='D@9F%L;#L@82!R96-O;F-I;&EA=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@8F5G:6YN

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ










M:&]R:7IO;B!F;W(@9G5L9FEL;&EN9R!T:&4@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@;V8@=&AE
M('!L86XN(%-E;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@=&%R9V5T960@87-S970@86QL;V-A

@8F%S960@=7!O;B!A(')E


N($1U





#`P

M.SXT






#`P

M.SXS

3!P=#L^(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E

2P@
C`Q
BP@=&AE('1R


M('=I;&P@96YA8FQE('5S('1O(&%C:&EE=F4@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!L;VYG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HT.'!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$




3!P






3!P=#L^*#
I








3X\


3!P=#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ











M97-S(&5X8V5P=&EO;G








M='




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ

M97

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^

M970@97%U:71I97

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


N($]P=&EM86P@

M:71I97

M(&%S('=E;&P@87

M;BX@26YV97-T;65N='
@:6X@=&AE(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!O9B!O=7(@0V]M

3!P=#MC

#`P





#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

3!P=#L^(&]F


M;&]B86P@97%U:71I97
@87)E(&EN=&5N9&5D('1O('!R;W9I9&4@9&EV97)S



'!T.SX\9F]N


M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;VX@8F]N9'

2!T<F%D




M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M+!W92!H879E(&$@=&%R9V5T(&%L;&]C871I;VX@;V8@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



3!P=#L^(&EN(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S+B!4:&5S




M(%1H92!O8FIE8W1I=F4@;V8@:6YV97-T:6YG(&EN(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&EN




M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M

#`P









#`P
#`P

3!P=#L^



'!T
M.SX@9FEX960M:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97
N(%1H92!A8W1U86P@86QL;V-A

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M





'!T.SX@9FEX960M:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I
M97

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C

T1F;VYT

'!T.SX@;W1H97(@:6YV97-T
M;65N='

@;V8@;W5R(&EN=&5R

M=&%T97
@:7


M96EG:'0Z
F4Z
M







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O


M='




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

2P\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V%S


3X\9&EV

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




'!T.SX\9F]N




M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M/3-$






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E9!C;VUP86YI97
\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ



T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXW.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M93HQ



M9'

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^


M










B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F







#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^



M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



\+V9O;G0^/&9O




P
#`P













P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M/3-$





!S='EL93TS1=P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT



M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@=VET:&EN

M86YC97
@;V8@3&5V96PF(S$V






M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA


M
CDE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


3!P=#L^)B
Q
M-C`[)B







M;W1T;VTZ





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



M/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





M
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P

3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^









T1F;VYT+69A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T1V





M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


Y



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






3X\




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B@U







2!C







G!X.R!R





M;VTZ



M/3-$


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C$S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



P
#`P

M









T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








M/3-$



M:'0Z





T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M





3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B










G!X.R!R



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R


F4Z,3!P=#L^4W!E8VEA;!T97)M:6YA=&EO;B!B96YE9FET<SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;65N='





#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
C




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





T1F;VYT




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C








T1F




P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M



P
#`P





'!T.SXH

M;&4]

G!X










M;W1T;VTZ
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O;G0M


M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ


M)W


P
#`P
M










M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

P
#`P




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




G!X








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD





#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X








G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]

F4Z,3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH,BPQ-CD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\
M=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[<&%D9&EN9RUR:6=H





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
2PQ

T1V97)T


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V




M








M/3-$




G!X


3!P=#L^


M









M



M





M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@U





G!X.R!R





M;VTZ



M/3-$

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,30P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M/3-$





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^*#$L





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

M;W`Z


M





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV


P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I








P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#MP861D

M



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('-E='
@9F]R=&@@86UO=6YT









M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

P
#`P




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




G!X








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD





#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X








'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M










T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXW



P
#`P


L
M


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[8F%C



M

7!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R
#D\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS




P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M;&4]

G!X

P
#`P


M/3-$


P
#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


L
#




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`P




3!P


M93HQ




#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M;&4]

G!X




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M*#



M.C$R

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0W


M/3-$



M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^*#
\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



P
#`P




3!P=#L^
C
X

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M
#`P








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
C
U




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T1F;VYT+69A



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M92UH96EG:'0Z


T1F

'!T.SY#97)T86EN('=E
M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



M;BUL969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D


M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;CIC96YT97([/E!E;G-I;VXF(S$V


38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

G!X


M


M;&4]


M;VTZ



M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M;&4]

7!X





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P





M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^1&ES
M8V]U;G0@<F%T93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C

T0G=F5R




#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DXO03PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






3(P)3MP

M93HQ





3!P

M

M='(^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M=VED=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H

M




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I














M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A


M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M





3!P=#L^-2XU
M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B4\+V9O




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ




M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY.+T$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


P
#`P



#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+C(U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P

#`P
M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P


M-XW-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^-XW
M-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P
M


P
#`P



M9VAT.C$R



@86YD('9O;&%T:6QI



#`P
#`P








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P











3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I



M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(')O=W-P
M86X]


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

C`Q
M

P
M
#`P



















M:'0Z





38P.SPO






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







3!P=#L^-2XP
M

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^665A

@=&AE('5L=&EM871E('1R96YD(')A

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M=&EO;G




3)P








@9F]R(&5A8V@@;V8@;W5R(%4N




#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF
F4Z,3!P
M=#L^+!W97)E(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=7-I;F<@82!C87-H(&9L;W<@;6%T8VAI





T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ








M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C




S$L



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

30\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q-3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


C`Q


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^4&5N



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I









T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXT-S
\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P










M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







'!T.SXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^-C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L



P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^5&]T86P@97-T:6UA=&5D


M

G!X('-O


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M:60@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ





P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




M:'0Z







M(&]F(#(P
#


T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT

M;&4]




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(R(&UI;&QI;VX\








M('5N9&5R('1H92!-961I8V%R92!087)T)B
Q-C`[1!S=6)S:61Y+B!4:&ES
M(&-H86YG92!R97-U;'1E9!I;B!A(')E9'5C=&EO;B!O9B!O=7(@9&5F97)R

F4Z

#`P
#`P

30@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


C`Q
X\+V9O;G0^/]D
M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





N(&1E9FEN960@8V]N=')I8G5T:6]N('!L86XL('=E(&UA=&-H






3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q


M
#`P


3!P=#L^

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#(Y(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^)#

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#
U(&UI;&QI;VX\






#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3$\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


3(P)3MP
F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7-T


3(P
F4Z
3!P=#L^07
@



@:6X@=&AE(%5N


@

M;B!R97-O=7)C97





M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



N


2!M









3$L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@97AP

M8VQU9&5D(&-H87)G97



#`P
#`P.W1E


M96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!W:71H9')A=V%L(&9R;VT@8V5R=&%I;B!O9B!T:&5S


M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V



MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B


T0G




M/3-$


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^26YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,@8V]N<VES=&5D(&]F
M('1H92!F;VQL;W=I;F<@*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M1#$R(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P




C`Q



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M

@061J

T1V

F4Z,3!P=#L^56YI=&5D(%-T871E<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


C`E.V9O




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
RPP

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX+#0R.3PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





P
#`P













P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P



3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P



F4Z

T1F


P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3X\+W1D




M


M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B


N(&EN

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P.S(\+V9O





65A<G
@96YD



#`P


38P.S




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T0Q/CPO=&0^

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




;V-A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXW-#PO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M93HQ

M;&4]





M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





G!X


M








'!T.SXQ+#0R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^

T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



G!X.R!R




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXQ

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ


CL@07
@


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z










M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M;VTZ







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






P
#`P



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F




#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P


T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N








3(\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P


3!P

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



N(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X(')A

@87



M





3!P=#MM


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1F

M1&5C96UB97(@

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




P
#`P

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^07,@061J=7-T960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
38P.R4\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


U+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T

M






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

38P.R8C.#(Q
M
CL@;F5T(&]F(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







M;&4]

'!T.SY%87)N



M;VTZ




M9RUT;W`Z









M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

CPO


M9RUT;W`Z











#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


M









M



3(P)3MF


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T



2!C;VQS



G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M

M;&4]

Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^0T-%('1R86YS86-T:6]N


X
M



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV







T1F;VYT


T1F;VYT

T1V







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


G!X


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XY/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT





3!P=#L^
XT/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FIU





M93HQ



M



M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




M:6=H=#HQ


#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X



T1F;VYT


M;&4]






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M

C$L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C


P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$

P
#`P



#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-BXW/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3
S



M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^






@:6YT97)N871I








M


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S
M=7`^)B






#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXP+C


M97(@;V8@16UB;W1E;&QA9&]R82!!;F1I;F$@4RY!+B`H(D%N9&EN82(I(&%N







P
#`P


M

!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HT


3X\




M:'0Z





M.FYO;F4[/C(X


M86EN(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W



M


M




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XT/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M/3-$


3(P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



P
#`P



[('1H92!R969I;F5M96YT(&]F



#LQ.#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+CPO9F]N


3!P


2!C



M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XU/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M


3(P)3MF










M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL
F4Z.7!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T1F


N

#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A

'!E;G-E(&]F(0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
CDY(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O



T1F



M;B!%;6)O;F]R.R!A;F0@9V%I;G






M;VUP86YY)W

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V
#LQ-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#LG/CQT



M/3-$


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XX/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

@82!T87@@8F5N969I=!O9B`D/]F;VYT
F4Z
M.7!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO;F4[/C<@;6EL





M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC;VQO

#`P








P
#`P


T0G



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG

M;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





P
#`P


@:6YC=7)R960@
M:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!M97)G97(@;V8@07)C82!A;F0@0V]N




P
#`P
M



!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P


T1F;VYT



P
#`P




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O




M;V8@0T-%)W

@87
@=V5L

P
M
#`P



!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT


#`P











M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M
!B96YE9FET








M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P


M


3(P)3MF


F4Z.7!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


P
#`P
M



!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P




T1F



P
#`P



@=&AE


M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M97





P
#`P
#`[



@=VET:!#0T4N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL



!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT


#`P



#`P




M/DYO=&4F(S$V



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T


M.B
P
#`P



#`P




N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P

M;W1E)B
Q-C`[



M/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/3-$=VED=&@Z






M


T1V


M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3$T(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O



M.B
P
#`P





M=&4@;&]C:W
@:7-S=65D(&EN(&-O;FYE8W1I;VX@=VET:!T:&4@9&5B=!T


@


T1W





M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR
CPO




M:6]N.FYO;F4[/C`N






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O


3!P=#L^3W5R(&5F9F5C=&EV92!T


M97

@;&]W97(@



'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M;&4]

'!T.SX@=&\@



#`P

M.SXR





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

3!P=#L^+`D/]F;VYT



M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





@9V5N97)A=&5D(&EN(&EN





#`P
M


@86YD('1H97)E9F]R92!N
M;R!T87@@97AP96YS92!W87



M





M;&4]


M871E9!T;R!T:&ES(&-H87)G92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M=6)S:61I87)I97



M
#`P


3!P=#L^







M

'!T.SX@87)E('-U
M8FIE8W0@=&\@861J=7-T;65N='
@=6YT:6P@=&AE('EE87(@:6X@=VAI8V@@

@;F\@;&]N9V5R('-U8FIE





M9VAT.C$R





#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXS


M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W



M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXQ



@:6X@=&AE(&5V96YT('1H


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ


M;VX@;V8@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@:6X@=&AE(&=R;W-S(&)A;&%N8V4@;V8@=6YR


T0Q

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


C`Q
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M



M














T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^


G!X



3X\








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





G!X











M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R;W=S




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M;G

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF
M(S@R





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-#4\




M





38P.SPO9F]N






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M


M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R




M/3-$




M





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS




M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

R
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M





3!P=#L^



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



M(')E8V]G;FEZ97


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

3
@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M


M/C$Q



M8W)U960@87



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


3!P

#`P

R!M:6QL



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z

#`P
#`P



M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q







3!P=#L^270@:7





3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HX


3!P=#L^07

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

38P
M.S
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!U;F1I<W1R:6)U=&5D(&5A<FYI;F=S
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@9F]R96EG;B!S=6)S:61I87)I97
@86UO=6YT

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^

3!P=#L^+B!4:&]S92!E87)N



M;&5X:71I97






T0P(&-E;&QS



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

C`Q
3PO9F]N






M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


C!P








M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







G!X.R!R;W=S





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY96YE9FET('!L86YS/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#`R,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG




G!X



T1F;VYT




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P






M/3-$



M='


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


3(X














T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC




M


P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O


M:6=H=#HQ

2PR/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


F4Z
M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0L


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P



3X\

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R






M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;W1T;VTZ







M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F







M


M;W`Z


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^*#0L









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T



CPO9F]N=#X\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CD\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M



M

M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
30T



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
3(Y


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





G!X






G!X.R!R;W=S






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-#0U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$

P
#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I







M8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M


M
#`P




3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO



'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




#`P





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH.PU

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\


P
#`P









'!T.SY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&QI86)I



M
#`P




#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P












T1F;VYT


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A




P
#`P



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC

#`P

M
38P.S


2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^
M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@<W1Y;&4]
M



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M

F4Z.7!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



@87
@


P
#`P


M









M=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O









#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
S



M
#`P


M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+!R97-P96-T

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




3!P=#L^(&]F(&YE


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M
T0Q

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0Q
24@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


C`Q




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



65A<CPO

M/3-$








G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z


M



M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$R-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
#`P


U
M




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P


P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0X-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#`P.W!A

M


P
#`P


3X\


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O







M;&]W86YC97


M+B!#=7)R96YT(&5V:61E;F-E(&1O97







M='5R92!T87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M92!T;R!R96%L:7IE('1H92!T87@@8F5N969I
M='


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

M



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


F5D(&$@;F5T(&1E8W)E87-E(&]F(0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P









M;W-S97




@9V5N97)A;&QY
M(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S('5P;VX@97AE8W5T:6]N
M(&]F('1H92!S:&%R92!P=7)C:&%S92!A9W)E96UE;G0@9F]R('1H92!S86QE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93LG/DYO=&4F(S$V



M(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!P;VQI

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/DYO=&4F(S$V

M

M86YY)W


M=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O;B!C97)T86EN(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&%C



3(P)3MP
F4Z



#`P

M


F5D(&$@;F5T
M(&1E8W)E87-E(&]F(0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=&EN9R!L;W-S97

M97-S(&]P97)A=&EO;G






M:'0Z

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



#`P
M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC97
N(%1H:7







@



M86YD(')E;&%T960@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!O;B!C97)T86EN(&5X





M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?864R
M-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

M='
O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

4[9F]N=US:7IE






@;V8@5&AE($-O8V$M0V]L82!#;VUP86YY(&-O

T0G9F]N

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$



#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

2!C;VQS








P
#`P
#`[8F%C







M;W`Z


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXH

M;&4]




M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


SPO



S



M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL


M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R+#$P-#PO9F]N=#X\




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P





3!P=#L^


M


#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








#`P



3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@S+#,X-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH

T0G=F5R=&EC


F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO
M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[/CQB<B!C

M96EG:'0Z


T1F;VYT








#`P


38P.S




'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P









T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P






#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M($%M;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



P
#`P



G!X




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R


P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P


M





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C(P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





M






M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





'!T.SXU




P
#`P







3(P)3MF;VYT



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P



7!X


T1F

'!T.SXH-C`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P

M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I









T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V








3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M;W`Z


M





M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N









C`E.V9O




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I

G!X.V)O


M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P

#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9!I;B!N970@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




'!T.SX\9F]N








#`P


3!P


M93HQ


M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

W
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



G!X.V)O


M93HQ



#`P




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P




#`P










#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N



#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT


P
#`P
M










M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC

#`P

Q-C`[




M97


M
T1W:61T:#HQ


3X\+W1D/CQT



M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR



3X\9&EV


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^
M26YC;'5D97



T1F

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P.S
\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







T0P('-T

M

M.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R





M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV





M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D











38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P



#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


#`P
#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M

M
#`P



M



P
#`P




#`P








M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^1&5R:79A=&EV97




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]







M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^

P
#`P




#`P







M:79A=&EV97




M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XQ/]S=7`^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV










38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N





M





38P



@




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

M






M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M:6=H=#HQ



P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P


G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L




P
#`P




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I

G!X.V)O


M93HQ


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







M





M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9!I;B!N970@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




'!T.SX\9F]N



P
#`P

M





3(P)3MF;VYT




M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P



P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P



7!X('-O;&ED



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXT






#`P

G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M

P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S8S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I



#`P


M;VTZ


3!P=#L^*#$L-38X


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A









#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^*#$L

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



T1F

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P.S4\+V9O;G0^/&9O




M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3)P

T1V97)T





38P

M='5R97



P
#`P


M97




2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^4F5F97(@=&\@/]F;VYT/CQF

M
#LQ




'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M
CL@07

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R




M;F-Y('1R86YS;&%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P



G!X.V)O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
M
#`P





#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P



F4Z

M

'!T.SXH.3

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M/3-$






G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M



M;G



T1F

'!T.SXH
C


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS







6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P



M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P





38P



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P





38P



P
#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



M;&4]



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M


M




#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M







M;&4]

7!X

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ


#`P
#`P.W!A



M
#`P



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


P
#`P
#`[)R!R


P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY.



M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M
3


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY296-L87-S:69I8V%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@


T1F

'!T.SXS-3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B







M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SY.970@8VAA;F=E(&EN('!E;G-I;VX@86YD(&]T:&5R
M(&)E;F5F:70@;&EA8FEL:71I97

T1F;VYT


M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C=P=#XS/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



3!P=#L^-#

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT.C)P


M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M



#`P

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

G!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

I(&%T=')I8G5T
M86)L92!T;R!4:&4@0V]C82U#;VQA($-O;7!A;GD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


C
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




2!C;VQS



P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M



P
#`P






M;&4]

G!X









P
#`P



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

T1F



M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$





M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

@;V8@8V5R



P
#`P






3X\+W1D




M


M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^)B



#LQ
SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M12!-14%355)%345.5%


]





3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@9&5F:6YE(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@87



M;'DL('1H92!I;G!U='

M:&4@=7-E(&]F('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='
N(%1H92!T:')E92!L979E
M;'


T0P




3X\+W1D




M

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXF
M(S@R

38P.S$F(S$V
#LF(S@R

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
N




M93HQ

M=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V


L





M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V
#LS)B
Q-C`[)B
X
M


@86YD


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O




M;65N='


M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:!A8V-O=6YT:6YG('!R:6YC:7!L97,@9V5N97)A
M;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S+!C97)T86EN(&%S











M:6





M:65D(&%S($QE=F5L)B
Q-C`[





M;G1O('1H97-E('9A;'5A=&EO;B!T96-H;FEQ=65S(&EN8VQU9&4@86-T=6%L
M('1R861E(&1A=&$L(&)E;F-H;6%R:R!Y:65L9'



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT



L



N(%1R96%S=7)Y


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M








M8V%N=!I;7!A8W0@;VX@=&AE(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]U



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4


'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P







G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M





Q-C`[
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


979E;8C,38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


#LS

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M







P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N








P
#`P


3X\9&EV








G!X.W!A9&1I












2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@









3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY!=F%I;&%B;&4M9F]R+7-A;&4@


T1F

'!T.SXQ+#
Y
#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3



M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR
M/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXT+#4Y



M-7!T/C



M


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXU.#

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P



#`P

G!X






P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


3!P


M93HQ


P
M
#`P



G!X.W!A9&1I




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






3!P

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1&5R:79A=&EV97

M;&4]



P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P






M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^*#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M(S`P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]









#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M;VTZ



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A
M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

3)P

T1V97)T





38P

@86YD




!S='EL93TS1=P

M



3X\9&EV('-T



Q-C`[




!S='EL93TS1=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P

M;W1E)B



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;CTS1#(P(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

Q-C`[
CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M

M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T1F;VYT


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D













G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


38P.SPO9F]N







M/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^-#$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
2PP-S$\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXR

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXQ
38\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R



T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O













T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXS.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXH


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

P
#`P


3X\


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M

7!X('-O


2!C;VQS


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P





3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



#`P
M




M
3!P=#L^
BPP

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY

M1#




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C


M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P


#`P
M



M/3-$



P
#`P





6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N


P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX
M-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
S9P






M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]

G!X

'!T.SX\9F]N




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


3PO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M


3!P=#L^*#$R
3PO9F]N



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






@3F5W


T1W:61T
M:#HQ





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M(S$V



M;6%T=7)E(&EN(#(P








3X\


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^
M)B


M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O







#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M



#`P
#`P.W1E


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3HQ


M8V]G;FEZ97
@=')A;G-F97)S(&)E='=E96X@;&5V96QS('=I=&AI;B!T:&4@




#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV






M='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[


3!P=#L^26X@861D:71I;VX@=&\@87-S971S(&%N




M:7)M96YT(&-H87)G97


@96YD960@



#`P


38P.S




M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L


M)B

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



M96UB97(@

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#MB;W)D

#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P

M


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS
















M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T1V


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^07-S971S(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS











T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$

M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XV/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^











M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S@R





F4Z,3!P=#L^
M17%U:71Y(&UE=&AO9!I;G9E<W1M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M=#HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




3X\9&EV('-T

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

M9RUT;W`Z







M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE







M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








#`P

G!X


M




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS




#`P

M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M










#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE









M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P


M:&%R97






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
M



T0P('-T



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&0@9F]R('-A;&4@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E('-H965T
M(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+B!792!A;'-O(')E8V]G;FEZ960@


@8V%L8W5L871E9!B87-E9!O;B!
979E


#LQ-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I


T1W:61T:#HQ

M/3-$




M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO




M

M9!A(&=A:6X@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



M('1R96%T('1H:7



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXX




@97AP96YS960@;VX@=&AE(&%C

M;BP@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86-C;W5N='



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A



P
#`P

N(%1H97-E(&-H87)G97
@=V5R92!D971E





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
M



T0P('-T



M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



#`P

3@@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


@:6X@=&AE(&YE




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

3(P)3MF;VYT

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




#`P

M;VYE.SXQ








4[9F]N=US


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^-#$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(')E;&%T960@=&\@86X@:6YV

M92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!T:&5S92!I;7!A:7)M96YT(&-H87)G97
L('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)W


M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^


M97


2!I
M;G!U='

#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M;&4]

M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M












#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
2!M



M
R!I;G!U='




#`P
#`P

Q-C`[



M/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





@86UO

M:&5E='

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

3!P=#L^+B!4






T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ




#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I
F4Z
3!P


#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DQE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M=F5L)B
Q-C`[
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

Q-C`[
3PO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^3&5V96PF(S$V


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M








M

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M




F4Z
M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$X-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

2!C;VQS





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



P
#`P


M



G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T0G=F5R


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ-3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXW

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



F4Z

M

'!T.SXR


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]











M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




38P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.R8C
38P.R8C



2PX


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N









F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









3X\9&EV('-T

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT












G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#,Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^.#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#L^







38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1V]V

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


SPO9F]N=#X\

M/3-$








M







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXW


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M/3-$






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




6QE


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXU

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR-3<\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^





T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[












M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4Q
#PO9F]N=#X\





P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M

!S



#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P


M



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T0G=F5R=&EC



RPT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR+#0U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P




M
3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M;VTZ

M93HQ

M=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT

M;&4]


@87

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


3$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@





'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


#L^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY(961G93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T




'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[/E!A<G1N97)S:&EP<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SY296%L($5S=&%T93PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY0;V]L960F(S$V
#MA;F0\+V9O;G0^



F4Z
M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



P
#`P
#`[)R!R













G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXS
#
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V








M/3-$




M









M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^



M93HQ

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U)E;&%T960@=&\@87-S



G!X



















38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH







M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ



G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+7)I9VAT





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^)B
X
M


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P


#`P
#`P




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P



#`P

G!X






P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P


M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXU
3@\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




M
#`P

6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




38P

M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




M;VTZ



M/3-$


M;VTZ









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T




G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X


M






M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^

M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^06-T=6%L(')E='5R

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C













6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD
M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M296QA=&5D



M9#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

'!T.SX\9F]N





@86YD
M('-E='1L96UE;G1S(8C.#(Q,CL@;F5T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M/3-$












M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R








M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T



M=70@;V8@3&5V96PF(S$V
#LS(8C.#(Q,CL@;F5T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG

G!X





M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F]R




#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO





#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
3([




#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD




3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH





#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT
#`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




#`P



3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU




M93HQ



M=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B




#`P



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L,3@Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R
M/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



P
#`P
M



Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M




P
#`P
#`[=&5X

M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q


#`P
M



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0V)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


979E

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY
979E;8C,38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



Q-C`[
R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


#LQ

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



M=F5L)B
Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
R`\+V9O;G0^








#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R





M











'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^.#8\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


















G!X










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M




M








B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ










M



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^4F5A;!E<W1A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L<W!A






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X



3X\

T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T0G=F5R






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#L^








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M

M;&4]

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.S
@87-S971S(&%R92!N;W0@82!S:6=N



@86YD(&YO

@8F5C


B!I
M;G!U='

M;65N='

M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:7





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$V+#
Q
R!M




Q-C`[
M
S$L(#(P





#MM:6QL





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P







3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@3U!%4D%424Y'($%.1!.3TY/4$52




'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B`\+V9O




@9F]R('5S92!O;B!C
M:71R=7




M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3
@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

S$L(#(P
M
3(N(%1H97-E(&-H87)G97


T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M







M87

M:71I97





#`P


M




3!P=#L^(&EN(&]T:&5R(&]P97)A=&EN9R!C:&%R
F4Z

#`P
#`P

M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C




@:6X@
M=&AE(&%F9F5C=&5D(')E9VEO;G
N(%1H:7

M:6QD:6YG(&5F9F]R='










M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V






M=&%L:6







#`P




T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

M





#`P
#`P.V9O


T1F

'!T.SX@87-S;V-I871E

#@F(S@R
M
3$[
C`Q

@87

#`P
M






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


F4Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[
3D\+V9O


M93HQ









M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[





#`P





M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXX,3D@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.C$P<'0[/BP@=VAI8V@@8V]N<VES=&5D(&]F(0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO
M;CIN;VYE.SXR-3`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M



3!P=#L^(&]F(&-H87)G
M97






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


#LQ.3PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R







#`P




I


M.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P





#`P
#`P


3!P=#L^



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3@U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@
M87



M97(@;V8@=&AE('1W;R!C;VUP86YI97



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]T928C





M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M(&]F('1H:7

2P@
C`Q
BX@5V4@86QS;R!R96-O



#`P
#`P.W1E



S$L(#(P


3!P=#MC

#`P

Q-C`[
M






'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

@;V8@:71S


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

Q-C`[
3D\




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

3!P

M;65N=!O9B!T:&4@9V%I;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

2P@
M
C`Q

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^.#(@






#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M

'!T.SXN(%1H92!#





M
'!T.SX@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

@:6X@=&AE


#`P
M

Q-C`[
3D\+V9O;G0^


M




M;'D@87

M96QD(&%N(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@0V]N=&%L('1H870@=V4@86-C;W5N=&5D


T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M




M.FYO;F4[)SXQ

C`Q
2P@


M('-H87)E(&%M;W5N='






M14U302X@5&AE(&=A:6YS('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!R



@



#`P
#`P

3`R(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SX@9'5R:6YG(#(P

M;&4]

'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V





M)SXT


3!P=#L^(&1U92!T;R!T:&4@:6UP86ER;65N




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


N(%1H




3`N(%1H:7


M('1H92!S86QE(&]F('1H97-E(&)O='1L:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
N(%)E9F5R

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^3F]T928C



M('1H97-E(&-H87)G97

N














928C
C(W.V\@2G5N:6]R+!W:&EC:!W87
@




'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






38P.W1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&%D:G5S=&UE;G0@9F]R



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXU




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




L('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&-H87)G97

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C8U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI


#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ
#






#`P

M;W1E)B













T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

]







3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[
M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^4%)/1%5#
M5$E62519+!)3E1%1U)!5$E/3B!!3D0@4D535%)50U154DE.1R!)3DE424%4
M259%4SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O





3(P)3MP
F4Z
3!P=#L^26X@1F5B

C`Q



Z

[(&]P97)A=&EN


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M
#`P

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]T928C



M97-E(&-H87)G97

N($]U



@:6X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H




4[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G

2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P







P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


G!X


38P.SPO9F]N




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O






T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ




M


3!P


M93HQ







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US









38P



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-S`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^4&%Y;65N='


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#@\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N









3X\9&EV





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH









M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#(S
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXH
30\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



G!X.V)O


M93HQ

M
38P.S



M;&4]

G!X


2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

M.C$R


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P


M93HQ






[(&)E='1E






M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-#DX(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ






@:6X@=&AE(&%C8W)U

I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.W1E







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA=71O.VUA

#@U)3MB;W)D


M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$




M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT

M9VAT.SYA;F0@0F5N969I='

M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




M;&4]



#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^
C`Q



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXQ.#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^0V]S='




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXU.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV
6UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N


M86X]








G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\

P
#`P







G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R



M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXH
CPO


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N





M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M;&4]

G!X




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXX
#PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='
\+V9O;G0^








'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P




M/3-$

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ
!S;VQI

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M



T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M9!B86QA;F-E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
M
#`P


P
#`P



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

'!T.SXV
#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH,3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N



M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



M;VTZ








M(S`P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXI


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R



#`P
M

G!X






38P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH




Q-C`[
S$\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



M






M0V]L82!2969R97-H;65N='
L(&]R($-#4BX@26X@861D:71I;VXL('=E(')E




M8W0@8V%P86)I;&ET:65S+!R97-P;VYS:6)I;&ET:65S(&%N9!S=')E;F=T
M:'

M87










M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@:6X@=&AE(&%C8W)U960@86UO=6YT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X.W1E

M



M93HQ

M=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!R;W=S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SYA;F0@0F5N969I='




M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P











#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]






M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXT.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3



G!X.R!R




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#$\+V9O;G0^







M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXH
S

M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
M



'!T.SXF(S@R




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O


#`P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P








F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
CPO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG





M

G!X('-O






3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V97)T





M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M9RUT;W`Z













M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='



M


3!P=#L^*#0P




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^*#(Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


M


3!P=#L^
3$\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M86X]

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T0S('-T

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]S
M='

T1V97)T



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E







M

'!T.SY087EM96YT






M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X





P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R






P
#`P
#`[8F%C



M








M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\


M8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$







#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



SPO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O


3!P=#L^26X@




M=')I8G5T:6]N(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@86-Q=6ER960@:6X@
C`P-RX@5&AE($-O

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M;&4]








M93HQ
'!T.SX@;V8@97AP96YS97

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



'!E;G-E<R!O9B`D/]F;VYT/CQF









#`P


3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F



Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P




#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


M:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M97)A=&EO;G






#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=US='EL93II=&%L:6,[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^4F5S=')U8W1U

M92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@;V8@)#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-3(@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R


@9'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


3`\










M='

T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M=&EO;G



]


3!P


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q+`R
#$R





[($)O='1L:6YG($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S.R!A

M96EG:'0Z
F4Z
M




@

L('1H92!S86QE(&]F(&9I







@


#LR+`R,#$P+!O=7(@

M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V








3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!S



'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

M-3DE(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M




T0Q
B4@


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


C`Q




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]






G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E






M



G!X.W!A









G!X





3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXV
3PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M






P
#`P



#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#`P.V)A



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R





#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

P
#`P


M/3-$

P
M
#`P



#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$P

3!P=#L^

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M:'0Z




@



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

T1V





M


M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


#L\




3(@86YD(#(P
3$N($EN(#(P
3`L('1H92!P



M96EG:'0Z
3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;7
L('-U8V@@87



3(P)3MP861D:6YG
F4Z







T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z





2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


2P\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[






M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB






CPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ



M/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

P
#`P
M






M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT





#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ




#LF(S@R
3([(&YE


M

T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


T0Q


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SXR

F4Z,3!P=#L^56YI
M=&5D(%-T871E<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX+#4P.3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z








G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R;W=S




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



P
M
#`P





P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ




3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-PY







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M

G!X('-O


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-PW

M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

M:&5I9VAT.C$R


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q
M+`R




M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M
C`Q

@87

I

3(P)3MP


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T

3`P


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M:61T:#TS1#(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T0Q)2!R



T0V)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS



#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B







P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P







P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z-W!T.SY#;W)P;W)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



M;G-O;&ED871E9#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T








G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










38P




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W




M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M

38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



G!X



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




3X\


M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD/]F;VYT/CPO


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+#0X,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







M9G0Z







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M+6QE9G0Z




M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[26YT
M97)S96=M96YT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M








M;'-P86X]









M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ

34\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V







M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
2PV-#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



3([




M96YU97

M



'0M86QI

M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO


SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXI/]F


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[










M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#$V.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@




2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0R('-T




X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M(S@R




M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\



M


M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]





X
C$R.SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


2PP.#
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;VQD.SXT

T1V97)T:6-A














38P




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\











'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970\+V9O;G0^


M=#IB;VQD.SXR



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A



'!T.SX\9F]N




T1F





B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L.#@R/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





BPV



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#0S
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M.F)O;&0[/B@Q+#(T



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M.SXQ
2PX

T1V97)T:6-A






M



M






M

M;&4]


G!X.R!R






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

M




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P
M=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]





X
C$R



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



F4Z.'!T.SY)
M;G9E<W1M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN









G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


3PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C

T1F





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ









G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF


M=#IB;VQD.SXX.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P





P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD





#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z



C`Q
2`F(S@R
3([($%S($%D



M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

M.'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









G!X.W!A





T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
6QE/3-$=F5R

M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^)B


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


F4Z.'!T.SXT+#<W-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXR,PU-3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M







M/3-$





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V








M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-#8L-30R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]





M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,34R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B












38P





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R






3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;&4]






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C










F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V






T1F;VYT+69A






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M






M





38P.SPO9F]N




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



L

M93HQ



T0R('-T






3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



2PU

M;&4]

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]

M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


3`L




F4Z.'!T.SY);G1E<F5S=!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A




6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M;&4]



T1F








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






M/C0P



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]





3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





T1F;VYT






L
3


T1F;VYT+69A








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B









C`E






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T






M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPT-#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S,L-#(R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT



M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SXR,PR.3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXW
2PV

T1V97)T:6-A



M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T





M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]










G!X.R!R







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXR+#DR,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

M





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W




M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M97

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D






M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V










38P







M;W`Z






G!X.R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M4:&ER9!P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

BPT
C8\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$L,30P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V










M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T











M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.R!R;W=S



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S4L,3$Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT




M;W1T;VTZ


M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3,P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A





G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



S
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]







M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T








M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V






T1F










T1F;VYT




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SXY



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


2PV.#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T1F

U+#$Q.3PO9F]N





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.3@P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







T0R






M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



2PW-#
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O



T1F

CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@





3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

M

SPO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]










Q








M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






M/C0S



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXS,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T



M;VTZ





G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@



M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^*#$X/]F;VYT/CPO




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

I(&)E9F]R92!I
M;F-O;64@=&%X97


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z






B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,30L,C`W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A








38P




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

BPW.3
\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



2PX

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



S-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






C`E.V9O;G0M













M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A














38P










M

CL\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;&4]








#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ







M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,S,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO






M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^-S$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P




P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

T1F

CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






!S='EL93TS1=P

M



3X\9&EV('-T



Q-C`[




T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B


M
#LF(S@R


T1F;VYT+69A




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^
C`Q





P
#`P







T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0P(&-E




3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M
#`P



M

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C(W(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M

'!T.SX@9F]R($)O


3!P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M9VAT.C$R



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


3!P

#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M


M;VUP86YY)W
@
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXN/]F


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N





M93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X


@;V8@8V%R8F5N9&%Z:6TL
M(&$@9G5N9VEC:61E('1H870@:7
@;F]T(')E9VES=&5R960@:6X@=&AE(%5N



#LQ

M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

T1V


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^




SL@=&5R

M(S$V

M=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M=VED=&@Z

M;&4]


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M)B
X







'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M



M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



F4Z,3!P=#L^26YC;VUE(AL;W-S*2!B969O<F4@:6YC;VUE

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3@U(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

M



M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M






3!P=#L^
M)B
X

3!P=#L^26YC



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M('1O('1H92!L;W-S('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@;VX@=&AE('!E



M97)A=&EO;G


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




!S='EL93TS1=P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



'!T.SXF(S@R


#`P
#`P


3!P=#L^







#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

3!P

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V







3!P=#L^)B
X
M

3!P=#L^26YC;VUE




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M87


@


#LQ



#`P
#`P.W1E

Q-C`[



'!T.SXN




M93HQ

M=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V



#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ








M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&9O<B!086-I9FEC(&1U92!T;R!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H
M92!S=')U8W1U<F4@;V8@0E!7+!O=7(@-3`O-3`@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R92!W

R
S


#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

3!P=#L^+CPO




#`P
#`P

C`Q






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ








38P.VUI;&QI;VX\






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG
M/C



#`P









@87
@=V5L





3!P=#MC

#`P

38P






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






M






#`P







3$L(#(P
3$N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N



M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL







M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/C$P(&UI;&QI






3!P=#MC

#`P

38P




@3F5W


T1W:61T





M


3(P)3MF





M87)G97


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/DYO=&4F(S$V
#LQ

M/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M

T1V


3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93LG/C0Q






#`P



3!P=#L^+CPO


M


M





3X\9&EV


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

I(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@=V%S(&EN8W)E

@=V5R92!P87)T



'!T.V-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

V

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M





'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P








#`P
#`P.W1E


3!P=#L^

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-I



M/3-$





3X\


3!P=#L^


M

I(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@=V%S(')E



M(S$V


#`P
M

Q-C`[



M






M86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M;&4]



#`P





N

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C


M=&4F(S$V

M/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/3-$=VED=&@Z




3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N=#X\











M)W

@87


#`P
#`P

Q-C`[
3`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T



3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O;G0M


M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M-'!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P.S(\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\







M.C$R



M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




Q-C`[





M

#`P



@:6YC=7)R960@






M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M








#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M





'!T

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ




T1V97)T:6-A













!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O


M



M96EG:'0Z

3!P=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M
'!T.SXF(S@R



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[=&5X

M/DYO=&4F(S$V

M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$





3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO9F]N







3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N


3!P


2!C




3X\9&EV('-T


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY)

I(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O;64@=&%X97
@=V%S(&EN8W)E87-E


@=&\@3F5W($-#12X@



#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[







3!P=#L^)B
X
M

3!P=#L^26YC;VUE




'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V
#LQ

M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$







3!P=#L^)B
X
C(V.SPO




M
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




@=VET:!#0T4N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ




M5F5N97IU96QA;B!S=6)S:61I87)Y)W




#`P

M.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M='EL93TS1'=I9'1H.C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ











#`P
#`P.W1E

!P97)C96YT/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

F4Z,3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*#0HM

P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D


]
M

T1)1#!%344^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

@04Y$($Q)04))
M3$E42453($1)4T-







M(&%C=&EV:71I97




M

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S



M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q


M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M



F4Z.'!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E
M8V5M8F5R(#

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P





G!X.V)O


M93HQ

M;W5N='










G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^*#4V
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M





M;W)I97

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R.#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*$EN8W)E87-E*2!D96-R96%S92!I











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH

M93HQ








M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T











T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
M
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Q+#@Y
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


W
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W





M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@



]


]

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M17













M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R





#`P

M;W1E)B
Q-C`[



'!T.SXN($%L=&AO=6=H('1H97-E(&9I;F%N




M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A


M

'!T.SY);B!A9&1I
M=&EO;BP@;W5R($-O;7!A;GD@:&]L9'





M

#`P

S0@

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3DY(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX@87



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

@;V8@;W5R(%9)17







T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A




@:&%S


M;65A;G



N($EN('!A


L





]

]

M



M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M:V5T:6YG(&%C=&EV:71I97

@
M87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN(&1E9'5C=&EO;G








@



T1F;VYT


3!P

#`P

#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z





#`P
#`P

3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^(&%N9`D/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT



T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXV+C$@8FEL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.C$P<'0[/BP@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q




#`P

M.SXR




M;&4]

'!T.SXL(')E



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
RXS(&)I




N

3!P=#L^


3(\+V9O


M93HQ

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P


M
3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL





3!P

#`P


#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S0Y(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T











@




M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@


@87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN

M(&]F(&EN8V]M92X@07






M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P

@






#`P
#`P.W1E

38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
BXT(&)I;&QI;VX\+V9O


M93HQ




]



3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


3!P=#L^0F%S:6

@8V]M








M;F4[/C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S(F(S$V
#MM:6QL:6]N



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@861J=7-T960I('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A=V%R9'
@

M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P







]

]


M93HQ







N(%=E(&UA;F%G92!O


@86YD('!R;V-E9'5R97
@=&\@









#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N



'!T.SX@;6]N=&AS(&)U=!L97-S('1H86X@/]F









M=&5D('-T871E;65N='



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


M;&4]

'!T.SY792!A




M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE('-E8W5R:71Y(&ES(')E861I;'D@9&5T97)M




I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R





@879A:6QA8FQE

@


'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B,Q-C`[,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[
M/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

2!M971H;V0@
M86YD(&1O(&YO=!H879E(')E861I;'D@9&5T97)M:6YA8FQE(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=65S(&%R92!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R('5N9&5R('1H92!C;W-T(&UE=&AO9X@





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@









M97)F;W)M('1H:7






L

@8F%S
M960@;VX@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&UE=&AO9&]L;V=I97


M;&5S('!R;V-E961S('9A;'5A=&EO;B!M971H;V1O;&]G:65S+CPO9F]N=#X\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O


3!P=#L^26X@=&AE(&5V96YT('1H
M92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&%N(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@9&5C;&EN97




M+B!)9B!M86YA9V5M96YT(&1E=&5R;6EN97
@=&AE(&1E8VQI;F4@:7
@;W1H

M8V]R9&5D+B!-86YA9V5M96YT)W


L('1H92!L96YG=&@@;V8@=&EM92!A;F0@=&AE








T1T;W`^5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='
@4F5C96EV86)L






N(%=E(&)E;&EE=F4@;W5R

M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@=V%S(&%S(&9O;&QO=W
@









M=71O.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R


M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M

7!X('-O

M

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





M;W1T;VTZ



6QE/3-$




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T
M(&-H87)G97,@=&\@8V]S=',@86YD(&5X<&5N<V5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-38\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




M






B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q-CPO

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M



M/3-$





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^-3

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


@3F5W


T1W:61T
M:#HQ





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M:6YC;'5D97


M='











M:6

38P.U
N02X@*)#;V-A+4-O;&$@2&5L
M;&5N:6,B*2P@0V]C82U#;VQA($9%35-!+8C
38P.U
N02Y+B!D92!#+E8N
M(@B0V]C82U#;VQA($9%35-!(BD@86YD($-O8V$M0V]L82!!;6%T:6P@3&EM
M:71E9`H(D-O8V$M0V]L82!!;6%T:6PB*2X@4F5F97(@=&\@/]F;VYT/CQF






3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O



M8SL^26YV96YT;W)I97

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


@86YD('!A8VMA9VEN9R`H=VAI8V@@:6YC;'5D97

M:65N='

@*'=H:6-H

@;V8@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@

N(%)E9F5R('1O

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]T928C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1T











@;W(@86-C;W5N='
@






M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M.B!B=6EL9&EN9W
F4Z
3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B8C



#`P
#`P


38P.WEE

N($QA;F0@:7






M;VYT:6YU97








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR








#`P


3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P



#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

3!P=#MC

#`P


M



T1F;VYT+69A





M979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97







@87)E('!R97-E;G0L('=E










M;'

@=V4@8F5L:65V92!H




#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B



]
T1T





BDF(S$V

M;&EV97

@;V8@


@9F%C='

@





M;&EV97

3!P=#MC;VQO

#`P

3!P=#L^

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^



'!T.SXF(S$V



#`P

M;W1E)B




@






M971Y(&]F(&UE=&AO9&]L;V=I97
@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!F86ER('9A


M87-S=6UP=&EO;G




@
M9&5T97)M:6YE9!T;R!H879E(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4@=7-E9G5L(&QI=F5S+!I








M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M97-S('=H971H97(@:70@:7




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q


@

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^




M(')U;G


@









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


T1F

'!T.SY4:&4@9V]O9'=I




M87-S=6UP=&EO;G



M9'










@




@86YD(&1O97

F4Z

M
#`P


3!P=#L^

F4Z

#`P
#`P

!P97)C96YT/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT






]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P
F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT





3!P=#L^3W5R($-O;7!A;GD@:7
@:6YV;VQV960@



M9V]V97)N;65N=&%L(&%C=&EO;G
N($UA;F%G96UE;G0@87-S97-S97
@=&AE







#`P

M;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

T1F;VYT+69A



M




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M





'!T.SX\9F]N




N(%1H92!F



M

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4













3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO9&EV/CQS

]



3(P)3MP
F4Z
3!P=#L^3W5R($-O

@86YD+V]R(&-O;G1R:6)U=&5S('1O('!E;G-I;VX@

M86YC92!B96YE9FET('!L86YS(&-O=F5R:6YG('-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL



#LQ
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[

M






M;V8@87-S971S(&ES('5S960@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@




N($AO=V5V97(L('=E(&YO=R!U

M

@;W5R(&YE=R!M971H




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O












'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M=&EV96QY+B!4:&4@:6UP86-T(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@96%R;FEN9W
@

M9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=!P97)I;V1S('!R97-E;G1E9!I;B!T:&ES



]

T0G9F]N




L('!L
M=7





@86YD('1H92!T
M87@@8F%S:7

M9F5R96YC97




@86YD(')E;6ET


@;V8@:6YC;VUE+CPO

3(P)3MP861D
F4Z
3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:7






2DF
M(S$V







I)B



2DF(S$V
#MT




F4Z,3!P
M=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@8VQA<W
]





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


T1F




3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O


3!P=#L^5V4@=')A;G-L871E('1H






@

M8FEL:71I97




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I


T1F






I)B
Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N



N(%)E9F5R('1O

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^3F]T928C

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1T




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M











M:7




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ








#`P




N(&1O;&QA



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX@


M9'




@;V8@)#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
3`S









M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^26X@2G5N92`R

L(&5N
M86)L960@96YT:71I97





M8F%N:W
L('-A=FEN9W








'!T.V-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

@:&%D










M97





M(&]F(#(P
3





FEN9R!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(&9O<F5I9VX@


M;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

2`D/]F;VYT/CQF










@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q





3!P=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M87)T7S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D96)E9&4X.`T*0V]N





]

M

]
M


T1T

M4&]L:6-I97



M87
@87

I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV



M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V
3(P.#4E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T

M($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M:'0Z







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M




\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M



M





38P.SPO9F]N










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS







M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S
M=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



M
#`P




3X\9&EV


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M




M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ



'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D)A;&%N8V4@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
M




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


M


3!P=#L^-#@\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


M;&4]


L(&1I=F5S=&ET


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A






]



]



M9SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G



M;65N='


M;7!L;WEE97


M93HQ

4[9F]N=US



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M9'1H/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;F0@56YI='


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M







M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P













G!X.V)O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R



M








M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


N
M




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^


M;VTZ



M/3-$



G!X


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C8\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4F5S=')I8W1E9!S=&]C
M:SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K





3!P=#L^


#`P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P


2!C;VQS


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T





M;VUP86YY)W

I.CPO

3(P)3MP861D


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


'!T.VUA

3`P)3MB


3X\+W1D/CQT





P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1N;VYE+SXR






M;&4]


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXU+#
W






M93HQ




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#L^



P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXV+#@Y-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z


@3F5W(%)O


T1W:61T:#HQ
M





M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



@8V]M8FEN871I;VXL(&YE


T1T


M97


'!T

4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

I

M=7)E;65N=!P97)I;V0@861J=7-T;65N=',B*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M1#$R(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
B4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q)2!R;W=S



T0Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M:6=H=#HQ






#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




T1T



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




@061J=7-T








3!P=#L^-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$






M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R




G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M93HQ


F4Z,3!P=#L^36%R:V5T86)L92!S96-U<FET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


3!P=#L^5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#$Y-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M












M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XT/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


38P.SPO9F]N







M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-2PQ
#`\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-2PR
#`\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!X.W!A9&1I




G!X







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V









G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ











#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]



M



F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M





3!P=#L^

P
#`P



M


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^*#4T
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#L^
3



M=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P
M=#XT/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


'!T.SX\9F]N






M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^






C`E.V9O

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M+#



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




G!X.R!R;W=S



M;VTZ







B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^)B


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/
F4Z.'!T.SX\<W5P('-T







G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

P
#`P


P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR+#
Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
34L

P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M


M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$U+#`V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A








3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.R!R














M;&4]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


F4Z.'!T.SX\<W5P('-T

4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XT+#$P/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O






M











'!T.SXV+#@V
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^-BPY
#@\


2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P






M;&4]

G!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M


P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^-BPX.34\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$






M=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O






M(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M

C`Q

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M96EG:'0Z


#L\+V9O;G0^



@86UO=6YT(&1U

M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S(@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M

!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HT


3X\




M:'0Z





M:7-A;'









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ-'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M


M('1O(&9R86YC:&ES92!R:6=H='


@9&5F:6YI



M97



P
#`P


X

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P

#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CEP=#L^)B



T0P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M(S$V




P
#`P


M(S$V
#LQ








M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/&9O






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T
M928C



T0P




M/3-$




M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/&9O




!D961U8W1I8FQE+B!4:&4@9V]O9'=I;&P@<F5C



M9'

M(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S('1H870@9&\@;F]T('%U86QI9GD@


]







38P.S$L(#(P
3`@*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3H\


M





3!P=#MM


M=&0@=VED=&@]

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




Q
M-C`[)B

P
#`P






P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

2!C















T1F;VYT




M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^-BPX
SD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T1V97)T:6-A





M/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



4[9F]N=US


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^




@8F5E;B!A




@
M86YD(&-H87)G97





2P@
C`Q
B`H:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O

'!T.SX\9&EV
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F


M/3-$-38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R



P
#`P


M97)A=&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M($)O='1L:6YG($]P97)A=&EO;G

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T1F

\





M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M


M97%U:79A;&5N='

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P







P
M
#`P




P
#`P

M




M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M;W`Z
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R




M93HQ

@


T1F

'!T.SXQ
#@\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M




M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^







M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A


\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M





Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
2PR-C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^0F]T=&QE

G(&9R86YC:&ES92!R:6=H='
@=VET:!I;F1E9FEN:71E(&QI=F5S/]F
M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^
S0Q



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
3
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]













M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N






M
#`P

M




#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M93HQ


M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M



T1F

F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ+#`Y
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^
BPY-S

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O












M





G!X.W!A9&1I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^


M



M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R



'!T.SX\9F]N








3X\9&EV

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY


M



'!T.SXF(S@R





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^



G!X






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXW-3PO9F]N





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV






3X\9&EV









M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M






#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P

M


P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$
!S;VQI

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

G!X



#`P





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B

R+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]

]
T1T97AT

]

F4Z,3!P=#LG/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
M,T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ,C`E.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

38P.S
Q


M;VQD.SXR

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








T0G=F5R





G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY-87)K971A8FQE('-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
!S





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^-S,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(V

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P




#`P








P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







M+4UA='5R:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97




M=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R`H:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV



M
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M97


M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M

T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

\



38P.R8C
38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS
6QE



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@


M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B





G!X.W!A9&1I




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


G!X.W!A


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS









2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L

P
#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M

P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+#$R-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
#`P
M


P
#`P



#`P

M;W`Z






M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M






P
M
#`P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





G!X.R!R




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









38P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
M




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C;VQS






3!P=#L^.#
T









T1F;VYT





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R









T1F;VYT+69A





M/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY$96)T('-E8W5R
M:71I97

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


S




P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P
M


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S










M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\

P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P



3X\9&EV('-T

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





#`P




M/3-$

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#0P,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]














M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P




M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ
3




M93HQ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0G=F5R






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V97)T



#LQ-CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



M
!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I


M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O



L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&)E9V%N



I(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
C`Q






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1W)O








T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O












M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R





#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T1T;W`^26YV97-T
M;65N='

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SY4:&4@0V]M








2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M



3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

P
#`P






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z












#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P






M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

T1F;VYT





P
#`P


3X\9&EV


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


CPO





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


6QE/3-$=F5R


3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N









3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L,#@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^)B
X


P
#`P




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXT
3`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT+#4Y
SPO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2PT
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,3,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P




]


3!P=#L^5&AE(&-O;G1R
M86-T=6%L(&UA='5R:71I97

@87
@;V8@



#`P


38P.S


M(&9O;&QO=W



3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A



M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


M


38P.R8C
38P.SPO

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O
F4Z.'!T.SY#;W-T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


F5D($-O<W0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED


M;B`Q)B













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\




G!X



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A







M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PU.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M



M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



@
M=&AR;W5G:`Q,8C

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D%F=&5R(#$P)B

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXS
#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXS

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^)B
X
M

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


B!S='EL


#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$



P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P








F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M


M=%\S9&
V934V95]C








M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L

]


]




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97


M=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P





T0Q)2!R



T0Y)2!R;W=S




M9RUT;W`Z





M/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



@86YD('!A8VMA9VEN9SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M

6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#L^






#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS+#(V-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B

T+FAT;6P-


M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W


M(%1204Y304-424].4R!!3D0@1$52259!5$E612!&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5
M345.5%


]

]
T1T

]




T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!#
M;VUP86YY)W


I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T



T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@


M9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



M9VAT.C$R

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






M

M;&4]

P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV

M
T1N;VYE+SXR

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X












M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&






M


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^


M

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M



P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z



P
#`P

P
#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C0Y,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C






M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$






3!P


M93HQ


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4U/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^06-C;W5N='




M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R


M



3X\9&EV('-T



#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

#`P
M



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





#`P






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV
M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

T1V97)T:6-A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z.7!T.SY!
M;&P@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDG<R!D97)I=F%T:79E(&EN<W1R=6UE;G1S(&%R
M92!C87)R:65D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B












T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M

T1F;VYT

T1V

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





]


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M;&4]

'!T.SY4:&4@



@*&EN(&UI





T0P



M9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R




T0S


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P



M:'0Z




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




#LS
2P@/&)R(&-L
M96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
C`Q



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


38P.S


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^1F]R96EG;B!C


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






\




@86YD(&]T:&5R(&%S

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXW
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3W1H


\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z






P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^06-C;W5N='



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E









38P



G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^3W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ




M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]M






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXT



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3X\


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY#;VUM;V1I='D@8V]N=')A








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


P
#`P



#`P
M

G!X






38P















#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V


M(&%R92!C87)R:65D(&%T(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E






M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C


M86YY)W

M9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I


M;&4]


T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C



M9VX]




3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H

M97
@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97



T1F

'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M9VAT.C$R

T0T


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^:6X@3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]D


M


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ







P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^4F5C;V=N:7IE9!I;B!);F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL


6QE


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

M


#`P


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P





'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU.3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ



2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\






3!P=#L^0V]S


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



G!X


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T









2!C;VQS





T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL






M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF


M
#`P






3!P=#L^0V]S


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXF(S@R
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P






#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB






P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

G!X.W!A

M






#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








G!X.R!R










M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




\+V9O;G0^











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]











M



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




T1V97)T






'!T.SXH
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M



M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ











#`P

G!X.W!A

M



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[8F%C


P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P
#`P









M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#(T
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


M








38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXH



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]





M







T1F






M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;VTZ



M/3-$



3X\

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$



P
#`P
M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P



#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SY#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P









'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

G!X('-O


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M


3!P=#L^*#(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z




!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O



M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M



M;6]U;G0@;V8@:6YE9F9E8W1I=F5N97-S(&EN('1H92!H961G:6YG(')E;&%T




M5&EM97


M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M9W

Q-C`[
S$L
M(#(P




#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q



#`P

M




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97


M=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V
3(P.#4E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI















G!X





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M



M



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B




#`P



3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A






3X\9&EV

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.W!A9&1I








'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

X
C$R.R!N970\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M


#`P


M




M)B
X

T0G=F5R





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




P
#`P
#`[8F%C



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF



#`P

'!X.W!A9&1I









#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB








M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS-#




M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








'!T.SXH
S



T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P



M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MP861D:6YG


7!X('-O
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M










T1V97)T






3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P








T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
M
#`P





38P.SPO



M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X








P
#`P
#`[)R!R










3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S('1H

M97
@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97


M/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P

T1F

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3!P



M

M.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M/3-$

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



P
#`P

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P




P
#`P
#`[




M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY&





M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T0G=F5R




M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@V,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#MF;VYT


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^*#

M;&4]

G!X









P
#`P



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



#`P
M



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3(P)3MF;VYT




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R97-E;G1S

M86QU97
@;V8@9&5R:79A=&EV97

@:&5D9VEN

@9'5R:6YG('1H92!Y96%R

M:6]N.FYO;F4[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^
C`Q


#`P
M



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M

M9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


M=&\[=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

R)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT





M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q


M1V%I;G




T0Q
M
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



M/EEE87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M;&0[/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I













3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z






T1V97)T:6-A






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T












M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R979E;G5E

M(&-O;'-P86X]









M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









G!X





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M



M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CD\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE











3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










M



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT



G!X












M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^*#$P-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


!S

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
M
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR
M,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^5&]T86P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P




#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P












T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M;VTZ


P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B




]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]


]



M



T1T



3!P=#L^


M



I

3(P)3MP

M93HQ





3!P

M




3X\+W1D





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R979E







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




T1F



P
#`P

P
#`P



G!X



T1F;VYT



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



P
#`P

F4Z,3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M92`H;&]S<RD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



#`P
#MB86-K


M

M;FEF:6-A;G0@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS('=I=&@@0T-%/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ






I.CPO

3(P)3MP861D

M





3!P=#MM


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^3FEN92!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M/3-$






M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]










T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






@=&AR

M/3-$











M





3!P=#L^

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




@;VX@8F5H86QF(&]F($-#



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
#8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M




G!X




M97

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^-C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R





]




3!P


M93HQ



M;F1E;G0Z

'!X



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$





M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3F5T



3X\9&EV('-T







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^



M:'0Z





B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ






M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT






#`P



7!X('-O;&ED
F4Z

M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ






M

7!X('-O


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#(P



M
#`P

M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


F4Z,3!P=#L^3W!E<F%T:6YG(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\

P
#`P
#`[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


3


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#DY
SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^
BPR


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^.#D\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


3
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


3!P


M93HQ


P
M
#`P




3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I


#4P-C@R
C8Q
C`X-24[8F]R9&5R+6-O


M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M






#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)R!R






M



M




M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$V



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^
3


M



M

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ



#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


P
#`P
#`[



#`P





3X\9&EV




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY#=7)R96YT(&QI86)I

G!X


M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
BPP
#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M




3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$R+#(W
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P
M


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C







M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(R+#$Y
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
RPX


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8S.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M




P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H




M;W1T;VTZ




T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[

M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.PY

M

7!X('-O






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CDL


P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P



M

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


S8N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C



3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q


]





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M




2P\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^








'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU+#
P-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



38L









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T0G=F5R







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#(V-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

C







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


P
#`P





M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ


#`P
M



M/3-$





M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
!S;VQI



#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4Q04%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YD969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S


#4P-C@R
C8Q
C`X


M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


3X\+W1D/CQT
M9!W:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X],T0Q(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




P
#`P










T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M+#0S



M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY'



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\

T0G=F5R



P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
3

T0G=F5R




F4Z,3!P=#L^26YD
M969I;FET92UL:79E9!I;G1A;F=I8FQE(&%S<V5T<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P
M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(V+#(Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$





!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




#$R+B!4:&ES(&1E8W)E


3(@86YD('1H92!F:6YA





P
#`P

M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D
M:6YG/3-$

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

M:'0Z








P
#`P




@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R

M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T0S-R4@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP








#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T

'0M86QI9VXZ
M<FEG:'0[/DQA=&EN/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1T97AT+6%L

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY.;W)T:#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV



#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M


P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N








#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M.'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


P
#`P


3X\9&EV











G!X.R!R;W=S







M




3!P=#L^-#0\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N





'!T.SXQ
3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V

M93HQ

T1V







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E






M



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



'!T.SX\9F]N








3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M.#(Q




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXF(S@R
3([



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^061J=7-T;65N='
@



3!P=#L^
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$














G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^-3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F


M97



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I








P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K



G!X




@;V8@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
M









P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXW
3`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P

P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS



P
#`P

M



'!T.SXQ

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P





3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B










3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
M
#`P



#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C



P
#`P





'!T.SXQ
BPR

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F




'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^0F%L86YC92!A

Q-C`[



3X\9&EV('-T


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8W



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$R+#(Q.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M

'!T.SY%9F9E8W0@













38P






M



'!T.SXF(S$V










G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





M;VTZ



M/3-$







M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C$P



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR-3<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


X
M



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









M=&EO;G


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR
M/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
M


P
#`P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


M
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




#`P
#`P



#`P



M;&4]


P
#`P















M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$






P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




#`P
#MP





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P




M
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV-C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M







P
#`P

M





!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z







#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T
M928C





!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^/]F




M96EG:'0Z





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C
38P.S(\





M='


'!T

4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




T0P(&-E



M/3-$
S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/DYE
M=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

#`P



#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\



#`P







M;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P


3X\


G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O




M;W`Z

#`P


3!P=#MF;VYT

M


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O




G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3X\9&EV




M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M

3!P=#L^0F]T

G(&9R86YC:&ES92!R:6=H='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







#PO



M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T
M

M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







2!C









'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




P
#`P




M



M;VTZ


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ.38\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ








T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L-30V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXQ+#4X
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M


P
#`P
M






'!T

4[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P







M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S




'!T.SX\9F]N




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B


M/3-$





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q

P
#`P
#`[


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5-13X-B`@(`@




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M0U)5140@15A014Y315

]


M.C$R





M

E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M

T0Q


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$



#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#(S



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M8F]L9#L^

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR+#$W
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T1V





M





M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S










T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/C


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


#`P

M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?







T0Q/C$R


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



M;7!O;F5N='

@


M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M:6X@;6EL;&EO;G
L(&5X8V5P=!A=F5R86=E(')A=&4@9&%T82DZ/]F;VYT

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]




M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q
M


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



P
#`P



6QE








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P



F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^



3(P



M



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T1F


P
#`P



G!X.V)O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US


#`P




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SY5+E
N(&1O;&QA

C`Q
R8C.#(Q
3LR




G!X



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




G!X.R!R






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXE


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY5+E


#$W)B
X
C$Q.S(P.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L
C`W







F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#0X
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





M;W`Z

3!P=#L^

@9'5E(#(P
C`\+V9O;G0^





F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ,S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

'!T.SX\9F]N





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C@N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


#PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV
M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M








T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C(W
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P










M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V

M93HQ



2!C;VQS





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF


M;W1T;VTZ










3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^




G!X.R!R













#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^

M;&4]

7!X




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P
M






#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$T


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R




#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P


G!X

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ-'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A



M=7-T;65N='

M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC

#`P

Q-C`[




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(&%N9`D/]F




M

M
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
M
C`Q

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+!R97-P96-T






M86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+!T:&4@86UO=6YT('-H;W=N(&EN

F4Z.7!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP


M




#`P

Q-C`[-3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

M:6]N+!W87,@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN



P
#`P




3)P

T1V97)T




38P




3!P

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@9F]R('1H


#`P
M

38P.S


I

3(P)3MP







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]
T0Q


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N





!S;VQI




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T





M93HQ




M


3!P=#L^
BPT


M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^



M




#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ+#0S.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)
M15


]





@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(&]N

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

T1P861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




@3F5W(%)O


M9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z


M


T0G=F5R=&EC



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXR



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
C


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^
C`Q



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ
C@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXR





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ


M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^.3
Q



3!P=#LG

T1W:61T:#HQ

2!C;VQS



4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT


P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T






]

T1)1#!%

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\

M4U1/0TL@0T]-4$5.4T%424].(%!


T1T;W`^5V5I9VAT960M879E

@9W)A;G1E9!A;F0@=&AE('=E
M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G,@=7-E9!I;B!T:&4@0FQA8VL@

M9W)A;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ



M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M



T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M
C`Q


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M.SXR




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0W('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&]F(&]P=&EO;G
@870@9W)A;G0@




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M;&4]

'!T.SXT+C8T









T1F;VYT



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ





M93HQ




G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I






M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M9RUT;W`Z















G!X



3X\


M


M;&4]

'!T.SY2:7-K

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ









T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T








#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




T1F;VYT



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ-'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A








M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



@8F%S960@;VX@:6UP;&EE








M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


C`E.V9O;G0M










3X\+W1D




M


M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XT/]S=7`^)B




]
M




3!P


M93HQ




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q





M=&@]



M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

P
#`P


G!X





T0G=F5R







B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R








#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







P
#`P

M






G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


R



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A














38P

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$



2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I




3!P=#L^)B



3X\9&EV

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE










M;&4]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY&;W)F96ET960O97AP


M

'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M





M=#HQ





#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


T1F

'!T.SXU+C@R('EE87)S



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


P
#`P
M






P
#`P




#`P


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT

F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXR-RXR
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P



M/3-$


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

P
#`P
#`[8F%C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N


3!P


M93HQ


P
M
#`P



M;W1T;VTZ
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[(&9O;G0M


M9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

M;'5D97


P
#`P

M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!R97!L
M86-E;65N=!A=V%R9'


M;B`R






P
#`P



3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M=&%R9V5T(&%W87)D(&%M;W5N='










M=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

T0W



2!C


T0Q


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[/BA);B!T:&]U<V%N9'
I

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




P
#`P


M/3-$










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

F4Z,3!P=#L^-RPP,S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH
38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\


M


M;&4]

'!T.SY/=71S

38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


M

'!T.SXQ-RPU.#0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



M(S`P
#`P

M

M
#`P


3!P=#L^
C@N
#$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






M=VED=&@Z

M;&4]




3PO



M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P






6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE





'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I




E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N




M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]





M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.SY&86ER(%9A;'5E/]F



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




#`P








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^
C8N-3

M;&4]





#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$


P
#`P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR-BXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ






M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P



M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR-BXU-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M

T1F;VYT

T1V

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z
M.7!T.SY4:&4@=V5I9VAT960M879E<F%G92!G<F%N=UD871E(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S(&]F('1H92!P97)F;W)M






















$53T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



M
S$L(#(P








M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M=W-P86X]

T0Q


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]






\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V

T1V97)T



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SY/=&AE<B!96YE9FET<SPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]















M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






3X\9&EV






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A




G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M






M







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
X.#PO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L










M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W)E




T1V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I







\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





3X\
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L,C4Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9RUT;W`Z






3!P=#L^0F5N969I='

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





M




M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@U
SPO







M



M







M;W`Z


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH

M;&4]


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M





M:'0Z





38P.SPO


X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^0W5R=&%I;&UE;G1S








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$








M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^



C`E.V9O



P
#`P
M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C




#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T











#`P
M





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXY+#8Y
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D






P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P
#`P
#`[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F%I

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXV+#$W
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T
M9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXW



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V












M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ+#`P
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B







G!X.R!R;W=S



M






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI









3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



'!T.SX\9F]N



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH




M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^4V5T=&QE;65N='
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF
M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R






P
#`P
#`[8F%C




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



#`P

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C8L

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


#`P
M





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR
#(\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M






#`P

M






M8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


P
#`P



#`P
#`P



M



P
#`P





'!T.SXH
BPP.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M








P
#`P



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



3X\9&EV('-T



CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X





M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M92UH96EG:'0Z



M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(&%N9`\



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

Q-C`[;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M
M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P


38P.S


2X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B
M;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@<W1Y
M;&4]



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;&4]




P
#`P



M



2P@:6X@<&%Y;65N='




@9'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC;VQO

#`P



#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXR


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+!R97-P

N





M/3-$



M92UH96EG:'0Z






@:&5L


2P@
C`Q

M.B
P
#`P








M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M






M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF

2P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M8F]L9#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3X\9&EV('-T







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R;W=S








M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;VTZ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#8X


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


3PO



T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY


M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R+#0S


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N




#`P






T1F;VYT+69A




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M








'!T.SXI/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


#`P




#`P






'!T.SY.970@;&EA8FEL:71Y(')E8V]G;FEZ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#`P.W!A







M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



#`P


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Y,#(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





#`P
M



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

F4Z,3!P=#L^*#<V.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




3!P


M93HQ


]
T1P



@3F5W


M9VAT.C$R
F4Z,3!P=#L^1F]R('1H97-E('!L86YS
M+!T:&4@<')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@86YD('1H92!F


M;6EL;&EO;G

M:'0Z





M



M.W=I9'1H.C$P


T0W



M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





T1V97)T:6-A





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

G!X



#`P

G!X


M


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I





L('1H92!A8V-U;75L871E


@*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS*3H\+V9O

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3!P


#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M8V5M8F5R(#

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR


P
#`P









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



M


#`P


M





M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^.PW
S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXT+#DY.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




@9F]R(%4N4RX@
M86YD(&YO;BU5+E
N('!L86YS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M





I.CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

3(P)3MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HT

M;&4]
T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M:6YG/3-$

M5&EM97


M=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P

M/3-$

T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M/3-$



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C
M96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


C`Q



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


3(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N
M=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A





M97%U:79A;&5N='

T1V97)T




G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ





'!T.SXQ

M;&4]








M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE








M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S



'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M

M



T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)B


M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E
M9!C;VUP86YI97



M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B


2!C;VQS






M:'0Z





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


U



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M8F]L9#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-#$U



B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M93HQ


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
F4Z

M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD



M





38P.SPO9F]N





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B










M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




G!X



3X\

M








G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXR-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V








F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L










M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




P
#`P




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO









#`P
#MP





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU+#4T.3PO



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG





P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR+#`S-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC





@


T1W
M:61T:#HQ





M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3X\9&EV('-T



@8V%N(&-H;V]S
M92X@5&AE('-E;&5C=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@='EP92!O9B!F=6YD(&ES(&1I8W1A

@86YD

M;F5E9'






3X\+W1D/CPO

M/3-$


3(P
6QE

M=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B



M


M86QU92!M96%S=7)E;65N='
@:6X@=&AE:7(@96YT:7)E='D@9F%L;#L@82!R





@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R



'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M



T0Q
M


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




P
#`P









M



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P


M93HQ





M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^52Y3+BUB87-E9!C;VUP86YI97,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X











M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M




G!X




R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M93HQ

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/D=O=F5R;FUE;G0@8F]N9'











M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.W!A







38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


F4Z,3!P=#L^4F5A;!E<W1A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O










'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$






P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



M:60@(S`P
#`P

G!X







M;&4]

G!X

@3F5W


T1W:61T
M:#HQ





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M:7)E;65N=!B96YE9FET('!L86X@87-S971S(&%R92!I;F-L=61E9!I;B`\



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C


M97

38P.S
@87-S971S.R!A;F0@:6YF





]


6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M
F4Z
3!P=#MF







M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0Y)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT



3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T





M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

P
#`P




C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F

3`\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T0G=F5R


P
#`P




P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


C`Q


P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

R!S='EL

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



M;&4]




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^26YT97)E



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(V



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#4W

M93HQ

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





2!C;VQS





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







M;&4]



G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@X/]F;VYT




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M;VTZ






M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R








G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$












M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


3!P=#L^*#8Q




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I









M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I
M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$S-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P





3!P=#L^.#

M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F



P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I





M







M











'!T.SXR
3D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD

3!P


M93HQ





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXQ
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q










'!T.SX\9F]N







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXF(S@R

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X



M



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C
M.#(Q


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M
#L@<F]W







M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




T1F;VYT



P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P

M;W`Z






M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T




#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A






38P.SPO


M






M
#`P

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I



#`P


M;VTZ


3!P=#L^




#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





6QE/3-$

#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
3
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ





P
#`P


M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A
M8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M




#LQ


M96=R871I;VX@:6YI=&EA=&EV97


]
T1P



3!P=#L^5&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L


M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




T0Q



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z










M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




M



M





M;W1T;VTZ





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


C`Q
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV


G!X.R!R;W=S







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






F4Z,3!P=#L^-S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT






M/3-$








M




G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M(&-O;'-P86X]






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ-#`\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXX-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M=!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^



M

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,2PR,#@\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1F



G!X.R!R;W=S








T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L










M;&4]

'!T.SY&;W)E

F4Z
3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P
#`[




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]





#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@S+#`S
CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C


P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS







#`P



2!C;VQS






#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




T1T


M.C$R





M


M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D



M-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

2P\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




C`Q




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;'-P86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
#`[











M/3-$







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M/3-$




3!P=#L^
30\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





G!X.R!R











M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ



B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P


M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
RPP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C




P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P






#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M






P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N



#`P




M

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

G!X

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#$X-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M;W5N='




M(&%S(&-O;7!O;F5N='


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M



#`E

M='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0S('-T


#`P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M





M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R





G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
#`[

M:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G



M93HQ

4[9F]N=US
F4Z,3!P=#L^0V5R=&%I;B!W96EG:'1E9UA=F5R86=E(&%S<W5M


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M


T0Q


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3(E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



Q
M-C`[0F5N969I='




M
#LF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


3(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M:'0Z





M9RUT;W`Z









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT






M;VTZ

P
#`P









#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



3(P)3MF




'!T.SY#97)T86EN('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@
M87-S=6UP=&EO;G




3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS





3!P=#L^)B
Q
M-C`[)B


P
#`P


G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN
M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^3W1H97(@0F5N969I='
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ





M

7!X('-O





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

2!C


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M

C`Q
#PO9F]N


P
#`P
#`[







G!X.R!R;W=S








G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C4P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$












M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










M





G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M








3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXS








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M9&EN9RUT;W`Z





M93HQ




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;&4]

G!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N










3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[8F%C




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

P
#`P


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ








P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N



#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV


#`P
#`P












]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^07-S=6UE9!H96%L=&@@8V%R
M92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M969T.F%U=&\[;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z
3`P)3MB;W)D97(M






M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P




P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T




#PO


M;W1T;VTZ




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M

M93HQ




T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M

'!T.SXR


T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(&9U='5R92!B



3!P=#LG

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@

M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T0Q


2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M87(@16YD960@1&5C96UB97(@



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O






T0G

7!X('-O;&ED





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



M=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P





P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


C`Q.TR,#(R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N











G!X.V)A8VMG


3!P=#L^


M





'!T.SXT-S

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P










M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M




P
#`P


G!X



M

3!P=#L^3W1H






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXU


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

G!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O





P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

#`P
M

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N








3X\


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI
M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^
M)B




M86YD($UO9&5R;FEZ871I;VX@06-T(&]F(#(P
#





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^)#$X(&UI





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I

T1F;VYT



V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E




]
M


]


M9VX]





M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SY);F-O;64@

M9R`H:6X@;6EL;&EO;G

M92UH96EG:'0Z

T1P861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.F%U=&\[=VED=&@Z





2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


38P.S
Q+#PO



M.SXR

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


7!X

R!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M-R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ


G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXS



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXQ
2PX

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



#`P


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


M;F-O;64@=&%X97

P
#`P
M

M:71Y(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@:6X@0T-%('1O(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@=7!O;B!O=7(@
M86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@0T-%)W



#`P

M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M9&1I=&EO;F%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^


]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M








3$\+V9O;G0^


M

#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q

I.CPO

3(P)3MP861D

M





3!P=#MM


M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



M/E-T871E(&%N9!,;V-A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


F4Z,3!P=#L^
M0W5R<F5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L
M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M






M9RUT;W`Z












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




2PT
34\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





G!X





3X\9&EV


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/CDS-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@S

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^-C,R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


3$@)B
X
M







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#



38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]






T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1T

3!P=#L^)B


M+6QE9G0Z

G!X



3X\






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#0R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

F4Z,3!P=#L^,2PW
M-S<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG







M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXR







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T







M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXX-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#(Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M;W1T;VTZ




2!C



M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P


T0R


#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY!(')E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(&]F



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S



M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q




M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

T0Q



T0T)2!R



F4Z.'!T.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




P
M
#`P





M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S$V




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^
M
S4N

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T












T1V





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P









2!C





M



6QE
M/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^

















M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N



#PO


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

M=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


G!X.W!A


3!P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M






2!C;VQS



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^*#$R+C4\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4V%L92!O9B!.



M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


C`E

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M



M


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



M

M;&4]


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M;&4]





#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^3W1H
M97(F(S$V
#LF(S@R

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I







#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C

M;&4]

G!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR-XU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




M;W`Z



M/3-$


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I






P
#`P




M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$



T1V97)T:6-A


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI

P
#`P




M9&]R87
@0V]C82U#;VQA(%!O;&%R(%

M:&%R97

M:6YG(&]P97)A=&EO;G
@=&\@0V]C82U#;VQA($9%35-!.R!A;F0@=&AE(&5X









M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



@=&\@82!N970@=&%X(&)E;F5F:70@;V8@)#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P

@

M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P



@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

38@;6EL




M(&5S=&%B;&ES:&5D(&%C8W)U86QS(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDG

#`X)B
X
C$Q.S(P









M1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP



M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MC

#`P









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



#`P
M




@;V8@

#`P







#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C
38P.S



P
M
#`P



!S='EL93TS1=P861D

2!C




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




F4Z.7!T.SX@;VX@<')E=&%X





P
#`P
F4Z.7!T.SX@:6UP86-T(&]N(&]U<B!E9F9E8W1I
M=F4@=&%X(')A=&4I(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(&YE=!G86EN(')E8V]G;FEZ
M960@87



M86YD(&=A:6YS('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87
@82!R97-U;'0@







@:6X@2F%P86XN(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P

M;W1E)B
Q-C`[



M/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M/3-$=VED=&@Z















@86YD(')E


M


@3F5W


T1W:61T





M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M97



T1F;VYT

#`P
#MT




T1F;VYT

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C





M93HQ

M=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ








P
#`P


M97

#`P

M;CIN;VYE.SXW



M=&EV97







M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O


@;V8@)#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P



@9F]R







T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M

T1F;VYT

T1V


M;&]R.B
P
#`P
F4Z.7!T
M.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P









M9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E
!B96YE9FET(&]F







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

3(P)3MF;VYT


2!C;VQS


3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

@82!T87@@8F5N969I=!O9B`D/]F;VYT





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^

3(P)3MF


2!C


3(P)3MF;VYT



P
#`P







M;'DZ5&EM97





3X\

M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE






M97

#`P

M;W)A=&EO;CIN;VYE.SY.;W1E)B
Q-C`[

M

M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M







C`E


#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M

M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

#`P








!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A


#`P


M87)G97

#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXR-C4@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(')E;&%T960@=&\@


T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^3F]T928C

M;&4]

M;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG
M/3-$





M







#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^

M=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\



M/3-$



3X\9&EV




M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M


#`P
#`P.W1E

C
@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(&]N

T1F;VYT

#`P
#MT
M97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^.#$Y(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@



M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(AO

#`P







#LQ-SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T1V97)T:6-A


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


#L\



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

#`P
#MT97AT+61E
M8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^






@8F%L86YC92!O9B!U;G)E

@3F5W(%)O


M.C$R










M/3-$



M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



3X\





M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P


G!X


C`Q
CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X

M;&4]

3`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
M



T1F






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
R



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
S@W




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXS-30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C8Y/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T








3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXH

T1V




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N



C
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
S
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@










'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
M


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXH


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T-3PO9F]N





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C












M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\






3X\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH




M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ

T1V


M96%S97






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q-#PO




#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C








#`P





3!P


M93HQ



M(S`P
#`P










#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
P
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED


#`P
#`P.W!A

M


P
#`P


3X\




M97

M

'!X.SX\=&%B


!S='EL93TS1=F

M('=I9'1H/3-$-S0E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^1&5C
M96UB97(@,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


C`Q



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1&5F97)R960@=&%X


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^






2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

F4Z
M,3!P=#L^17%U:71Y(&UE=&AO9!I;G9E<W1M96YT<R`H:6YC;'5D:6YG(&9O








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T:6-A


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#(U-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY96YE9FET('!L86YS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N




M/3-$






M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B



#`P

M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M




P
#`P
#`[

P
#`P


M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

M

7!X('-O








P
#`P
M

P
#`P





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T









M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C0L

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M
#`P



3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT+#(V.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


'!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T





M








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R+#(P-#PO


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT










#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ








T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^*#0L




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N








G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^






G!X






M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$








3X\






3X\



M







P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M;VTZ




#`P



2!C;VQS






M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S4S/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






#`P
#MB86-K9W)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P


G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R




M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXH.PU

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z







P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P



M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T+#8V-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M

F4Z
M




P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M



!A
M<W-E=',@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN


M.7!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF

2X\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
M,!C96QL<W!A8VEN9STS1#`@<W1Y;&4]



M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U







P
#`P


M9&%T960@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E='
@87

P
M
#`P



M




T1V97)T:6-A


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO

T1F

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
S
Q(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O



#`P






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ
M;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q



]


@:7
@87
@


M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.C$P

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C




S$L

M;&0[/C(P

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M
F4Z.'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^,C`Q,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M




M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M







M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




M87-E(&1U92!T;R!O=7(@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@;V8@0T-%)W
@9F]R;65R($YO

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T



'!T.SX\9F]N



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT


\

T0G=F5R




M86X]


M93HQ


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^*#(R.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T0G=F5R


M





P
#`P







M;&4]






#`P






M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]







#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M



T1F

F4Z
3!P


M93HQ

T0G=F5R





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]







3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;6EL;&EO;G

M:'0Z





M



M.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R






M/3-$


T1V97)T


P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ


C`Q
M


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



M





M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXD










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$V

P
#`P


P
#`P
M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Q+#0S-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A










#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
RPS.#4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D






M93HQ



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78@



3!P=#L^3T-)(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!S:&%R96]W;F5R


M3T-)+!F;W(@=&AE('EE87)S(&5N9&5D(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





M93HQ
'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



T0V


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M


#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]





#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O








#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

!S



#`P




#`P









P
#`P

M

M
#`P



M



P
#`P



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P



7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

!S



#`P
#MP

M;VTZ






M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A




T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


F4Z,3!P=#L^-S<\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB
M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,CD\+V9O;G0^/]D






T1F



G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M/3-$











M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P




#`P







M:79A=&EV97




M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XQ/]S=7`^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

#`P




3!P=#L^

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G=F5R




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.R!R;W=S





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE











M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXF(S@R





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z

G!X.W!A






M;&EG;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$
!S;VQI

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






'!T.SXH-C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




#`P




#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P

M/3-$

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P








M





T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
2PQ

T1V97)T:6-A


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY296-L87-S:69I
M8V%T:6]N(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;F5T(&EN8V]M93PO





'!T.SXY
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P





38P


P
#`P

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS-S(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C;VQS




G!X










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P

2!C



P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M



P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MB



M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


P
#`P

M/3-$



P
#`P

#`P
M

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




#`P




#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




#`P














T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O

T1F

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



@9&5S:6=N871E


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ-'!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A

M9FEC871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

M.FYO;F4[/DYO=&4F(S$V





M

T1W:61T:#HQ

M




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

M/3-$


3(P

M.B
P
#`P


3(P)3MP861D

3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S


#4P-C@R
C8Q
C`X



M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


F4Z.'!T.SY!9G1E<BU487@@06UO=6YT/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR


P
#`P



M:'0Z




P
#`P






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG

G!X




M

7!X('-O

P
#`P


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P


M

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-C0P/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C




G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S



M/3-$











38P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




M9FEC871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







T1F;VYT+69A


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



F4Z
M,3!P=#L^3F5T(&=A:6X@*&QO<W,I(&]N(&1E<FEV871I=F5S/]F;VYT/CQF

M=#HQ




#`P
#MB

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
#`P

M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


#`P
#MP

M;VTZ






M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS


M93HQ




#`P
#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY!=F%I;&%B;&4M9F]R+7-A

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z












M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







G!X.R!R;W=S







T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^
3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH-3PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M

P
#`P



7!X('-O



T1F;VYT


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




#`P

G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P






M



F4Z,3!P
M=#L^4&5N<VEO;B!A;F0@;W1H97(@8F5N969I=!L:6%B:6QI=&EE<SH\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]



3X\9&EV

M


3!P


M93HQ



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,C,\+V9O;G0^/]D

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S@S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R





#`P



M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^*#<V,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!4:&4@0V]C82U#

T0G=F5R



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P
#MB

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C
P

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


@


T1W
M:61T:#HQ





M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



3X\9&EV('-T




P
#`P





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





N(%)E9F5R('1O(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#`P

M)B
Q-C`[








M9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


C`E.V9O;G0M




M86YY)W










M



T0Q



M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M97(M5&%X($%M;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



#`P
M



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




P
#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S;VQI

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

7!X

P
#`P

#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$
!S;VQI

P
#`P


M




M;&4]

7!X


#`P



7!X('-O



T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M

M;CTS1#


M
#L@<F]W





'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



M9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T








T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


I(&%R:7-I




M/3-$











38P




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


S$\+V9O



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T










M:'0Z





38P.SPO





'!T.SXQ
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT


P
#`P


G!X.V)O


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





#`P




#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P

3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO







M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C










M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M

M;W`Z


M






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M















G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P








\




M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C=P=#XR/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO
M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
3

P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M
#`P



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P




#`P


3!P=#L^
M

P
#`P

2!C;VQS






M:'0Z





M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^3F5T('!E;G-I;VX@86YD(&]T







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L







M









M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M







#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ


P
#`P


G!X





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M

7!X('-O



#`P




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P

3X\

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG












M;VTZ


M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-C(S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


#`P

M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z

M.7!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


@8V%S



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




M





M
#`P

Q-C`[
SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M=VED=&@Z

M;&4]




SPO







V934V95]C
M

M;G0]

^#0H@



M8RX@
S$L(#(P




]

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z


M

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L




T0P(&-E





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




F4Z.'!T.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q+`R



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







Q-C`[



#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



P
#`P


M/3-$


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I






38P.SPO9F]N




P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M
F4Z.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[/DUE87-U<F5M

P
#`P












M




\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



M









G!X.W!A










T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXQ+#
Y
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^
3


M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXT+#4Y



\

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXU.#
\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P




M
3!P=#L^*#$Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



#`P
M




M
3!P=#L^

T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXH



#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


P
#`P
#`[




M:'0Z



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

@




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0S



'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V








3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1&5R:79A=&EV97

T1F

M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G=F5R







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^*#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A
M;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
#`P
M

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



P
#`P


M



T1F

F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


M
#`P





3!P=#L^.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





P
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

P
#`P
M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M;&4]

G!X




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^
M/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/'1A8FQE(&-E
M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N






!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG

2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z






!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3HQ
G!X.V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CL@9F]N



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9VAT.C$R

T1F;VYT+69A

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

Q



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


T0Q


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C


T0Q


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'0M86QI

T1F;VYT

M=#HQ






#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M





M/3-$



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ










M






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I







2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^-#$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\






F4Z,3!P=#L^-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL















3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



M8W5R:71I97

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
2PP-S$\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXR

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXQ



M





M/3-$






M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V

B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]




#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXH

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P
M=#L^

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T


M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^
2PR-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G=F5R




M

P
M
#`P


P
#`P



#`P

M9RUT;W`Z






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

'!T.SXQ
C`\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M;VTZ


M/3-$

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,3$W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



#`P
#`P.V)A

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
M
BPP

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SY
:6%B


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R



38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P


M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


#`P
#`P.W!A



2!C



P
#`P









#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



T1F


#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



#`P




M
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^*#$R
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^.#4\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X





M.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M92UH96EG:'0Z





M.B
P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

#L\



M(&EN(#(P




M



3X\9&EV('-T



Q-C`[

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^4F5F97(@=&\@/]F

M=&4F(S$V









T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E



@



#`P


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






M/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

P
#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T

@*$QO



P
#`P


G!X



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^1&5C96UB97(@


T1F;VYT

#`P
M

#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S



M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


3!P=#L^)B
Q


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





C`E.V9O;G0M




3X\9&EV



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;&4]


G!X



3X\

3!P=#L^07-S971S(&AE;&0@

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@Q
#@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





C`E.V9O;G0M




M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XV/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV











M;CIT;W`[;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^17%U:71Y(&UE=&AO9!I;G9E<W1M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\

M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

38P.SPO9F]N



3X\

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R


















'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








'!T.SX\9F]N





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M



#`P
#MB86-K



G!X



T1F;VYT

'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


M




#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T









#`P

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U







#`P


M92!O9B!S:&%R97






#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



M(&%S(&AE;&0@9F]R('-A;&4@:6X@;W5R(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9!B86QA;F-E
M('-H965T(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R
#$R+B!792!A;'-O(')E8V]G


@8V%L8W5L871E9!B87-E9!O
M;B!


#LQ-SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F


T1W:61T:#HQ
G!X.R!R





M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F




M96EG:'0Z

M;V=N:7IE9!A(&=A:6X@;V8@)#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M








#`P
#`P




@97AP96YS960@;VX@





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]




T1V




P
#`P

N(%1H97-E(&-H87)G97
@=V5R





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
M3F]T928C



M




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


T1F;VYT+69A

T1V97)T

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

F4Z.7!T
M.SY!<R!A(')E<W5L=!O9B!T:&4@;65R9V5R(&]F($%R8V$@86YD($-O;G1A

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P

3@@;6EL


@:6X@





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




#`P

M=&EO;CIN;VYE.SXQ



M/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$,!C96QL






M;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^-#$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^(')E;&%T960@=&\@

M('1O('1H92!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!T:&5S92!I;7!A:7)M96YT(&-H87)G
M97
L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W





M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^/'-U






T1F;VYT+69A

#`P
#MT97AT
M+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^





M96P@
2!I;G!U='

#`P
#`P

Q-C`[



M/BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/'1A8FQE(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M96EG:'0Z

#L\+V9O;G0^










#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N
M93L^



M3&5V96P@
R!I;G!U='




M
#`P

Q-C`[





]

T0G9F]N

3!P

@




@87
@



#`P


38P.S





'!T.V-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


M;CTS1#
R(')O=W-P86X]

T0U



T0Q)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



2!C;VQS




M/3-$



M



3X\



M/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D1E8V5M8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3(\





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



38P.S
Q+`R,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV

P
#`P






P
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

T1F


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P





#LS

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A

Q-C`[
CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

T0G=F5R=&EC







#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#
M87-H(&%N9!C87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M


P
#`P
M





M8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,3@W/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE



P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P


M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$Y.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D
M/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P
#`[










#`P



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R




M;W1T;VTZ


7!X('-O






#`P







T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
X

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


G!X.W!A


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M











#`P






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


#`P
M
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT





M;VTZ


7!X('-O;&ED



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


M





P
#`P

2!C








P
#`P
M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R
M:71I97


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T



'0M86QI9VXZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


R!S

G!X



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)B







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#@T-SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT










B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




G!X.R!R




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXY




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M;W`Z


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXX-C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



'!T.SXX









38P

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^1FEX960M:6YC;VUE('-E8W5R:71I97



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M








G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
M




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C4V



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M9#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXY.#(\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M



'!T.SY-=71U86PL('!O;VQE9!A;F0@8V]M;6EN9VQE9!F=6YD

M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#`P-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M9#L^
2PU

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]






M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






X



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^







B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ


M






M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXS-#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXT.#D\


2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;VTZ


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



P
#`P


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X





P
#`P
#`[8F%C




P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A





M

M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXU
3@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M93HQ


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXW+#4X-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
BPU

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\9&EV

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O




#`P






#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P


3X\

T0P(&-E

!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HQ-G!X.V9O


M


4[9F]N=US






T1F

#`P
M
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@
C`Q
M

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD






M9R!B86QA;F-E(&]F($QE=F5L)B
Q-C`[


N
'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CIN
M;VYE.SY$96-E;6)E<B8C,38P.S,Q+`R


M/C(P





'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#IA




M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0U)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T




O3&EM:71E9#PO9F]N


P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG

\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





B!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T


P
#`P
#`[)R!R





#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




M;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SXR
#$Q



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M






M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


G!X.R!R;W=S




M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





G!X.W!A








M:'0Z





38P.SPO


38P


R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^,S4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



3X\9&EV









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B







M



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXI




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B




M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


@)B
X
C$R.R!N970\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#$\



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXH
38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ-3
\







M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]








M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I








G!X




P
#`P




3!P

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M

P
#`P


M



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ

F4Z,3!P
M=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ<'@@<V]L:60@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M

7!X('-O




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

7!X('-O

P
#`P













M

G!X('-O


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


T



#`P
M

G!X






38P










#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
C`\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B






M;W1T;VTZ




3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P

M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



#`P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P
M=#L^

T0G=F5R=&EC







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M93HQ


M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X








G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C
T.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.R!R



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T






M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

T1V97)T


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$L,38R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


'!T.SX\9F]N


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U)E;&%T960@




G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M









3X\9&EV('-T







3X\9&EV('-T



M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B









M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M

'!T.SY0=7)C:&%S
M97




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C,U/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]



@:6X@;W(@;W5T(&]F($QE=F5L)B
Q-C`[
R`F(S@R
3([(&YE=#PO


X



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M





38P.SPO9F]N


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C





M
#`P







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



#`P
#MB


M/3-$


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E

M;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT


M(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]



P
#`P




#`P
#MB



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

P
#`P


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED



P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

G!X('-O

P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P












30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$







#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


P
#`P


M



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T0G=F5R=&EC




P
#`P


G!X





#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






2!C;VQS




M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z





P
#`P
#`[


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP

#`P


38P.S






]



M(S`P
#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I;VXZ;F]N93L^1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
M
2P@
C`Q


#`P
M



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^

M




3X\

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0V)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[/]F;VYT
M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q-2!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


979E

P
#`P
M





#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY
979E;8C,38P.S(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



Q-C`[
R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O




P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M






P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


#LQ

P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



M=F5L)B
Q-C`[
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T



#`P
M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B


Q-C`[
R`\+V9O;G0^








#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL



T1F

'!T.SXF(S@R





M











'!T.SXX-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



G!X


M
3!P=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^.#8\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\







2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ











G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M93HQ



T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


















G!X










3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV





M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

3!P=#L^


M




M








B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ







B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ










M



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M




'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


F4Z
M,3!P=#L^4F5A;!E<W1A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L<W!A






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q
CL\+V9O




G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[
M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.V9O;G0M

T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S@R

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^)B
X



M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X



3X\

T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
#`P
#`[8F%C

P
#`P


M86X]


#`P

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

P
#`P

P
#`P
M




M
#`P

M


3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M
3!P=#L^
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M93HQ


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P


M


#`P

M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


#`P

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL


#`P

M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

T0G=F5R






M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




3!P


M93HQ



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXY.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#MP861D





3!P=#L^








M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

M

M;&4]

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.S
@87-S971S(&%R92!N;W0@82!S:6=N

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E8U]A




M($E.5$5'4D%424].($%.1!215-44E5#5%5224Y'($E.251)051)5D53(A4
M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#





]


M=&EV97
@86YD('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!A8V-R=65D(&%M;W5N='
@



M



2!C


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C;VQS




M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




P
#`P



M



T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


T1F;VYT+69A


M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO






#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




P
#`P
#`[










M;W`Z

M

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A





G!X.R!R;W=S








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXV
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M




3!P=#L^




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X.R!R;W=S








M;VTZ







G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


S`\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R







P
M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I

#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P




3!P



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P






'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@1&5C
M96UB97(F(S$V
#LS
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[




#`P





M/3-$

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ




#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



M
T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y($EN:71I871I=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
'!X

M;W`Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=VED=&@Z.3DN.#`U
#8X
C(V

M87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q-B!R


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M8W0@0V]S='

T0G=F5R=&EC



M1&YO;F4O/CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P








M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^)B





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&)A;&%N8V4@87



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M;W`Z


M





M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT










38P



G!X.R!R








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;&4]

'!T.SXW
3PO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^-C$\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M




T1V








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^4&%Y;65N='
\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH
S`\+V9O





#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXH-C$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXH



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O







T1F;VYT+69A


B!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P
M

P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG



3X\9&EV
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T
M.SXH,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



P
#`P




#`P


M;W1T;VTZ



M;&4]



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



M

F4Z
M



'!T.SXU.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B


#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P


#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




#`P
#MP





3!P=#L^-S0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P









'0M86QI


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^








T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

















3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT







M;W`Z


M








T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.R!R;W=S












38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXH-S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M










M/3-$



P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SY.;VYC87-H

M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV

P
#`P
#`[



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N

B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


P
#`P




3!P=#L^*#D\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P



T1F

'!T.SXH
C@\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O









'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(&)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@
M1&5C96UB97(F(S$V
#LS




T1F;VYT+69A


P
#`P

P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



2!C;VQS



P
#`P

M



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M;&4]




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$



M+6QE9G0Z


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R







T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ





M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B




M;VTZ










M

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

M;&4]











'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L



G!X


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^*#,T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I






T0R('-T


#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@R/]F


#`P





M



'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O


P
#`P
#`[


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M

G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O



M;VTZ


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS







#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

G!X


P
#`P








'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




#`P

M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

2!C




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X






38P


#`P
M





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ
3PO



T1T



M/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z









M;BUR:6=H=#IA=71O.W=I9'1H.CDY+C@P-3`V.#(R-C$R
#@U)3MB;W)D97(M



M=&@]



M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B






#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


P
#`P








#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M;'-P86X]


#`P



M



M(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L







M

'!T.SXR



M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T







M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A



M/3-$







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I







M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I
M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M





3!P=#L^*#


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M;&4]





#`P

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R





M(S`P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T









#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P

M;VTZ


3!P=#L^.3PO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+71O


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


2!C;VQS



P
#`P


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0S('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY#



M;W1T;VTZ







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





'!T.SXY


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



G!X




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M/3-$



G!X


M
3!P=#L^

'!T.SX\9F]N












M;&4]





M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXH
S







P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M


\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





P
#`P

M




M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I





P
#`P





'!T.SXT.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




#`P


M


3!P=#L^
S(\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M

G!X('-O




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M


M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HR

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[)R!R






G!X.V)O


M93HQ

R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M


38P.SPO

P
#`P


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

P
#`P

M/3-$




M



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

M;VTZ


G!X('-O;&ED



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
M
#`P





38P.SPO


P
#`P

3X\9&EV



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS






M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O





G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C










3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M8F]L9#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO





M/3-$




G!X.R!R



M;VTZ






M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXH
3

T1V97)T:6-A


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@X
#PO9F]N




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B8C.#(Q,CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

P
#`P

P
M
#`P




#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(\+V9O;G0^/]D

P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B@T/]F;VYT


#`P





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/BD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ




T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

P
#`P


M





38P.S



#`P



M

P
#`P


M


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




#`P
#MP861D:6YG




3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
M
#`P


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



M
#`P

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#MF



T1F

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[/C

T0G=F5R=&EC





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W

M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*



M:'0Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A
M8FQE('-E='


M=&EO;G



'!T.SX\
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


M=&@]

M=&@]



M



M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]



M

7!X('-O





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXR,#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P





P
#`P


M/3-$



M



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T




G!X.R!R;W=S



M;VTZ







M92UH96EG:'0Z





T1V97)T




#`P

M

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]








G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





P
#`P

2!C;VQS




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

G!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB
M;VQD.SXQ

T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M:60@(S`P
#`P


G!X.V)O






'!T.SXQ

M

G!X('-O




#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P
M



#`P
M



M;W`Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$




M+6AE:6=H=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N








M


6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM
M86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S
M=7`^)B




@=&\@9F]U;G1A


M

T1V





M



@;F5T(&]P97)A=&EN9R!R979E;G5E


38P.S(L(#(P



]




M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]




P
#`P

2!C;VQS




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A






38P.SPO



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ.2PW
S(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^



G!X.W!A

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R





#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^3F5T(&]P97)A=&EN







'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T







M:60@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$




#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M+#4T

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P



M9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


3X\9&EV('-T



3(P)3MF




'!T.SY4:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R;W9I

Q-C`[)B
X
C$R.R!N970@*&EN(&UI;&QI;VYS
M*3H\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






M

M)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$


G!X



3X\

M.SY996%R($5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C`Q,#PO9F]N=#X\
M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





G!X.W!A9&1I






M;W1T;VTZ






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/B0\+V9O;G0^



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^.PU
#D\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US












T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M




M




M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M





T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






#`P

G!X


M



P
#`P
M

38P.R8C.#(Q


M
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
30L.3




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]





]





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M






M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M=&@]



M



T0Q



T0R)2!R



T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M


T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P







P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


P
#`P







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M.G)I9VAT.SY




M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z-W!T.SY086-I9FEC/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^


#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



F4Z


P
#`P



M:'0Z



M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R


T1F;VYT




#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M=&EO;G

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM





M/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\


#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A




T1F

38P.SPO9F]N





M



F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD




G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B











G!X

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F






M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

Q


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T

M




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M

38P.SPO


M;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD





M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



T1F;VYT





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z











#PO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B








M8F]L9#L^








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXU+#4U.3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]















M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$R-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]






X
C$R.SPO






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B








M:'0Z8F]L9#L^-#@L



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M:'0Z





38P.SPO


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M.#(Q





38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1O=&%L(&YE

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,2PV.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^


T1F;VYT+69A



G!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI

M-#@L





M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S






T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT
F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L-3DW/]F






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T







G!X.R!R;W=S


M=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B










M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF





M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD











3X\9&EV('-T

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;&0[/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M(S@R











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M

M

M86X]




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M








M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]






M


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI

M





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$

M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD




M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L

M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT









G!X.R!R



M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

#LF(S@R
3([(&YE=#PO


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




T0R




3
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V








M;'-P86X]





6QE/3-$=&5X=UA



M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ

SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M/B8C.#(Q

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXX

T1V


T1F;VYT+69A


M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ+#$Y



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M;&0[/C
L


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL









G!X



M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



M;&4]



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M


M96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)B
X



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




C`E


6QE/3-$=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ


M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI

M




M9RUT;W`Z




M:'0Z






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

M.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(L
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






G!X.W!A9&1I



3(P)3MF;VYT+7-I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L








G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M(S@R




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






M86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS
M/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T
















3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


SD\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXQ

T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M.SXX+#(U



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[









M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C$P+#0T.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O
M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



#`P



M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

P
#`P








M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
M.SXX.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD





#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P





M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M93HQ




M
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T0G=F5R=&EC


P
#`P




BPW.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



CL@
M07

@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





'0M



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1T




M:'0Z





38P.SPO




G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ








M;W`Z






G!X.R!R

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF


M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A

#MP861D


M





38P.SPO9F]N






M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B





M/3-$
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B











3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M9RUT;W`Z






T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T












'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M







M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






X
C$R



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


'!T.SX\9F]N





M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C




F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]



G!X.W!A


M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^

M(&-O;'-P86X]





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@





M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI




3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



RPP.3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V




BPX

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#L^
BPS

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A

BPQ-3$\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ



3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


\







M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^)B
X
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B








T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B




T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F;VYT+69A




M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



G!X.R!R;W=S


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



CL\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

M.SXF(S@R

'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B









M9RUT;W`Z








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L


M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]




M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




38P.R8C.#(Q

T1F;VYT

T1F;VYT


B!S

G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXS,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXV/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X



M;W1T;VTZ





G!X.R!R


M9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


F4Z.'!T.SXV.3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T
M:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M








M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S





B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPQ-30\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ





T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A



M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S







T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





M.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XQ/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



L

M93HQ


M=#HQ


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


RPT
C(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V





M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


4[9F]N
M=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]










'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






F4Z.'!T
M.SY);G9E<W1M96YT<SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



SPO






M/C(T



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


C8\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


3


T1F;VYT







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP



M9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P


3X\9&EV



#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M;&4]

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z



M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3`U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T


#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




#`P


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M


P
#`P


M




#`P


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N
F4Z.'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV


#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ




#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]






C`Q
`F
M(S@R,3([($%S($%D:G5S=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X.W!A9&1I


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^









M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M










38P






M:'0Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


R!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B

M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M9RUT;W`Z

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MF




G!X

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



R!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H

T1F;VYT



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





M;W1T;VTZ




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^.PR
38\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

2!C

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXS-2PQ,3D\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





38P.R8C
38P.R8C





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







T0R






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@






M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M



T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD



M


M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q




BPU-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M






M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3$L,C`U/]F







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V









T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M



'0M86QI


M9RUT;W`Z



M/3-$













'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



BPY-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V




BPT

M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE
M.CAP=#L^
2PU

T1V97)T








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

BPP




M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG



M(&-O;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI



3X\



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M.'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
M:7IE.CAP=#L^)B
X



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B









M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


X
C$R.SPO9F]N



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\



M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T1V97)T





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT







M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T







M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O








3X\









M


M:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,3`V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V






M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ

M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^


M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@









'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]




38P.R8C.#(Q

T1F;VYT





M;'-P86X]






2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




'!T.SX\9F]N



M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ
M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M








M86X]





T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L

M/3-$















G!X.R!R





M








M93HQ






G!X.R!R;W=S





B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







M/3-$




B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,BPY.#0\+V9O;G0^/]D


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE







M


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ-PR



M



M



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ










3X\9&EV('-T


M;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M9VXZ=&]P.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
4[9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XR/]S=7`^
M)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B

M;&4]


M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


Y.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M;VTZ



M/3-$















M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

T1F;VYT

CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



S
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T






4[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C5P=#XS/]S=7`^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]




T0Q/CQD:78@











G!X


M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^,C0S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L
F4Z.'!T.SXQ,C,\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\





B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ











3X\9&EV('-T


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



#`P

M;W`Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N






#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T


P
#`P

M




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



3X\9&EV('-T


M


P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

G!X('-O

M

CPO9F]N



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,X,C$R
M.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@




#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N






M=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ=&]P(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ





M;&EG;CIT;W`[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3(P

#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


2P@<&QA;G0@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N






P
#`P

F4Z.7!T.V-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N.FYO;F4[/C$P('!E<F-E;G0\+V9O





#`P
#MT97AT+61E8V]R
M871I;VXZ;F]N93L^
C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M=US:7IE.CEP=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z-G!X.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O









M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?
M864R-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

M:&5E='

T0G=&5X




M

3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P





T1T;W`^




3!P


M93HQ

M:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

'!X.VQI

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




M



T0Q



M;&4]


M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV



#`P


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]

7!X


P
#`P


G!X


P
#`P


3X\

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


C`Q
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


P
#`P

2!C




G!X.W!A


M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
S
\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^




M;VTZ






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T


\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXH
CD\+V9O;G0^


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,30X/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M






M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-C

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXV-38\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@




&5S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^*#$S





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M









#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I



M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P


M

M8FEL:71I97

T0G=F5R=&EC




#`P


M


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H
M=#IB;VQD.SXH

T0G

G!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z






P
#`P


G!X.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

M
#`P



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D96)E9&4X



]
T1R97!O





C@L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


]




]


]


]


]











M861E;6%R:W

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P

]
M

]
M

]

]
M

]
M


M9VX]




M1&YU;7`^
2PX
#`L
#`P+#`P


]


]



]


]



]




]




#`P+#`P


]

]
M

]




M


]



@:6YC

]




P

]



T1T;W`^061V97)T:7-I



]
T1N=6UP/C
T.2PP
#`L





]




M
#`L

M1&YU;7`^
S(L
#`P+#`P



M:69I960@87

]
T1T


]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X







M97-T;65N='


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0W5M=6QA
M=&EV92!%9F9E8W0@;VX@4F5T86EN960@16%R;FEN9W,L($YE=!O9B!487@\

]


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y+#`P

]
M

#`L

2PV-30L
#`P+#`P


#`\






]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#`P


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q+#(P







]

#`L


#`L
M

]
T1T

]




]


]


]

]
T1P


]



]














]

]


]


]


]


]



M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT

]


]


T1T;W`^36%C:&EN97)Y(&5Q=6EP;65N









]
M




]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T











]



P
&)?-&)E8U]A






]



M5!!0T-/54Y424Y'(%!/3$E#2453(A$971A:6QS(#(I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







]





@=&\@







^+RH@1&\@


$5(






M/3-$
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
C`Q
CQB

#$Q

]
T1R


]


]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#@\



\+W1D/@T*


]


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


]
T1R

]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-3





V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D
M93@X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
M






]

M4$]
24-)15
@*$1E=&%I;'




T0Q/CPO=&@^


M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^5F5N97IU96QA;B!S=6)S:61I87)Y/&)R/CPO=&@^


CDL(#(P
3
\8G(^3&]W97(@16YD(&]F(%)A;F=E/&)R









]
T1R

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0N

]
M

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]








]


]


]

N:'1M








M4TE424].4R!!3D0@1$E615-425154D53(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R



]


]

]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R/D-O8V$M0V]L82!%;G1E

N)W
@*)#0T4B*2!.;W)T:!!;65R:6-A;B!B=7-I;F5S

M

N)W




M/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
BP@
C`Q

@

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^


#$P/&)R/D-O8V$@



















U+#`P


2PP
M
#`L











M


]













]


]


]


]





#`P+#`P


]



T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G



S
N




@

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P








L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1N=6UP
M/C4L



]


]
T1N=6UP



]









3
W+#`P

]


#`L
#`P








#`L
















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

#`L


M9B!;W1T;&EN9R!#;VUP86YI97,@86YD($]T:&5R($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T

#`\

M(#4V
BPP
#`L


]


]


]


]


]




M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*




T0Q/C
@36]N


M1#$^
R!-;VYT:'






]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$R/&)R/D%U:F%N($EN9'5S=')I97
@5')A9&5M87)K

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P



#(L(#(P



\8G(^4W1O8VL@3W!T


N)W


M
#(L(#(P



\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q




N)W


M8RX@
S$L(#(P

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^0T-%)W

\



























]
T1R93X-



]





M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
N

]
M


]


]


]


]

]
M

]


]


]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`\

































]


]


]


]


]




]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]







W
SQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
M

]
M

]
M



]


]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L-3



BPU


































M97AT4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-




@*$1E=&%I;'
@
RD@*$-O8V$M0V]L

N)W
@*)#0T4B*2!.;W)T:!!;65R:6-A;B!B

@;W1H97)W

#(L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^



\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
M
BP@
C`Q

@;V8@06-Q=6ES:71I


]
M
T1T:#Y397`N(#

M9B!!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!$871E(&%S(&%D:G5S=&5D(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO



]


]


]


]


]






]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]



]



]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N












]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]







]













]
M






30L-#8X


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='

2PX



2PX
M











Q




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;F]N






M1&YU;7`^
BPV
#

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.3

BPS



M9VX]


]


]


]


















]


]


]



]




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^5')A9&4@86-C;W5N='

\










M;7`^











]


]


]


T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D(&9A:7(@=F%L=64\

]


]


]


]


]








]


]
T1N=6UP/C



C

V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?

T0G=&5X



@*$1E
M=&%I;'



T0Q/CPO



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^1W)E870@4&QA:6YS

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^0V]C


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0V]C82U#


#(L(#(P


S$L(#(P

M87!P;&4@1W)O=7`L($EN8RX@;&EC96YS92!R:6=H='
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`P
BP@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\


M96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]










V


]


]










]

]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M-C



















M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C(I












]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T


]


]



















]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]








]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\














M

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1R;SX-




]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y($UE=&AO9!)






M86YI97
@86YD($]T:&5R($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]
T1N=6UP/CDW


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]




























R


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T






]


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P




#$Q/&)R/D-O8V$M0V]L82!%;6)O;F]R(%-!
















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M5')A9&4@06-C;W5N='





]


]



T1T;W`^26YV96YT
M;W)I97

]
T1N=6UP/C$X-SQS



]
T1N=6UP/C(R


]


]


]



]











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



3





]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N










M


]

M1&YU;7`^
BPY-S














]




]






]


]


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@;&EA
M8FEL:71I97

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@






M;7`^.#

























]


]


]


]












M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@










]






V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E




]
M

L('5N;&5S

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@





]
T1P


]



M97

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]

]
T1R

]



T1T;W`^079A:6QA


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0T


M(%-E8W5R:71I97

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q





M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97
L(&5S=&EM871E9!F86ER('9A;'5E+!T;W1A;#PO


T1T;W`^1&5B


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^







;W-S97
\+W1D

]
T1N=6T^*#

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
S


M9&
V934V95]C






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@*$1E
M=&%I;'
@


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P



]









M='5R:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97


]

]
T1N







]




T1T;W`^2&5L


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2&5L9UT






M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X

O4VAE970V
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@*$1E=&%I;'



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


2P@
C`Q
M

M

]
M






\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


\+W1D


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP





]

]
T1R93X-







M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@*$1E=&%I;'
@-2D@

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]


]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L



M4$%




]
T1N=6UP/C







]
T1T

]
T1T

]


]


]












]



]

]
T1N=6UP



M=&]P/D]42$52($E.5D535$U%3E13+!04DE.0TE004Q,62!3U143$E.1R!#
M3TU004Y)15


]
T1N


]

M86QI9VX]

\+W1D


]
T1R

















]



]


]

\+W1D





]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C
M7V%E
C1?-F$U

O4VAE970V
RYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M5%
@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#







L


]








]
T1N=6UP/C(Y.3QS

]








L('=I=&AI;B`Q('EE


]

]







3`@






]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5(0D%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


M1#(^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=!M971H;V0@:6YV97-T;65N
M='



V1C-F4U-F5?
M8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D96)E





]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I


M



]


]


]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1FEN:7-H960@9V]O9',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]
T1N=6UP/C$L







]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPP

M8S9E-39E7V
P





]

T1)1#!%


M24].4R!!3D0@1$52259!5$E612!&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%
@*$1E
M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G





T1T

]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!L96YG=&@@;V8@



]

]
T1P


]





]

]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C

RPV




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M

M;7`^





]


]
T1R93X-


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R/'-P








]


]



]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]


T1T;W`^3F]T:6]N86P@06UO=6YT(&]F($9A
M:7(@5F%L=64@2&5D9V4@26YS=')U;65N='


]

]
M


]



]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97



]
T1N=6UP/C$W



]



M


]







]







M86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97

]
M

]




]



]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C(T/'-P86X^

3$V/'-P












M;F%T960@87



#QS

]


]
T1T97AT


T1T

]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@1&5S:6=N

L(&%T($9A:7(@





S




]





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP




]





]


T1T;W`^1&5R





]

]






]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97



]


M;65N='


M3&EA8FEL:71Y+!A=!&86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]




:6%B




M=&EV97





@2&5D9VEN















M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
M
C1?-F$U

O4VAE970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4T%#5$E/3E
@04Y$($1%4DE6051)5D4@1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13


^

M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]

I





;W-S*2!2


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#






T1T;W`^1V%I;B`H

]






]

I(')E;&%T960@=&\@9&5R







]


]
T1R




M92`H26YE9F9E8W1I=F4@4&]R=&EO;B!A;F0@06UO=6YT($5X8VQU9&5D(&9R


]


]
M






M='

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]



]



]
T1N=6T^*#(I/'-P


CQS


T1T






S0\






C







]

]
T1P


@?!#;W-T(&]F(&=O;V1S('-O;&0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]

]
M





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^

]

]









]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P/'-P86X^


]

I(T@;F5T/]T




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@










@86YD










































]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6T^*#




]

M;W-S97










T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97

M;F%T960@87








\+W-T

]



T1T;W`^1V%I;B`H


]

T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97

M960@87


]


]


]





]


]



]

]


]








]



]







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
@3F]T($1E








]

M97






;W-S


]








]


]

]
M


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
BD\

M

]








]




]
M

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]
T1R

I(')E;&%T960@=&\@9&5R:79A=&EV92!I





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


P
M







]

T1)1#!%2T]2SX-B`@




S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M971H;V0@26YV97-T965S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q






M

\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M8RX@
S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

























M1&YU;7`^
S
N































]
T1T

]
T1N




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(V+#(W


]


]


]


]


]








]

]
M

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L


]
T1N












97-S.B!.970@:6YC;VUE(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!N



]


]


]


]


]


]




M1&YU;7`^
BPY












]






































S$T

M









]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]







]

\+W1D

]


]


]



]
M

]


]


]


]


]


]


]




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@
















38L

3
L.38P/'-P86X^













T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D















]

]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T




3(L



]

]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

M97

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+#
Y
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]


]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS




M

M1&YU;7`^













]
T1N=6UP/B0@.2PR
M


C












M4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C




T0S



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C


]



]


]


]

]
T1P






]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT





]


]


]



]

2PQ-C(L
#`P+#`P
M









C$L
#`P+#`P
#QS

#`L







M-2PP
#`L


#`L


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






I(A5
M4T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


]


]


]










30L

M;7`^
30L.3




86YD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




T1T;W`^0G5I;&1I;F=S(&%N

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L




]
M


M9VX]




]




M:6]N(&EN('!R;V=R97-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]


]


]




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M


M+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







]


]


]



]
M

]



]


]


]

]
T1P

M1&YU;7`^





#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




M/3-$=&]P/C(P

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^


]



T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M












T1T;W`^3F5T(&1E9FEN
M:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D










M=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S













M





M:W

]









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M








]

M86QI9VX]






]






T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\+W1D/@T*

]








]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]


]


]






]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


]


]

]
T1R



3


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M8S9E-39E7V
P





]

T1)1#!%





]

]
T1T97AT


T1T



T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6T^*#$W






]

]
T1P



3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT




]

M1&YU;7`^

]




]
T1N=6UP

M=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@



]




]


]





]


T1T;W`^061J=7-T;65N='

]




M:61A=&EO;G
@86YD(&]T:&5R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^

]





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V



T1T;W`^169F96-T




T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@




]






M







]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$P



]
T1R

3`P/'-P

3DU





Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







]


]



3PO=&0^#0H@





]



]




]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$\+W1D/@T*

]



]

]



T1T;W`^/'-T









]


M


]

]
T1N=6T^*#$W


M;F-E(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



V1C-F4U-F5?
M8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

O4VAE970W
M


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M04-#3U5.5%
@4$%904)



]


]


]



]









]


]

M1&YU;7`^
S



]
T1P


M

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS





S$L(#(P
3(\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]



]



]



]

]
M







M9&EN9R`H87









]

]





]





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4U1$Q-/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]



M/3-$


]

]
M

]
T1T


]


]

]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T0Q/C`@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'





M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y.;W8N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`S

]
T1T:#Y*=6PN(#`Q

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$R/&)R/DYO=&5S(&1U
M92!O;B!-87)C:`Q-`R,#$X/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^3&]N9RUT97)M(&YO=&5S/&)R/CPO



C`Q


#$P/&)R/E1O


S$L(#(P
M

2`R
M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8F5R(#$@
C`R


\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
CQB


C`R
#QB

#$Q

#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/E4N
M4RX@9&]L;&%R(&YO=&5S(&1U92`R,#$S+3(P.3,\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S`L
M(#(P

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^0T-%)W


\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]

S`L(#(P


#$P

@3F]R=&@@06UE

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^


@52Y3+B!D;VQL87(@9&5B

C`Q
B!T;R`R
#DX(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

@9'5E
M(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q



M8RX@
S$L(#(P




M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



M96YT(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE(&1E8G0@87-S=6UE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@













































T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT97)M($1E8G0L

]
T1N=6UP/C$V
M+#
V

]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+#
V


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C
P





]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@S




M
2PX












]
M











]


]
T1T97AT/C
































]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N








]

]


]


]


]



]

2XX


]
T1N=6UP/C
N




]


]
T1N=6UP/C(N

BXS

]
T1N=6UP/C@N-#`E/'-P

2XW
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C












]
T1N=6UP/C8N-3`E/'-P







]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1R


M;7`^
C



M1&YU;7`^


C











































]



]


]


]

2PS




]
T1R93X-



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]
M


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M

M;7`^




















]


]







































M=&5R;2!D96)T(&YO;B!C=7)R96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S












































]

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0R
CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
M17AT:6YG=6ES:&UE;G0@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]












































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

M:&]R=UT97)M(&-R961I=!F86-I;&ET:65S(&%V86EL86)L93PO=&0^#0H@











































]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^


]

]
M

]
M

]
M







































#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#
M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E









M;'-P86X]


T0Q/C$T-!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@

]

]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


M8RX@
S$L(#(P

@;W=E





#$R/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]


]


]


]


]



M;G-E(&%N9!I;F1E;6YI='D@8V]S=',@=V]U;&0@8F4@879A:6QA8FQE/]T





]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^2&EG:!E;F0@;V8@




]














]


]


]


]



]


]


]






]

;W-S(&-O












]


]

]


]



]





]


]


]


















#`N
































]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]





]


]


]



]



S


]


]


]


]



]











#$V/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D













]


M








M8S9E-39E7V
P





]

T1)1#!%

M
T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@



^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

T0S/CPO=&@^

M

#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^0T-%)W

\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
#QB


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
#`X+3(P
3`L(#(P
#D@86YD(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^0T-%)W

\
M8G(^
C`P.2!097)F;W)M86YC92!097)I;V0\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


C`P-R!097)F;W)M86YC

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

S$L
M(#(P

M
#
@86YD('1H97)E869T97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#`S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^

2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/E1I;64M0F%S


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



M(%!


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4Y



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]










































]
T1T




































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C











M97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

BXW

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


M1&YU;7`^
3@N


3DN

C`N







]








































]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


#`L

C0P+#`P

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

M97

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
2PP
#`L
#`P



L
#`P+#`P

]







































#`\

M
C
L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]



S`U+#`P

]




]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



M;VX@1&5C96UB97(@






































M;R!V97-T(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^17AP96-T960@=&\@



































]

#$R+!796EG:'1E9U!=F5R86=E(%)E;6%I;FEN9R!#


]
T1T97AT/E`U63E-





































2P@
C`Q


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






































M(&]N($1E8V5M8F5R(#



M;7`^




































S$L(#(P
M
3(L($%G9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




M;&4@;VX@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(L($%G9W)E9V%T92!);G1R:6YS:6
@

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











#`L

S(L
#`P+#`P


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%I9!I;B!C87-H(&5Q

]
M























M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-BPP












































]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#
V-BPP



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]









]


]


]



T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E




]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%I9!I;B!C
M87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G0L(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0M1&%T92!&

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]



M
S$L(#(P
3(L(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@1W)A;G0M1&%T92!&86ER(%9A


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C@N

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C8N-3









]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D(&%N


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(P
XP,4\




M
#`N




















]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
L
3`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]











































































M:71S(&%T('1H92!-87AI;75M($%W87)D($QE=F5L(AI;B!S:&%R97,I/]T









































I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

























































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M



















M;7`^


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

M=!A=V%R9',@870@=&%R9V5T(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@












P

























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]



M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]
T1R




]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q+#(P



2PR
#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS


































]


#`L
#`P/'-P



































@





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





















]
T1N=6UP/CDR+#`P




M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5$5$))/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

M3D5&250@4$Q!3E
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L











C4U/'-P


M
T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1N=6UP/C
Y



]

]
T1N=6T^

M;7`^

M/3-$=&]P/D%M96YD;65N='

]
T1N=6UP/C$L




T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE
M;65N='

]
T1N=6T^*#(T*3QS

]


T1T




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C@L


\+W-T

]


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N

























BPQ
#DI/'-P

BPP




]



]



M86YC92!S:&5E='

]
M

]






M8FEL:71Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R+#0S
2D\



]

]
T1N=6T^*#(L




]


T1T;W`^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A


T1T






]
T1N=6UP/C@L-S
V/'-P86X^







]
M


M9VX]



]

]
M


M9VX]



]


M87



M87






\

]


]

3PO=&0^#0H@



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@8F5N
M969I='

]


]

]









]


]




M;7`^

]

M;3XH

M;G5M/B@Q




]

]


T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N='
\



]







]

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^



2PQ









M1&YU;7`^








T1T

\+W1D









]
T1R









]


T1T
M;W`^0F5N969I='



]
T1T


M




]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#@X



]


P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D


]
M





M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*


]







]



]
T1T97AT

]


]

M;'5E(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$





]


]


]

BPP



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S

]
T1R



M






]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]
M

M86QI9VX]







]






N(%!L

]









]

]
T1N=6UP/C@W/'-P

3(S














]
T1N=6UP/C@V/'-P




M;VX@8F5N969I='

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]
T1R93X-

]
T1N













]
T1N=6UP/C$L

M+E












]
T1N=6UP/C






]


]



]


#QS


T1T;W`^
M17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
@26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E9!C;VUP86YI
M97

]





















]
T1R:#X-

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]
M
T1N=6UP/C
R

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97
@26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB
M87-E9!C;VUP86YI97


]





]

]





]
M

]
M

]







]





]


]


]

SDY

M



N(%!L86X\+W1D/@T*

]





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V


]


]

M;G


]
M

]
M

]



@86YD



]





]

]
T1N=6UP/CDX


]


]


]


]



]





\

]




M871E(&)O;F1S(&%N9!D96)T('-E8W5R:71I97,@?!.;VX@52X@4RX@4&QA






]





]


]
M

M(&]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M
T1T;W`^375T=6%L+!P;V]L960@86YD(&-O;6UI;F=L960@9G5N9',@?!0
M96YS:6]N(&)E;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X







]


T1T;W`^375T=6%L+!P;V]L960@86YD(&-O;6UI;F=L
M960@9G5N9',@?!5+E

]
M


M9VX]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L













]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP/C









]








]


]


]















]
T1N=6UP/C
Q









]


]



]

M


]








]


]

]
T1P






]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@












]









]







M/D]T:&5R('P@52Y3+B!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]




]


]



]




L($1E9FEN





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^52Y3+B!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




3`N
#`E/'-P86X^

M970@86QL;V-A=&EO;BP@97%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97


]


]

S`N
#`E/'-P86X^

M970@86QL;V-A=&EO;BP@86QT97)N871I=F4@:6YV97-T;65N='
@*&%S(&$@

]
T1N=6UP/C(X+C`P

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!#;VUP86YY(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R`H87
@82!P


M/DYO;B!5+B!3+B!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T(&%L;&]C871I;VXL(&%L=&5R;F%T:79E(&EN=F5S


34N





T1T;W`^175R

@4&QA;G




]



@82!P97)C96YT*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T1T;W`^1VQO8F%L(&5Q=6ET:65S
M(%M-96UB97)=('P@52Y3+B!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S






T1T



]












]
T1T97AT

]



@?!5+E,N(%!L86X\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]



M:71I97

]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P


]




M


M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

M96YS:6]N(&)E;F5F:71S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^26YT97)E













]

M




M9VX]



C`V/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP
M/C




]




]
T1P


]


]





3(\





M/3-$=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E(&EN($%/0TD\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#$L





]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5C;V=N:7IE9!N970@86-T=6%R:6%L(&QO





T1T


]
T1N=6UP



M
2PP

M1&YU;3XH
2PR










]
T1N=6T^*#(L







]
T1N=6T^*#
L


]


]



]



]


]

]
T1P


]


C

M97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


]


]


]




T1T;W`^4F%T92!O

]
T1N=6UP/C
N
C4E







]







@*&%S(&$@

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
C4E


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^52Y3+B!0;&%N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S














]



]









]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@
M8F5N969I='

]



T1T;W`^/'-T








]



]




BD\

M

M/B@V



]

]


]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V5T=&QE;65N=!C:&%R9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@






]

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^




]

]
M


]


T1T;W`^0F5G:6YN:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4@:6X@

]
M

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U




]




]






]






]


]



SQS


]
M

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



L($%M;W5N='



]
T1T97AT


T1T

M87

]
T1T


M

3`I/'-P86X^






]




]


M=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G









M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?864R
M-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

M='
O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N

M

#(L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R



]





]









#$S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\

M


M=&]P/C(P

]
T1N=6UP/C4S-#QS


T1T;W`^
M



]
T1R;SX-

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.TR






]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
M









]


M
S4Y







]





]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]




M





34\

]
T1N=6UP/C0Y



T1T;W`^
C`Q-CPO=&0^






]

BPY









]

]
T1T


]
T1T97AT

]




M

]



T1T;W`^
C`Q.TR,#(R/]T


]





#$S+3(P

]
T1N=6UP/C$X



#(R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L














P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D


]
M




^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R








]


]





]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]




M=&]P/D-O;7!A;GD@8V]S='

]
T1N
M=6UP/C

M1&YU;7`^



M($]P97)A=&EO;G

]
M


M9VX]








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(\






]


]


]

RXU


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@O




]



@*$1E=&%I;'


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


L-3(V+#`P


#`\


3@X+#`P


]


M+#(X
RPP
#`L


]

#$Y+#`P

]
T1R


3$L.#`Y+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C$T+#(P-RPP
M
#`L



#`P+#`P




M
#`L


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(X-BPP
#`L



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDS-BPP
#`L



M9VX]



#`L

#`P+#`P


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L
#`P+#`P

]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
C$R+#`P
M


]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q


'!E;G-E(AB96YE9FET*2P@=&]T86P\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#DQ+#`P



S(L
#`P+#`P


#0L
#`P+#`P


]







]
M



]




M=&EO;G

@9&EF9F5R96YT(&9R;VT@=&AE('-T871U


@82!P97)C96YT*3PO=&0^#0H@

4I/'-P86X^/]S








]



T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]

M







@82!P97)C96YT*3PO=&0^




C
N


38N-S`E/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6UP/C$S
RPP
#`L
M

M;3XH-BPP
#`L





]
T1N=6UP/C(Y.2PP
#`L

@1G)O;2!)



#`L
#`P

M-C0Q+#`P


]


RPP
#`L
#`P/'-P

M
#`P+#`P

]




]
T1R


]




#`L
#`P



M

]
M

]



]
T1N=6T^*#DL
#`P+#`P


]


]




]
M


#`L
#`P/'-P

C(T
M+#`P



]

BPP
#`L



]









]
T1T

]




]
T1N=6T^*#$Q

M86QI9VX]



#`L

M5&%X(%)E8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N+!T87@@8F5N969I=!D=64@=&\@:6UP86ER
M;65N='

]
T1N=6T^*#$T+#`P


M;'1I97
L(&1O;65S=&EC/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X

M/B@R+#`P




]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C(X
RPP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^







@86YD(&1O;F%T

M86QI9VX]






]







@8F%L86YC92!O9B!U;G)E8V]G;FEZ960@=&%X(&)E;F5F

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^
!B96YE9FET
M<SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S<STS1&YU;7`^
S(P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/CDL
#`P+#`P





]
T1N=6T^*#$Y
M+#`P




]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#`P



RPP
#`L
#`P/'-P

M96-R96%S97


2PP
#`L
#`P


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L
#`P+#`P



S8L
M
#`P+#`P

]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#`P+#`P


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8L
#`P+#`P


]

I(&9R;VT@969F96-T


]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C
P
M
BPP
#`L


S(P+#`P


T1T;W`^06QT97)N871I=F4@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$Q-2PP
#`L





]



T1T;W`^56YR96-O

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q




]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#`P




#`P+#`P


]











N(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X



]



]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(V
2PP
#`L



M='

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
#`P+#`P


]

]




]


]


]


]




#`L
#`P/'-P


M
#`L

]

]


]












M/B@Y-S4L
#`P+#`P

#`L






]


\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$R
BPP
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^





#`P+#`P



]












N(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X(')A=&4@86YD(&5F9F5C=&EV


]
M


M9VX]

#`L





N(&9E9&5R86P@=&%X(')A



]


T1T;W`^1V%I;B!R96QA=&5D('1O(')E;65A






]











]



V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E
M8F5D93@X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E
M7V
P






]


T0S/C$R($UO;G1H























3$V/'-P86X^






]

]



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
T1N=6UP/C
R
M

]
T1T


]










BPR

BPP
SDI/'-P




]

]



]


]










]

]
T1T97AT/CQS





]




M='


#







]
T1N=6UP/C(R-SQS


T1T;W`^


M86-C;W5N='

S


M87@@;&EA8FEL:71I97











]
T1T97AT


T1T



30U/'-P86X^








]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P

]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P


]









]






]


]











]


]

]
T1P











]
M


V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T
M8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

O4VAE970X-BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$P/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

M97

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






]

3(V

M
3

M;7`^




M

]
M

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

M7V
P







]





]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P








T1T;W`^06-C=6UU

I/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
L


BPW-S0I/'-P



]


]



]

M1&YU;3XH








]

M86QI9VX]







]


]



]



T1T;W`^5$]404P@
M15%52519($%45%))0E5404)
12!43R!32$%214]73D524R!/1B!42$4@0T]#

]
T1T97AT


T1T



]

M1&YU;3XH




]

I(&]N(&%V






BPQ


2PT

]


]
M

]
M

]

C$Y*3QS


]
T1N=6T^*#


C



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;7`^

M1&YU;7`^



]
T1P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]







]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^









M;W1H97(@8F5N969I='


]
T1N=6T^*#$L



T1T;W`^4F5C

]
T1N=6UP/CDR/'-P86X^




]



]
T1N=6T^*#8R



]
T1N=6T^*#$I

M







]


]






]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]







M

I(&]N





M;W1H97(@8F5N969I='


]
T1N=6UP/C0R


]
T1R93X-


]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&-H







]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y
S4I/'-P






I(&%R






]











T1T;W`^4F5C

]
T1N=6T^*#8I/'-P86X^




]




M969I='








]








P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T






]





]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P





M

]










]



T1T;W`^079A:6QA




]



]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M
T1T;W`^3&5V96P@


M97

]
T1N=6UP/C0Q/'-P86X^



]



]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@

\+W1D












M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DQE=F5L(#

]
T1T

]

]


T1T;W`^5')A9&EN9R!S96-U



]


]

T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@


T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@










]


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1R


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV97

T1T;W`^5&]T86P@87-S971S/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$R

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
C$I/'-P86X^

]

]
T1N=6T^
M*#$R

M;G5M/B@Q








]
T1N=6UP/C(Q

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3DS/'-P86X^

2PT
#$\


M



]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L


BPP





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97
\+W1D


M;&4Z+R\O0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X

O4VAE970X.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]

@*$1E
M=&%I;'
@


]

]

]

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/D%V86EL86)L92UF;W(M4V%L


#$Q

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V
M96P@

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@



M
S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@

@979E;G1S/&)R/D-O;&0M

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M



M8G(^3&5V96P@




]











































]

]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6T^*#$V


]

]


]


]








]

]


]
T1N=6T^*#(V*3QS

]
T1N=6UP/C`\


















M=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M













M1&YU;3XH












]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0W


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



M960@4W1O8VL@8GD@17%U:71Y($EN=F5S=&5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D










]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

M(%5N;V)S97)V86)L92!);G!U='




























]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\S9&
V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J






T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]

M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]



M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]

M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^

M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M(&-O;'-P86X]

M86X]

T0Q

T0Q/CPO=&@^


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]

M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M(&-O;'-P86X]




M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]

M;'-P86X]

M

T0Q/CPO

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@




M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^


2P@
C`Q



2P@
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
S$L(#(P



S$L(#(P
M



M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M9FET(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D=O=F5R;FUE;G0@8F]N9'
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R
M,#$Q/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M8F5R



#$R/&)R
M/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



#$R/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R/&)R
M/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q
M+`R,#$Q/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M

#$R/&)R/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M;VUP86YI97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



#$R/&)R/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I
M='


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


M:71I97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/DUU


\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


#$R/&)R/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/E)E86P@97-T871E

2P@
C`Q


#$Q/&)R/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/D]T



]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

L($1E9FEN

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@



]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@
3QB

\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

979E
M;`Q/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M8F5R



#$R/&)R




L($1E9FEN960@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@

2P@
C`Q

979E
M;`Q/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M8F5R





M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\
M8G(^3&5V96P@


#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#$\8G(^
M3W1H97(@8F5N969I='


#$Q
M/&)R/DQE=F5L(#$\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='

#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#$\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\
M8G(^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M=F5R;FUE;G0@8F]N9'
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
M
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@

M8F]N9'

#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#$\8G(^3W1H
M97(@8F5N969I='


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

979E;`Q/&)R
M/D]T:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/E)E86P@97-T871E/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@
3QB

#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#$\
M8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\8G(^3W1H97(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

979E;`Q/&)R/D]T
M:&5R(&)E;F5F:71S/&)R/D]T:&5R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@





M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M3&5V96P@

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\
M8G(^3&5V96P@

M86YI97
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q









]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

L($1E

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@
M

\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

979E
M;`R/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M8F5R





M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



#$R/&)R/DQE
M=F5L(#(\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M3&5V96P@



#$Q/&)R/DQE=F5L(#(\8G(^3W1H97(@
M8F5N969I='
\8G(^17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$Q/&)R
M/DQE=F5L(#(\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/DQE=F5L(#(\
M8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I=',\8G(^375T=6%L+!P;V]L960@86YD(&-O;6UI
M;F=L960@9G5N9'
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@
M


#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#(\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\8G(^


]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#

L($1E9FEN960@0F5N

]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

L

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@
M

\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

979E;`S/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;



#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#



M8W5R:71I97
@26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E9!C;VUP86YI97
\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M979E;`S/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


M4&QA;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@
SQB

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

979E;`S
M/&)R/E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,L($1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!;365M8F5R73QB


#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L
M(#



]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V
M96P@

#$Q/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
\8G(^3W1H97(@
M8F5N969I='
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C
M+B`S
2P@
C`Q



\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^3&5V96P@




#$R/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\8G(^17%U:71Y
M('-E8W5R:71I97
@26YT97)N871I;VYA;UB87-E9!C;VUP86YI97
\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB


S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@
M


S$L(#(P
M
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@

M8F]N9'

#$Q/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
\8G(^3W1H
M97(@8F5N969I='



]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^3&5V96P@


#$Q/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
\8G(^3W1H97(@8F5N969I='
\8G(^















































































































































































L(&%V



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@































































































































]
M
T1N=6UP/C8L












]
T1N=6UP/C@V




]
M





]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#0W/'-P

2PS









]







]


3



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

M

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^

]
M






]



2PP
M









]



]





]





]





]
M

]
M







]




]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C(W


]


]



#QS

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]
M





]

]


]














]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]







]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#@I/'-P



]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C(T/'-P

RD\




M;7`^

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]














]
T1N=6UP/C(V

M

M;3XH



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V*3QS

]
T1N=6UP


M;3XH



































































































































]



]


]


]


]



]



]


























]






























M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\S9&,V934V95]C,#!B7S1B96-?
M864R-%\V834P9&5B961E.#@-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO
V1C-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

M
R!-;VYT:'


C(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3`^
M

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$P/&)R


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M
S$L(#(P



#$P


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P

M
S$L(#(P






@


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R





#$Q


M

@
M07)C82!304(@9&4@0U8@86YD($=R=7!O($-O;G1I;F5N=&%L(%-!0B!;365M



M

@26YC

M





M

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





@6TUE;6)E

BP@
M
C`Q

2P@
C`Q



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M87)G97



#$R/&)R



M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
3$\8G(^
M3&5V96P@


#$R/&)R
M/DQE=F5L(#$\8G(^0V]C82U#;VQA($9%35-!/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]












]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C

]






























]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP
M/C

M;7`^




































]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



























































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]














































]












]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



I












































]
M






































;W-S*2!O;B!386QE




















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]












































































]
T1N=6UP

















M1&YU;7`^









































































@


]


]






































]


]


]

M;G


]

















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

C

















































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4F5M86EN:6YG(&]W;F5R






























]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]



















M86QE('-E8W5R:71I97

@86YD




















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\


@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






]
T1T

]
T1T

]






]










S`I/'-P




M1&YU;3XH






]


T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y
M($EN:71I871I=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



















]








]
T1N=6T^*#4I

M

M;3XH

M/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@0F%L86YC92P@16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D/@T*



T1T;W`^26YT96=R871I;VX@






]


]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C0T


]


]


]









]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=',@:6YC=7)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@

]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N

M1&YU;7`^




\+W1D

]






]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]S='





]









]



]
M

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
SDI







]
M


]
T1N=6UP/CDQ/'-P86X^



]
M

]
M

]

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q/'-P86X^









]
T1T

]





]

]




M/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@0F%L86YC92P@0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\+W1D



T1T;W`^0V]S='
@:6YC


T1T;W`^
M4&%Y;65N='

]
T1N=6T^*#4P


M
T1T;W`^3F]N8V%S:!A;F0@97AC:&%N9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C0X/'-P


M/E-E=F5R86YC92!P87D@86YD(&)E;F5F:71S('P@26YT96=R871I;VX@;V8@





]





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%C8W)U960@0F%L86YC92P@0F5G:6YN:6YG($)A;&%N8V4\


]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C0P/'-P



2D\

M


M
T1T;W`^3F]N8V%S:!A;F0@97AC:&%N9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C0X/'-P86X^









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




M:71Y($EN:71I871I=F5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C




]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=',@:6YC=7)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R







]
T1R;SX-


]



]
T1P







]
T1R


T1T
M;W`^4&%Y;65N='

]
T1N=6T^


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]N8V%S:!A;F0@97AC:&%N9V4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q/'-P


]


]
T1T97AT


T1T


]



T1T;W`^0V]S='
@:6YC=7)R960\

]



T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N='
\

]
T1R;SX-


]


]














]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]N8V%S:!A


M






M=&EO;G

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]






]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=',@:6YC=7)R960\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4&%Y;65N=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T






]



M1#
^

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
3QB

#$P







]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M



]


S4L
3$Y/'-P




]
T1N=6UP/C
Y

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97


BXP




]


#`N




]

\+W1D/@T*

]










]
T1N



]


]

L


]
M





T1T;W`^4V%L97
@4F5V
M96YU92P@1V]O9'

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

V934V95]C
#!B7S1B96-?864R



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R


M;CTS1#$^

]
M

]

T0Q/C$R($UO


]
T1T:#Y.
M;W8N(#

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


S$L(#(P
M


]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P


M

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

S$L(#(P
3`\8G(^




@6TUE

M
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

#$Q/&)R/D)O='1L:6YG($EN=F5S

S$L(#(P

M/D%N9&EN82!A;F0@4&]L87(@;65R9V5R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


2P@
C`Q


2P@
C`Q



M($]P97)A=&EO;G

M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q


M/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



@6TUE

M
2P@
C`Q

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
#QB

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P


S$L(#(P

M;VEN=!696YT=7)E(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

S$L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


#$R/&)R/D)05R!.97-T;&4@2F]I;G0@5F5N='5R92!;365M8F5R

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P

M86QE(%-E8W5R:71I97


M/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y($EN:71I871I=F5S/&)R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

M97)I8V$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


M96YS97

#$Q/&)R/D]T:&5R(&]P

@6TUE



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


M









M



]



2PV-C4\












]



























]







34R/'-P

34R

M
3


















]
T1N=6UP/CDW/'-P

#QS
























\+W1D/@T*

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U+#$Q.3QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]
T1N=6UP/C4L





3QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/C(P+#4W


]


]

]
T1N=6UP

]
M












2PV







M
3`L



]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
T1N









]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#0X/'-P86X^

30P/'-P

C(T

M

M;3XH


2PU

2PW-#





































]
T1N=6UP/C0W


]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]



#QS

]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]
T1N


M1&YU;7`^


]
T1N=6UP/C0W


]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]



#QS

]
T1N=6UP



M;7`^

]
M










2PY.#(\



]
T1N=6UP/C








]
T1N=6UP/C4W-3QS

]
T1N=6UP/C$P

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P


]
T1N=6UP/C0P


]
T1N=6UP/C$W



]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP
M/C8Y


]





]





]



]



]
T1N=6UP/CDW
3QS











M1&YU;7`^

]


3$L-#4X/'-P

30L
M





M;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/C
L



CQS


]

BPT




















]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
T1N=6UP/C(L

M;7`^





]
T1N=6UP/C(L

2PX


















]




























]






M;7`^












]
M







]






]
M





]



]



]



#$\




]
T1N=6UP/C$Y


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^






































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




























@26UP86ER;65N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

































































]

]



M



]
T1N






S





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]




]


]

]
T1P



























]


]



























]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T






































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^4')E;6EU;2!P86ED(&]N(')E


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]

2!E8V]N;VUY/]T





]
T1R;SX-








































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^1V%I;B!O;B!S86QE(&]F(&EN


]










































]


CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T
M;W`^3F5T($=A:6X@3VX@17AC:&%N9V4@3V8@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
\

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]








]


\

]

3(R/'-P86X^





































I(&]N



































M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


V1C
M-F4U-F5?8S`P8E\T8F5C7V%E
C1?-F$U
&1E8F5D93@X#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S-D8S9E-39E7V
P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A



]

M4D%424Y'($%34T544R!!3D0@3$E!0DE
251)15
@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@
M)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

]

]
T1N


]
T1N=6UP/C$X
CQS

]



]
T1N=6T^
M*#
U


]








M;G5M/B@Q



]
T1P


]

]
M



P
&)?-&)E8U]A93(T7S9A-3!D




M
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T
M,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M-#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#4P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970U-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-34N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Y+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#8R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B


T0B4VAE970W
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S


M
T0B4VAE970W.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-SDN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T.#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@S
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#@V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970X
M-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970Y
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M.3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DR+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IncomeTaxesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetValuationAllowancesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DeductionsFromRevenuePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShortTermInvestmentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_HyperinflationaryEconomiesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetChangeInOperatingAssetsAndLiabilitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndInvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PendingTransactionCompletionPeriodOfTimeAfterDefinitiveAgreementLowEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PendingTransactionCompletionPeriodOfTimeAfterDefinitiveAgreementHighEndOfRange'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndDivestitureCostOfAcquiredEntityTransactionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPreexistingRelationshipGainLossRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationRevenueOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationEarningsOrLossOfAcquireeSinceAcquisitionDateActual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationProFormaInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionsAndDivestituresProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionsAndDivestituresProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIncreaseDecreaseInRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_TermOfLicenseAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RenewalPeriodOfLicenseAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_TermOfAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationIntangibleAssetsNotAmortizable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DeferredRevenueAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProceedsFromDisposalsOfBottlingCompaniesAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ChangesInAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcquisitionsAndDivestituresDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardsAsPartOfBusinessCombinationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfTotalPuchasePricePaidByAcquireeTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfProFormaInformationOfAcquisitionsAndDivestituresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DisclosureOfAssetsAndLiabilitiesHeldForSaleTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_InvestmentsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TradingSecuritiesAndCertainTradingAssetsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAndHeldToMaturitySecuritiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRealizedGainLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_InvestmentsByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ContractualMaturitiesOfSecuritiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlanPeriodContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedContributionPlanLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedContributionPlanLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MultiemployerPlansAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_MultiemployerPlanWithdrawalPlanContribution'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedContributionPlanLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMaximumContributionPercentageOfCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcquisitionsAndDivestituresDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcquisitionsAndInvestmentsPrincipallyBeverageAndBottlingCompaniesAndTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionAndInvestmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPercentageOfIndirectOwnershipInterestTransfer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessTransactionOwnershipInterestByThirdPartiesAfterTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeRemeasurementGainOrLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationForeignCurrencyTranslationGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumedAtMergerAgreementDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPortionOfAmountOfCashPaidRelatedToDebtShortfall'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProceedsFromDisposalsOfBottlingCompaniesAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillTranslationAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_GoodwillDivestitureAndDeconsolidation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_UnusualOrInfrequentItemOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FairValueMeasurementsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfFairValueAllocationOfPensionPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnRecurringBasisUnobservableInputReconciliationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ScheduleOfFairValueAllocationOfOtherPostretirementPlanAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestmentsNetOfDividendsOrDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionGainLossUnrealized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeRemeasurementGainAndPreExistentRelationshipSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PurchasesOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProceedsFromDisposalsOfShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcquisitionsAndInvestmentsPrincipallyBeverageAndBottlingCompaniesAndTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_ProceedsFromDisposalsOfBottlingCompaniesAndOtherInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenuesFromTransactionsWithOtherOperatingSegmentsOfSameEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SegmentReportingSegmentOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_SegmentReportingInformationInvestmentsIncludingEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtRelatedCommitmentFeesAndDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_EquityMethodInvestmentsImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_UnusualOrInfrequentItemOperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_EquityMethodInvestmentProportionateShareOfUnusualOrInfrequentItemsRecordedByInvestees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostmethodInvestmentsOtherThanTemporaryImpairment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_AcceleratedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationStepAcquisitionEquityInterestInAcquireeRemeasurementGainOrLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPreexistingRelationshipGainLossRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainOrLossOnSaleOfPreviouslyUnissuedStockByEquityInvestee'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PremiumPaidForOwnershipInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PremiumOnRepaymentOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_RemeasurementChargesOnSubsidiaryAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_PercentageOfSaleOfInvestmentsInSubsidiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_OtherThanTemporaryImpairmentLossesInvestmentsAndDonationsPortionRecognizedInEarningsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeconsolidationGainOrLossAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_UnusualOrInfrequentEventCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetGainOnExchangeOfEquitySecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationLossGainOnWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_ko_NetGainsFromInvesteeTransactionsAndEquityInvestmentSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentRealizedGainLossOnDisposal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'






9GLGCK_/.J

M

B@745AM66L^9+-B?*0\];1G/C7




M@)TY

M37!*=5HX^JCC('A1T1:.]




_=*=#C9!3H7*:;=C04U-4)/#C)_=5\3-


B0TR*Y7
_(

G$53F'&IGA4WK+.8SNJ-497%-L%K3
MD\9LP@]1FH


M%;+D+RNMR!

%C8B7+FU-T?R7-=+/8)H?095[%(06P/'Y'G^!UFN/$7PY^^2

M`CX03B+A9
U&#ISS/LR^!B..@@P/QCS+V5/946KCB1JM9`




MM0`R2&06R[;R,[2JFA*GX7D#5,!EPRX]/D(V_(B8XILV\)ZD'%]B=EM+4S
J:UPZL-
M7Y'A?T:.3P%L!8+Z\BK4B!SH\=MCUL`PVT

MVJX7RT&&LY&GQ)U$W%[YD0U\O?L3DC=!9=97G]]$C



_

P6JU`E40`@$$@NUQ85$V(!#4-Q!`6P!`&39Q8O?[[)\DC?10W:Y1-_`



M%DO.[T=EVU8`)C


M(2Z_:P0^45
.4;Y<OFM'UB
M+`9X=L)SA]F



M=+.8



HQS;-YA-430

RD<O5C`F07*DD%_0]Q-<3B*P*(I,W-L5

30JV



M-\6R?7:AIAI:3+@\6


M8+
^WVGG=#^(
66




?)BQZF-Z!J3)TR^XF(

M['55;N/D`VJP!0[&'=PS`P5#2L(;%


M4



M^'W`SIR9X0#0[6\Q?D2+8(\@?[.26[P0J-H(%[$

MIK22&BK^KMFKW=#/4PWI/2#NL)%UI`/Z)3COUUYFH$\FW^*/Y-J+AYP;3J
M^ZPEMB#\W;;CG56D

M6.!
Z2'@_KZXWS

S`


D;&

=^%:^H6R
M-_MZ87


!H7P(/7.
A
N7S6G[Q%@




M0-8=9Z[]R!SY614FU
<
?

LCO]






M@WXZL5==FTA=_7+;C=[`_3C-$U_YG3/$L^-HPJJJ^CJ.HVPT_FL6S#B&Z6@W

;9DD0F0G1'('PW?SVS*`@_G?NWLUR&:4;)\G`F4[

1
M_,'+YJ;;IB;?;2(Q@:-S2V-S6I7Y?4N[FAC6FUC5KM#']J'TT+FI9KF)9Y

D`#PV!E^_:3#H+R
MO*#

MU\AUJJK)M5T:^F#7^;%9


%
M:-3IU0U`#1=H`-IH`!ZBT.)/PIACA[2OP?T;]`HDA_)?PGR?X&H+W8+?0T
M;^*'/@PA'XSUQQ1@

MSY`2I)VC8I*D`UK[%WIH$\=;D@!LQ`
%=P@J5M!
MZLT*0EJUF%:X^]Y/-K8@SX[Q]H`

MA.%


S(?D7_8C^
M88#I

TQ6;/;ZM/T5!^[4V#BI!:':#6-_]'%OK(J39R:EDW
M2*9U



S)@MFZ=OCCOV0Q+/JK_#LW\G8]\-B!T0DG8;8GM(H4A_[B<&A-DQ
M,N?U3

4L3P
/C^_?$L?YP



\#D8/E86.XE/767M?5'XT5_L-
\7@7





_3H*%R54


M^@2*+1

V'B]`/05@`CKD5;M9_N5,TOB'1_Q_?4C)[#R





M]0W*R8=P@G9N9BBXUE`CW['P77I@#9EQ3F9L%BP2HV/$H.&R]M.)/7H7
I+C
MO.1H$X2I/4$J=7.4#4^3A=]$Y$@QQ.D5AS+EPDR

N
MP[2*M+=/$15-I;`693[E7]X0?A9_H+FG[MNQ
P%DSZ]ME.YZ#+HN7@1G#LYR
D6B^@F\?84G$]9[([!


M@J*1R-B?(F-:Q9BJN'JSJ@9*FCZ6I&Q#;RNK3=H!`3LF)$EG76^MN(_VUZ8Z
M4

M0Y22Q

A7<;5'L;










M+=&\W[

M.;3+LI+U/W`
H]!;NE@&_!GZG\[2_18W1E$KTR3JHK9E3UG?A
)7!^T^MS
=



D
MZIP4OIMWPHG<'_G?Z<T_?=/V]GGV5^&Z$Q0()R3]NM9`XDF4\?WK#^F(+^\





3H=O1H$C4XGC4YO+UI!

S)YB*









$.'*X
M

9G7/2IA(@'9



MF/
3O*6+


M[H&)R/=1[L


MMMW=Q6VN@1F2(6YYH2'![2\T))AM0T/2`4.;AK&Q+
O'6)XIARZPQQ
`&`

MU5:YMXAC6G64E)AV5@_(8U9/TD&^:?D;\=B3@Q/SU


P&!@2@`-!L;_:#`P

2/HECK*I'XX6HKU/
MR42;1%F8KJ)/^W#\P'D+R'L4)TY`7HB;Q7[JDZ3;.#M6
`NH[9(
@FHCJ'XC

HW;)=+?P'U-0I'*8DG)GE+7V=3DH/E1U3DE
V



:


#^9QM%'ODAWW+;LA9CRX;TD
M@:ASX)WEZ1QYJ8@[?LP]^1(
B2L;!

M5SAHWT@ZCKS[\(

*5H=DW
J


-3F


M!`GK\\QSC0T3':C*EQMQ]%GC]7GV5^&TN4&.;2T(HI^TP4&BA=XS24C\09):




^T@V`


/


!3M5C)DC2:D/B9

MF2TJG\O%(0Q$^2NS[:?RX\BC%^!\P.#N89GT8;'[H(?L%O]8[KDQBN=G[C3W
MOS





M#3WA;A


M-S1;
Z-YDC#

F^K+%!D^U0-;2(@7NJ$BEW8\KE@?U3


S)YB*




MUG48LP@#
1R8

XKP5



M%LSI=9+TF




;F17
WW60\)BX
MZQJ-
'&`S&SCNHM9@@$8#$P)H


[##Y*DD[-7J&.];)W6S0)O$:VQ
M4+9M-



Q'D-
0:/QP'PT&@]
3J/Q:)WQP$SU]8P'9L^Z06M
FW6`


M'8DX
3\]3+
RQ/PUFA7
;Z-9P?PWFI6NFA7
C]_(K&#^KH.$Q\1=UVB$B0-D

!@8$H`#0;&_V@P
-A'@W%U@X&1_8T
!I;!]8;S6!.WBW+[$.-'
M]`\KBZ


_`(RNV;?7W`L&6_=`9:XY&5
2/HECK*I
M'XX6O+M/R42;1%F8)H





MK/SQ?C*-HX\\'.BX;=D+




`RL+'82WX'`07N/?;?K7LM.##3/=]@`@`!R`&JO9CE@


MQ-



.`P?)4AZ[V9Y(ZM



W_._S-9`U?#AV4.4SB^=+3HBNS[\


?_REZGCT1/GG]ZB-(TF\+OI'QO?
M0W_?-`X_'(


M\*OH_2X=D[OWB

M8A\TER\*R'OZF2G?XH?45\K_O?S5812#6:F^/(VF]

G_FW


FE






J+]07A;9/L:.QZAR\W*AMM%
MLF'G%&B[UB'V5U4Z&^MZ[^1UB'G=7;EZP;;YDL;*Y]OFZ3NY
(*J4L=N-*'!
M4UY=


;V^

HT2/[W



CYE59X6NB%F1QXZB;!G/L+<A1+$XBY4T
MEM-X0]`8T^8
L1BVQ`J

DKJBJ;
-@

)T*':M%1/'*=))PRYOPC')-(8AY54Z\'-`
M\N:38/LG$2RT_\Q__T2OT(S3V5/@AG\C3;&GDX.G:*ARIQJL[:H\XK.J+HD
MLV+9;4I3S)IU5#BV4UG&?B5Q+$-J+;!L*IFRHJB:8HH&YP@Z:4X6$FJ:5QE
$[4-=:R-(D5%;;$+QL;&T]X)6VBM<H'H+?&6
G')'D/H3W?7'\D/[5



%6(%Z1!?D2[DK'%/S35B!/Q;U
M5Y4[+;$'X6%3^S.(+@.DZ!HMWXSE\6P#('A+='29)67;`A11*&4M:X(M37U



M4JP]R=B?[E*#QAN2RO&8DN
MM!J8EFF*O&#8O


SUA*-'N;IF!*EBG0+([):A5TA'I

M\8REX]+/I%@XR`N)/WR7/.57SSP3-QJ%^5OH-6'DEE!3%-Z&.)15%(V7!$-B
M5%8N]ZM@V:Z%%%S#GO&%Q7-C95P1V@S/LIQFPA('X9PD&Q;\_\J?U?3Z-FW#
MVMUO95QQB9)
55
MV5`
4X:`VQ)$K71`=-$P:RE[7CS*#%]7&1#`%.EFFH;.

EF9(716:DD@
$<VFIJJB
M;K`\SQH
B)*QA85+H;'VNF2;?.D.2?:**R@X]0K+@S0M1M0MSC(
6Z[B7IVI
MV0E6.

MKZI2SGQ35?[X9RI;WYT?
=\R.Y<Y+J&B@_3M([


M`':UL3==YW

))36-O!)@4S
'.YQ;G6-
KK

M#MR

6#?[K[

OC!W%QLF
M4GO62?)GWYP$/


M.JM/E;[X

!&7C-$0U5*


&OX/@

M*-L\EJWGW&5+HHZ;(3&R#%+5A+)!A@BF1JUM'RJT_''_L1QU])Z51875-
W4
M18Z3)
9FI-(&B#Q7*[WD&9ZK;\0O?_TA(]NF.$VSP)_B#=
6#4$S&2`H7V+0



M0X+
UD]Y-330V#3Q+LB'W542+8N6)+&Z9*BL8
BB;&E*53$HZK7:!Y:3ZZ?@


M
.&FIA@R:ULJNTC*R:)=;^TF-N2`NB*@L]AO7N`
EK-4T[8T@]%
D3?4BGV:


3*OL[RL2!`ZU**7

MG+6-]I21)MJ\K&NFI!NVS8'M5@2ND)$LV:94VU-0A`V^5
ME5%JPE8\D]WFQ

MWU?FM'U*-T:;)

^)J`E]HZ



Y+X9:VRYL:FIT7NG0X7]STO(5[RF);?^#O([!Q1^-7TGX


MUF((A')`M'?@R$\0R.EF1-8


MD
!Q.+`E53%T5I9M!B;
V[QF\R4.%*!-??8'.
K[C/:XF?^'GX[]$#!%7W:\
M[FG;#PCR5546.4XS+8

MJ;I22^2S_`'[[R?($0*_)'DF3D#3%O3BO(//F0NBQDLA(*[8QAV8(DBKK(
M6X;(\8K

GC9%&KAP0'Z




M
@IM_648JB`QFES5JQB


1E6[@/BN**(%0;('1#9:*JJQS%9BZI#9G\Z\MJ&U$
MX71%TAE!$`51


ME!B%MA?5&$.U=4L!452-=ICZ9=;GM)








$Z9#K063L684DZB%:02%\_EE
6X:^J?_+N!+
MI;B#!Z68Y6F,&K[\)]I/BFZ,,B&-O7ZH]EZG@XG@AP-S$K8PSY9\!L/5S!



8Z5+ZVYQB
9N#:C&EU








M
PP(=
X$BQ%C(
M!6H!XOP@O*RNV16OY=E_R;+\XG$#\Z8[!WZ$%.JXD`)Z6O='2L.$`_4@J*!
MS]#-75EN2.'$X\PXICZFF+A1S1@)-*S\UIV*\#!A=PMY;!CRCD\[V:$X3+0



S
2XT4\90UIR*
ML3?!PJ`[4L^9`Q9.\'-.C[H?7'5[%,(8P0)*:BOHI@06R@G;J]=8V8X5)K

S

M0W




KR
M`6N.2X-U+'P9*X(B@;FDW0WP$(S/+:!GJ&Y!^2\+?7MO8\T$)^T\DE@ZSB



MV-(8IU@C/P@TIU1@9@CO5D:87@0H[U/?VJ2];67NNPVB@)F8QU$H`QZ%/L:@

EY7O7W+SG:HX

%\Y0+KHG2W9$%





DBS






M86FWCTA@


M]O?'3YVKI+K

MYB5DFYKK=]7]9&_#V]X6O[U!X'6K\F;Z2_?E]W5_]F.UL(FF
[^]8?+O=UJ8
M:WI1:[




M$'


MO:37K)*.O*HK#K^NB?D4$=^KKQT0YF*@^E]KL^.'INJJKFQUZ?SLUC8@GE\(



M6!NN?.66=UQ%O`]U3G:ZYPKD;










HB!6QL#EG2M8_!N$EN3/$\FB

MU!.5EQ8K2&M7)NQ!:'3'@?X\`EOUHB_G:3
;N-.?8#Q+83F%;`U
NLGJ








.$I3YEVC2-(N9P+<%`H!'8,&V(9XAZS`@3T:,,2?,9TF-!D@A$'UQ8H
M`7O?TSST21_UF3FXS/K1G`0].%YXB
*%(%F&B


#3
$(.B#3$68


4'UT9C764#-/$_%?:<`+]T+\D#
MN*`9(:9G19-
D`H8=1]!)H!K'CBM=P'

7^=()#4
1#@DT
N;\.%F&4Y!!THLNLG#K)RW



N14UT`:,#X;]3_WD55,@J
MIN9%8[#&I(0&;&QE-P<S%Q0FH$X05TBP
NH@**24)2F9QV\5D9G-2=;)8
MD^D%^/@UJ:5\9I!9T(+8B?$GF#+B^AC)(S87?YYYX`

M:PI[.-'YXW&ZXHPNFO$`UCP^


80Q7Y&`F\EY(#K($%
M(27^K?R9'W)W@SHIX(L`6U&BLA0VKFG14E/
7X=@D'WJA:7=P\!]4Z21ML

M$
=\P3



MD)P]J(8G%@AP-6?W,^
MXUEBRJ4UDS17&`

M
N%Z7()
J.Q07Q!E;A4V




2/BH6(!5NG!FRE.]Z2YR7+!3$GM%;%
MF\8T^

MF'G$^:\8*RWI8




MO)$2&&WH`



%@




!1YYU!4735&







GS72;#61))
11N-Q^;$&#K.

M

4VP@T[1EZY$M&C]2_T]


MG\U-(]=
I:.12RV.?`*^BZ


CIR[%7@!JZZH#CJ9C3.R1/C14




G797UD&/FA

8ACT6Q^#GC8VQJA?H;HV-82/#6T9D3H+8^T980N
#

6Z
*



F_%P6';^&NN\
75O1J'OEIN-QF2)YW1@GYKLT+M2:[TPH'4$=`'QWO5I
M#[T8SWJ(67/8RN&=&U^!/?A6E/S`CFQX7CM6E9[AP_I*+*
P:Z1(^XS0)0MX
M-KM-6)!D'F+'(FSD2_$,!S[K?1'9]:UE5\+Z!7F,+PQ^%ZRNX\.K'&IN







KL3W1=:3-EJBEUJK;N=;S



DV^=4AU/9]\&*




M^V.[0WC=7V
YU.:VV_!B`EX2U!]7XJ+4N

M;KK[Y+/=GT@0TR1W







3
.(UBB^




:FPZ6TQ2-(Y)TR"GG#T)OPY2Q^B0+P#^$&^H


7(#/]2H0LB67UW`LB=\'A&N4+-P*?DA'IIDF8_\B=OH+
MPT3+NC5%3=1-6=:!E:;VMSQ8!['TW65,WN4?WJ\'WYLA=Z6/\L;C%=`)B7M


[!
ZBR5)KK
M?
)/*NFCYO)R=0Z+'!;WA




3M^YX\=@M=#]






M(2M.UD'O@&`$D4R@Z^RO4%+X`?%JS(
2*^FY`9#A!WIP3YF7-P!R9_JH?.

N2?^5PM0]/.


M6VBKAZZM0EM

*7T[LI3

M*Q;
)7;^0#_`D!]A!X?9%IL'?M%;JB'(H\S!N%;<-9A=<O/5_2[8


GO!3L6;)H6)K-#5).WO.--%KLU!ESBN




XQ+')8Y+7/\9QX^G2M[_5CU0/F8=G0CV=.(G



4?
P-EN'BL+1!7_5HR';0)F+JB&0E/HA;+P4B)<G;ZS


P\4R
M(G


$MP@)22A\G1-A%$[=FU'HN_!I`80_MR//]5DY






M/I
'$F$^I#:H_1Z604F&







SKE\FT&P)=PTRL449S0C&`;@^KX`@DDE$839380G0N<\GWA



@(R$G$N(('ZY-8^`91!4$
M7PE/B(\B^%;X9_A$`$('2%%$!!?^%X-]I]



`:-H'/PCST9S%^+V8%_;@@J_2M\R]C'TR9.YU[
!Q`M'E$Q^-&$18-
M




!8W\:EP0)*+8'T)#=6`A!
:]+$E&S

M$C@-4[\D1`@\I$QP+GG(KE

M;H'YZ0/
$&LO$L*










7Z](;;1RV068U#X


M

8SN(OX##4
O!2EH'?
M0KLBZ:;B&(ZN##59&T
P(LN
=EURAA.C1KLI2QNI+]&P'X'R;@*-D3+11H:E

+U#8([?R

TE9J&K[4Y\N4I_6VHT?'L/_!A\)C1LG(W=*`!C



`T0^9F:


MM9&1Q`G(8.2091A[29P]8J_
S5`#;U4:J1.(=0U3M0R0I[QN3]:&-6%2U`VN
MQ$8R#J-U5SYF.!Z.%74H.=(88$4;.[HJY[0:BCBJT:ILD/Q7T.J0^\3QXJE/



[_!I@`WRBPQG25DZ]QO?4:%UU=


M
?ACJ7HUHC7EN



MY/O20U\OH3L/0MQ#0)


EX?[A6C1)&#1

.9@S
'X0#!6*!AK&1@_

Q!VF&L5;HV%@0H^8@Q
')PY.AVEDXZ'=WGZBV0]HDF[U9J'I^.Y[
#%1L


M*V

M/JC)HV


L2=AOGY:S

MB\#T[[0U92#!4S@R=2K#ZF^W__=66.)IHD`*B6AQ.O
_^F&

M4C&E3+5H%CXMZUAA/H\HGQ:0K)^B+



OZQGR

]
!H2UOH07E_O:J/DB#S%IE2FB:/2Z7/N\UF64OTUNM\^QXU`N_

M83A*\\Z6$O6[[&=#W1RF:]+DLUDFVM;:LZ5@O1BE!1\[C2`'%C9;%VF.9\M*

M#[+HNDSS+LQUW
DBXO7`LGB[ZS6+_(#8S!_N3CRG`MW^
HXM)9$@;I/'G.
MMX/E4

+*1196+GEPP&&G

1Q@*TCU9%``NE5S`A1.*9Q2.%6/4UCO!TZ16Z2F!I3W?9[?


4'=
9J6^];Z+*E


MNV+L/V$2M\/1

/82_@KK[2D:C51**E0\@1+-%H_PI:_<WOCE.3)-MJ5
MY-??`;W1,[%VYC*?1BD[&F30_[=H4D@R'<AI!^%T5D:D62`ZF;!WW?W/AS1
M3B)M)UO67'MES!DF6R6Q\N`U$]2+IT23$3PA^[SZS?GK7\OO!AN1#UZQVJ.@


MSHI




M7L[;%\4XMU-3ONO
9M&K1)6TEZ@J`WDU!G*5/F3A
JC56H^TLHA78Q%7Z3*R

MNP@.;U([6SWDQ0-


2WFM
W9M5FR+[*&<B#;*D</8(:_OE43MQDGR[R2$Y=W)X

:

MDH1P[S1.9G4O@57%\)
RPP$SVYNA^=J+;+TJX[XFG_DZZ^
]DJ.R8&7!RA\W

_TBKIV

M

W
M:#1[?(L.TL/UA3_\XN


XG$5?

@^TEV8_[<[

Q46'?J\4^
!TJ(H<%3
MQG4];DU0!/X,](I:I?T3.X=T2[8?AT'R9+C2=H(%_^5WT_4=-EZ(@3H+G:

)L/Q?`0F

9AI@8RN5X9==X;1N)6E4JBL4+DQ*J]/


M9\#ZP';F8+)%7@]VFD3Q7.X$@FE%0PD8Z43D&-]]MC-'R4]KK8)AP_@RU^

IKF&0)
_2SY3@)1W.@KN_

M











?8SG59L$V@ODK&I%)67LC

MU(\!%^6


DO`-FG7$\_/V'O_R7IOUC]:*?RMY3)TBC]/
T








`S?'-KY`=L:
Y'$._
TFH1I
M6C#C#L/T0YS
'NTG`-)A


MX9K%NCO


MNN2ZCA:_IKD6
W





RU[!S

(@8I-[BEK@_E
^&\&-GYZB[$RM'X:I

M!G=


):80;O9L;0

)4BEXL#K\+
S9O0]*V
YGJ#(L5R74TY`SQRS8`8+


MVZ_PMW;)_SD*[J-Q?J2R)E[?'G(:IHL
;IB0S%(7!
V]TH=C*BIRMTRVU9;K
MB#F!;+2#;)T3Q!RAZY0)2PC/X:STV@;%%:.U&-HO\+UD?PJ_AA!SU584CHJ#



M1
(1F-NF3UT?\-
'N#%+0@V35_)5BHW]

M-:0TIWDG9!-7N+)V+1Q74*%#-D-*10#_6J&YKM/V!)H_Q)-A`[*9105Q7
P-


MXOM.M5$2;TT5CZ+TER2&Y9@]_S(.)C.(^F4$
WTZUH)]WV6^B:GO$5T(ABV#

$/

Y5WLIX6G==M@TV3@





RD




HYN&*+RVSZ84U;
B#[J)P<SGN2(\G9Z8\E0'!K:PIQ\R(AOJA#$TQT\6
MU8,^9)I?/^0''VJ#Q08?0O$@2XX@ODUOL*'GOS(P4RNN2(L7AYA&XH!G0-$
M682)J@C;@G(*XT!6ZV#
YO4C/*G:$-[:C


QC+]R$HR^NO.
Q*B[RBR$K@?P=L3HV=$?P8Z
6JHC-Y+1
MA=6+5<BLE7(KI6`_XC#]?V0T)SV(4Z()LG:(44I1K2-DWD_46F/XB-V+]=DH
M?G-*9_/@:\TF32G/OV.(PBD3G72;N/2O5/:P0J+*;%;G2\N*GO_U_=5O+.^
MT-;[DB`EI?A/M;Y(B'6IDD9._5X)N6HQ\KO`'DZ@K.]Q$6ZK'4&Q=AY#F+

S/:($\+USS4'-Y5
M%\3:BS%G+PK!NMDT%!PH/#Z3

M`#6FKU6)=CWB19HD.IYR-BKN0V$Z=;QZDSQ0=18BDJ$P+EM)EW(;WN
^G.






MUAD;4P3POFIA:
$/3NBLDGQ(Q14.@OA-CW527:YX6<@1R4C3P+D




MVB**$Q;$RYC%AZA7

[B4#N7\R88F.VP#-141W\[6B\CDCFH(PM




M(K)9L6`T6G196[5Q%UUZ




R'XGH7!_E:T.0BF&JP)


BT




=.ZMF`P%73ST&$NL
XB





+\FP=U_
MY/H?%E_N3FDY_VNY^:CKWUCW+!<?;I;'`/CI[S(!ZU#[:`JBB\H%C.MLJ&!=
MM-]##C50]SCF!^%S<JA/&@Z-2AJA*1M3-+M54;K6?T/C/!68_J:SUT.VQ6M

M.V^




MG3&3:(^%Z%P_K(A&C'H=M\[C[?:E3Y!
D!7:@I)MI

MOA)0I\T45@YL$5&Q]F



ME$DGD9

-8#3`)74
:2C`EH6YZM_+RYNEV\^;
%R)MT`H@54KF1+DJU-TCF'
M=8TQL1GOH@=:FA&L9W#[TV`V3^HH+!0GHZ?:`$`9:W&39!XL]&/0QLSS.PD4

MLU=BG]THQW#M(Z(XSU8+/JJ0`DI35

$7K6V*?E1W!D79$7/$D4#SX_BK0



SCD1W;V;%RV0XRM&X#&)D&[*]ON

9U'B


MJ331V:'T*V9(2].PTCP[*#FD%(1WU+.=1B/!)@449AO].S0\[;=]^_?=?_





M0AQ\SHC0

DX
+R\*R%!\=.-HV

M_NW2
+$ZJ@YC[-E;H8Q;#7OJOQ6;UPXS'AFGJ_+
!
7[$ENJ*JD4E^)0+'%


J%
MY
JT






MIGGI0?=I.;6NA/BF'(@80^C.,@9YP+NQJ*J@P:BR[]26J%0E-?:LPU9=:Q




?N&'O\*)H123*D&I424%8

_:W^DD:.&[2;77R=YZN&$MUIK7V(7

([$P








.?2ZJS;/2@(0MOWG#D:2

72\8RC

M-.:8U6];/&O&4J#*4(S/)2[[3HP\E_L#RG:&J92W?M6&RS\#:JLOX^.(R3


C*?]+H=J=MV9#


+GVUYOERB/2BR)3!@_
MV+6#`[[GSB5`JL5G2T0.N8+*.2D=)A`_G#G%P_D#JT0D
O$IC5[@R%X4
B'
MZ7T_4KA+.WEN%9LE!R+J8R6O




MS++U3&M'O6LHFO?`N*H8!G+@;=B



MY4M_59]H5$NNH+CB3_5I

7#/C-SN-)-I
M]YL4.ZR8MT&F!'GLSV[Q,/L8'W'R=W:B0V'B0AU.*;^LQ#\)/[2JU.<3&GQ

U=+

6YU\.MU0?8))41[]FF9QI!#T


V9/X5LEC+PF+PBC0



XQ0*@=86[1SN^??W
[C4-L%]S20&OISG

V4N8ZZ
_C:N^9VSF5RA[H+EH/*HMS:X*9D

P1T







J0BT#^*&MM;
O3M+58==N'#&XN=;2QK
MN9X/U)1G*(6J#C[?WG[`^DN
MPYQ8N7$.&BB;#;




8(;

MQFYW[O[![N_W0(XVVF52



_RU_'GH[-/BU]DN]+UJ\N;-__T^^GRT_7NW!.
M_$T(_OY;WM'V7)?`_7Q^N;I8K)87B\9D[GW3-EK2&^NJ(XLQ,E7REOFFK,EI
MKZG+&4ZY=69[O%YC_0NM^#I5=&1V+4[8



M`'=71;)+`V*Y)62V7OM^=$-0\B60IV8=)WY*:47KT$@*\WV.+AH'(*1*FH





*;^9Y^G8:]XMLO:[1`;58LB0:$`MV'YH$TX(=N\,M9WJ
M]5VB%GPUV:/E2ABJL$HHZHOH![*$.P






M.=-=G4&`M.!UY7
+@&DE'!=CA%OEKKIY/I[





F_.T4



1J&)K4?
AQ%/JUT7S_E.\-RIGR






MG%1U)T)3




T/#^B\DJDEHL\*@*++

GZT'
`4?(D-

W[(/K:X#8^X

HU(A




M5)0&

TD$*)F&*




T#(3UT!)1-&84Y8\UB;E*CT!DOY


2[:X7+BJ!*(1!F]&V$
7

M`.PC^3IXX6A3OWRU+YZT[2G8@B=%%/]=[`$5BL$$Z#]&(I(T&D.0K[X@=/

T+80'V==H5&MB]D.$

MYT&1Z5VIP^`-3\(B!G!HJH24((3)DTPNA*QALYPH-J7+[&MCMCGT(M[-E7

MH$K&1\UE&!T,E6S?=KLNG5_N7L&X^YWW7RN2<_'Q4JTZ*=P\G]7W\[/ID)&
MC







MP-&'(L]ALV:QC4J/-R^A2?UE('I-K=OF9]K!*N[.X8Y'IT=GQXM?/R\6JP_G


@3N19C.K

GXC<WST!JUUV


MFD;'4

M:HTA6


\C'_LV((VW4;*F=L='JXT$'':V3


M1T/%:`_T;EL9=-I@[(Q!+S^/N?O*$7TGHNEX`(ECNGF/6`&`DF1[7:;=QVVU

$XU0ORD&=JVW@.'HM=J:4:O


;].`_0\GI8O?6(.VE




MXK
[S\`W4+#]C!L7H0H'&F&%)
P;]#
CTU2?R9(&4S]88!J+-\X$F@OHE`9`




`\I6
MYA+&?+Q=*/_QA7+Y6)JS@

M_$S7+-:&*`I8S3@GP(4BAQM_,K/;IYI5-:WC783.T*W!1\
?!M_(&_`UX*
MR@-O18P&=#$9


M5EQ!`Y^`[X&W0B!B4/!ES
?)V%HFFY.IZZ^0:WQB^]`VA^%H0[=QNR


@%ILQ'2!SX
M4$`6Q`[J`W(V%W[DH9*:\2)U:.$7Z`F:-XL8/^F!A**44J1$+TBT22&Z$B
MI4QQ1`(3205%'T8=RA*5.'48GPT;QV4&G'S*V6`*?C%P*3C&J5^A$KG
=]U
MD#/`.
731X3A_!'+%`G4QU]A][$WQ
'HH

^
!F*A!?'DD5VYF2.LLAI!!X^9A3
MEY/.TC4M:.[*6
O&2<V%3D$J;<SMXF5PHMP5N




M;X4=DQPP9GP

M&U-N+%S;T2V`*R#NN!8\Q+P]@U?XK/MOL!C3T+-P`-T4=JC#/4YT`G`A2R)
ME5/^*$*9Q[DGD12XC[E*O@

MC47

0
>_Q:B+!4K$H)&S3R%=X4_^+U:$3,BS
M``>[P\L)S1]84*9O18M_2Q[`D[?C3,V>;J(_@?\@R`-/#/O&W:FT?VFDZ5)P
M:56@A#;C@\%U)SA\:&N2SWLB,6LT2*_H97@A*8J3S6%2L8MQ(%5:!.7LEK
MBL8-ZV8


MN@9A$?@:)MM
9K+&*ZG1C3P?_P(E

M
R7Y+\R+085SGF[(W/D






NJKBGK^G)$H



;BU]=S(7!SCAK.`'W]=7[I!*$90B*#KIU67Y

(QVWF7REQEHJLF
6

MN=MWIL7



M'?%C]14=P1.V6NZZQ)_2L(Y)8:_@:L?V;$SJY1)DY^7S(Q`]`#

M)%.\5_L9[]6&IX@?!3@3P=F$7[H\2:X*9GA5

MP*4STW77A'I3/[`H5[J%R?`ECX8AOF#.`DJ3IG@V-(7-$3@7J@L@JIY3UR9^


MUV[)-SJ%IT.?[
9S)7KY_,KX8E4'BP+F!U!^W!
M(N:)@+K<M$`/D2\HYT%_R(W1:=SQ-N&JH)4

MQ=YLHKE]6E$P7YZ/AHJ!A'*$P-[-J3W#JHK/_P*6&UKJ`KKLUY=W^KZ$2XG;
M6X@!+(JF=R]XA8(W6*.9EN)X$

0V[_$[%LM7Y@!



2


M?MZ9SDC=CYK@BW'*45):E2W/^2A[N21+298Z%BU)2B7O]?N2@H1905A[M_/W

MFI851#2?0JTO=









M9!:8-D5780+FEP:W!%JU\#TG](/-5M_E]P98!ZL\@U`Z@&VQ'09P=X'XP5





MPB)M


G&%2*%TO


`;J:4+=E`BH.%:2%);


P@*!1SD*4A0EQI;E*CY36)/\JX(EP2NTLH3

-1S$

'LQL'IS=O^_JW-
MC@&(OPV5
X


=7MZ#N_TX

!U)M8`MR
MJVL*Q^%7\G)K+2-)8IIB(?M\A&M[W*EE6FTU[1!W1NC3#^*?CO%].^ZS+`%M

M.7/@]YWZ'

5K+PACMS_
M(C).SX=%)RNMS&D[]]`NKKZUMFX6&K
PJ76M\Q[XN


'I]XNP6:%^SQG-;Z\-L
170

;



MC8]?I
ZU-8BCS_76D8
5+IX[)W'M


W)RPH2XWDMQ;E?18-^[Z
MW:?C$






M






M.0X!/`KA(8C30@C22$BRH@!A3\D05'$LQA'PBS/YH+UV;D3XA3^[
Y!C'.
MA1)&PK
9#LOX&Q86&:PX2^DH





M51T/94F\D7CC

MCBDKECDF'X:/0?J`&_QK/0A*


MT2\


S[

M68?!1NMZ@O8;*@?0U/Z/6W<<@`FX#\NB!'$F

'6)1/
M4_REV=MB.8=8[Y7M&/\&/@7KH*UO5!Z-*(1<<C2G<F49_BP$'!*$@H3487;

PIU6
MO[=?G6;Y/$@V]I*1V
[P'[7+TJ;9]H[*ULQ![0%GJTD&RS*K/ZBVJNDGU;:*
M:7XP1%74#$G2@%&^J=ZJQQ8G02+`G^L?^CXC;MW;9J4OKKSS,P!FRYT9O\





M&U



G4

@F3#^707

MO=^6H20--C:/69'B]M;!NO









+'G6A




M&890/:+5MX60Y0(IP

M^K*H%SC@Y(59FLWC4+CYE*7OW:9P^P?AE]5)#M:/-+7`C


;]7%*;]D(K*QH+


MA;C$\UU7Z6T7_S5WZI&GR3%#F,-ZNA:BQ+^J908YE\-M.7/&&RCH.X!2,
MYS#OU1F\?+4NXND(85`\B0Y1-2YR


)PG,9
M/Y!V5=49Q#@$@(N+/SIX3/^\S`%FPHS<_@3H&:R`M05]LV#=#D#`UW%I(L\

9]0EPU+


MF@@-S$A]92Q8UB78XW4
34.YZN5MH6G8



MVNSF;598\`O'N=W%VZR
M\V*\L8V*[)T8ML


ORUE_9'1;4=(G


JYN7-TFKVZ#





M/RY8%


M



R.:@Q1S\&



@E*''UV[N[2
KNC


MGO?`*7;EX:VLW
L


MR*JUG/TJDJ-5^10;HB*JZ(5

M1LCU+

U/



1W4UP[']QI&`8$3K.A(JEXNSA8$:@#38;U5$NJJXGNGYCER#-I(L





P;-
P;
=KMF5$

T7;8LU[!59+B^(6F&AW19K?TU(E+;DG.TN\8%9])Y
M&=]19%]25
\6%=5V%5'2Y1IY7-_MY.NXY%Q]KD#2?5-%R#-U43=4QQ61U11T
M0-#8@1PN


F1D:LV&
MDZAT*]UX2


M87TK)VF;X^J+KYW

M#$^29$M1'=M2-%.Q3;

O2!4]Q?1%VY1=U])DLTE7

\A;-N-;]
MK6H[3R*EC:;SAT&JKBN&ZGF^H1FB:F*[6J-731DKU/`;#+(U%.`E7H.4V2H


M3!U'




_S--'3

^
8MM]#6QDVH.Q
FJ!)!M)-63&0;5JBI#JZLZ[)MO6N)A@C19)K


M-=1C.2\K3)ML(E_S%-NV+8WT)I`-UX*P;5U]9;@='U]B
5OQYE/#XTXE6J9E
M6)Z/-'!H%
\P?&?=QDW1I`X/Q\^\R:JCC7S)DG59-VQDJ2I29'VMCJ[5L8I



M[V[*:+0_I4UNTP6O1@
1`=&6/%)ETZKU&Q[0CZ.T'<?[?0;+$0QVV=2W#]GS)D#Q%<2S)


M0+`_I8.3`UBFNI9J*;'9SA2PRDSF%.AS1?-DS7
-W


R/HE0))E


MN.3






M*K
^^`E
=9!/VC2+R+5U3_)4WS7`DT)(5T5=\;KG==YRZHIMKC*;[#B!JTAT
MP2GV;='1?5U1$
3-?JVJKNUT\YD:*W;X4U:ZS7$GJU@MM_4%JRAP:97-/OT&
M'^\J/C:DLX

M:1@Q0S:(.#12(`4TQ-$=13)4'^)LPY(-7_)\3Y--#;3FV*H%9OGP0K

M:LB2CDS+16#@FLXILNUT(
(XK-T&FX2XF!T[!B$0
I!E0T!G^++BJ*YM:0UH

N1BD+TG/;1?39`O:K:#'


J;

M8*Y(BNO(MH$

M37%]%U@C*KHA:VKW,@46/-2+W*OBAJFDPRQ8KO:29:]P@`F.]LV2.MIRCA
MTL*ZGR(J8*DGB[YKD*OR1$]?-V(R/;FS%:)/042.TM[+F#K/`)?#DCQDBH:I

O-K@4RNRD&KBH#


MI3ER2&Z=Z_!D`BP9/*H]45U

M_/%K/

XT@(%HL\6^0Q
MB,VMLR`#]%:#(0`_A-RD'P!^!(\T.I)H<RR!/Y'F(/J/


M9)A]:D0I!&,5E7IK[_\0;29)
F\)8PR/.84*\49J!

RE*`





\H#`1U$26<T6M&48AP!8X#HF;('X.G((\*`A.U=<'S
I&7`*:/^I&3`68L]$1J0:U%5BB?@
M<I-%$)QI'GJ61


MH?I:')]QD-.4XFL1V8I:#94HV:(






M


M.RJ-!]`Z9NB!7O@\6\:AG[[]%;0%



$1QO]]$8@;[@$



.

9LYON+
M14O

0F`4`M^U$%!'2^`*




7X#EEY+E7'E#^D68*

P!KGD






?



E




?^2PS6[

P_'VY=:(Q.<13K8Q+



M

/8\Q(V%^J\\%36VLE*I\E
MJVN0



+NF=KNFDU15759)[(2/.B:5P:@_D=<O#N!0&*%?R[1W8735


'K5U
'*70*(5N$[^.'7Y5
$+ZW`/S@::?%D
1N+?N=YRN?SZJ^O$='@K+.J]XOFBLR

M
_7




M

(*71



M@H&R-56'`\(#/E`\6H+C4U5%H\NR`7)D-+2=6^BM4W]/VN#'73RFW
=#N)8M
MS6-J^H!%`SK[:S'QE)D#_@Q?N2^QADV1T_)@*#;)/C7/C\6G55,OF+=2M,/
M8T1[IMMV#`!?)TNP,H_N#\/S;!5R_T\9T8^SLH#Y9@J3!+PV?8!&@1([F
MS0QY4`14FJ'F??/

MX7:(F=#.A)__V
0X@967_


$.1`G
MS2#
L@:%.(<WQ<N4[XJ
&J4;6%88@O?!?$F9;S$UHQ&=!``







MV6:%R;=GT!

M

]WL4B8:
MD=H;.MNZJN3$+TQ8NKM-25<C@D!/%5#J%7:_%.GD*57O?\U.'CI_K[93@1H


MM]X5'VKG])OO=Y2'_]7&ZBPG7

D?U$@+WWQ6M[KI\
KJ4QY




4U]=G&



)RH:$-

^WG



G_QUZ(%13G-H-!K*C-U3\-K3#5#3_1.E
MPB+?#]9.BJ

@G6U2EE?`NX^_^I0\*'G'


<K#&C&_0%Q!Z
/?QF;+3


MXDNYE^5[281@8\X/EN!CZYLB%OD[P$`5?:#ST$\GW`/?N0GE*S[HD+XT([H
M[I%S,*-E2Z-^@M4NMN)3WJS;`
JM[H^
V@`&O$PVE!?U2Q84:JAI%&PX*$P
M1(*\D&`OR\#_RB0QO%NDC5F`6(MF`?2_`G6^29`K0()A!I80TZVMUGC$!!@O



MM-'GN[
`$.
M-C3_![!4QJP`)M2JFX5SQD?;4U%U/REMU,57#DQHL8!C3]H)\3S`J
0Z1)

(^.&1V



K9/S7OL;H@7K+;T^N:YE]5$M1O5\



]R[G=4;E


TTG'3QD=KI]9N:6OCO&-BSYP0*UJL'=K*N^CUD!A]+7WFD-AM*X^^

MJ[*+](D9UQ:8QRDMMT+=V(^YT?0%UL0

M!1;818P;SB!!/ZQ]MHQ@@8)
CZQ-DOC1[.D+F-YI2'_Y!2SS]&]QBN=F\3WH


<

M-W01Z6`VZ?S-SX*H

MCF8W2\+?P)+HIF%KFB4YDB`0UY5M8NNP))HKB:JJ2V1_263]./]TNB;8`#;T

MLFJZMFV+1)$5WN9K$HC77H1@P^2[@_!%='TBB5]8HT:6J+&?H__C6`AY/9

(XHJY;NL[+KFUJC$-D#JN(TFN8RJF8=5(
MN\.%R:,I%C6`:9S5POJT!V1\C=,=T)79$ZIZL*/V.?T3'LN._+F3'^A^!A7%
MU0U5,R1)4(BD6JYH$XDI3.+*LNKNHR*)/%^'I7E+YPVZ6':HJG)Q!%YVW14



M-J\T



$2;$4LEHB7

M0C!T_N!PA:FN'AYN/I:7#?@X
0B.J&FZJ/






NO.A:

]1RP6W



7==/@)=4194
5)95A@3@*)D.Z*M-

M+%LFT4!^&+RL*98F(NE(O&XZBM;
2\




MK`.XR



MMC&USRS]X_:5_4*6%D.G4D^8+)&*J_X]VP]W'V+S_[M

M\+!D3594


MJUJ0Q7V_*:)-2.-.CZ%6/QS%$!@9B:Y((
-BQ7=%U=!^'#L!!UVY+MFO05



]YKKH/B^;VZM_Z_GMO


ML#B28JN:6$81+
&IDS88SVWB70&H%]`'(4\T8EBJIBZJ&H6;PL[Y:@ZYHM



8D7`3WV.\CXAT$LH&[#E@Q;D##QC[:]
NA'E5=FPY?+`&Z\UF'L*4LHU
M(CZ4P)/LJAK1;)/81!%X733`E2RON4IU$A?`'&_%=^P=\:&$1611PHL5NF[9




MMB4YAFI8LBB(DD9DP-LL0R&BJ-9(6`B#A/N]W[&3L,/UMAVB*Y+JNE8Q#(E
MAQ=,5]&V:6;DVH%I\'S:@'H'F.YQ'H8-P@N2*]A`S(YF$;#Y''N[68UD#7`
MWXK1URO8@S'X3`UHF9BV3AQ3


*;D
MRHZ`5R4E37%MG==

B[(+B=DH9%5Z[9VJ(&W`5`_%
MP-9=03%L5Q2)PUL:;[BF5;KI`&;]T#61VI'(9R!\7CDE47%UQ849Z0(O:O`_


M4XED624JX#O4A&';A+TMOWM&Q1W=

M)7=8O9EW]W$XWS;47D6%6A^'2RPX?__M[LN_N%^=+W_]8'-W[__A?/[_[%WK

W6$9RT$?KM



_^`*<?1

M9




ML&'$2K1*)1KE38$8

KC6Z:PKU29SRG

MD#=9_DPDF6GUC



ZV^3=E7HE9.EC^;.T#&`5

M5AB-^C9-+FK^7K%T\T_E-M._O#C-!FNG
)%;D/W]]$$V+E3Z`1*-C:''6%


XE<ERV70?CU+@/O;7)=F<)A2
CM[0D$LD_:?B3-*&U6IB3D


M]



ML6.E86U-X@BJ-(ZG.ANXF=/:3DG%=`Y

8EC7:
W8RO[[J<@5%^
M.

7
[U+2I]6]C0)

85Z8



MF.DM+=(61$EU8@H_A


M54S3@K#
2GJZS#SQ93G1:$O+M;*/EK5SVO0N*[T6SD6\!BA)5SO,E+64QI
MO43X;S('C^0FR*






DJ
!]-=W1;;'ITO(E;W5;)ILPVT+F/:.1D










M/

MD921I7


M1'%41.2DAT


*`.-+4
MSFJT\[*5`PX]#=X



E+?U_SZ/BJ54:K5$334AOA2AY('E!



MW'0NAA(V/NC2(M#[*@-XOL[
\*22.^/@(@60O:?)6(N=!]78]Y4=7HA?'M$0

T*<4!KYS`;.,!MH9LG9T-3B$L;2**,9(5!5&HAZX.1YM8@V@OM8PP@?6Z
M)1M79@'



Q(6T0.)G]X(Y6G`
M+'BBOB@SRR+ID$&HP`95])`=`Z@A\GY/7X=V0$DT:::0C384*7-)+4;B=_

H-2[7!+MWD0E#M


/K



MVQ$U7Y-

\W?2OA'D2E4/-\\G5+W+)T6)C`1LGLCKA



4D@WF1UG\HDQ'9

Z4/4K]@H!]?\PZLI
JA
M.+C6R\.**L
U/K@0J*$7K.V3^_QOX7V0W)%EF5H62:4QWC+:F].`ULE;!?)\


!;5:4
MC


US/H]Y+8&9BU]W\8]3C64^8'A+CC09Q\L%%VEC+;B'^8LB1W

,2AV18/0133&\?7MVEV37,M]DLB
M/DL7YVA&!2_<@#X//R;D`2EBM89EQZM0X7?L\(W3Z#P.7)X^F1;6C$I*=*L


?KY#


C?
IW:^=Z$\0!17C`




$


HWF4X%&_=BPL_E-'(5`3-@Z:@*`/_P5:
H4

MMK%M1JC6



MM?D:/PQ5(JI$5(GEM8V+58FGC6^I4J=.UB+C(*6:;Q7HJ2HL':7JA(4N2O
M/$IX?H9!:B+6#9
*%O]JDW/T#
LS
@64IBA\&R5!$E+GAGR;I?D\(\T%
%57


M#




M()B]'8/@T3:[Q&8`\H$$U.V;_)9\3).

MWJ^#[@[JQ5![




M`^IOMD9EX_R53.[(:^VK8TYL/$\F^8^_1M



G7B&4RC$;Y;Z`;
?F


89*YI'ZS%5U9NV5_W!8RT\2,6#5.0X
MY#CD..0XY#CD..0XY+C3$PLY[A(X#A/BFD1;\]/G1ANDLA9Q7D1Q+-P3VANO
MJ+H7L?YXR9TPV:V8T:OO9!X</CMV^,CX!$&D/NZH3PX:5`PK0+%`<6A?D]%
M:4!I0&FHWON^
^70WO(!G;+^@




A(44?DCDX
M`90[LQYY88.^-1@JJC
6A^[TT66H'1262Q:6SG(M4%A06


M)%Y*EG*


X[-V'LPVU[

4X0!TE(:`

MY/3BA7



&
M(A$B$2(1WTB$0(1`A$$0'1J(,*RF8A#B$.(0R?'H0[3/3GF#40B1)$(JZ1
MJ-L
28ZY`S
@NR&A'1;S(!8R4LRS1$@3818'B1#D.2GRMSLP$I[D'AFZSTRU



91

DGVIR0O[]6V9#DC*AZN#4:91IE&F4:91




#PU2)2JOD+?:1^



AV8(^_C0J`GW`YTN;55#___.
\O[X+@MG;

S+Y+?E




!L==O3#)BY
MHFNF[Y6KT!W5\_W6*A2IPU546TR[HOPC*NY;.YNO;NTJ'S`N6?1:^9UV6GF?
MYW.:Y)3_WNBVTB2'5Y+CGU^\?U63^9=';D%0)@Y)X(?B4QPDSA/]7S:\&Q3D









_!


)9LT7);L4X$'C1_
M2G].4GW7=TU9--2QXH`AY+MUE%S2QVWS1T760=`IS1W9&GN:Z:NN
G940W8U

\EN;#NR+6FZIIBJ+#J:L5!=DNT9QSP7/CT3

JCFI3%VP9DY3':#&CW=
*+UJ685B^:HJFKKFV;HGN



`3?
6=NU15VR-='1?4.437\9B5$M
MJQ4#/E=N.=L\5EG2?4W3#
/5)$L9^X[O+(+\AFVVDYNEP9L.&Z_4(1B\D)/C

MDMZGON`/`X:ZL9:J.[ZA:J;H:YZB2;[K.8N\$;#UVAMK]AFZ/




MWQ=%
MV35$0_1J
9_OM)\.
M341P3+/9$\Q-
NVZA)KN@
!_?%O3;$^RG<52':MM:CM
M
X?]IGGP6A_3W3;5\@Q?%JVQXTF.H[K@S

SDIW=$G\T9IXHK*F/%-#S%&2NJ:0PUH:L)K?+

MEN4YBN:`I6N




M;$\)IB)M.`]X3`
NN&(RIBSJTA3XCQ-NANR5!?Y;)J`R%*G/(U\3


M!=.WP8P^CAG78:)



?GX(C&(!05BQVO]=\T]\

97-9INKX[MZP8M$-HM(!M<N`'8





!:[9I(#TS`**]K

MTJT7*VM=VH60T+#Q

/(N\O'4Z0L
M@#ZMLCFJKS?*JQ7X79#`9=/(X)4'@'A@T.IOKKK/I+F/JE7W]SF1RXGXXV$8



C]G+T
M*LOQ?3&;#3H]1Y8F



\D

MDT3QD


M)/&2@G$6#EHDO@\QLR\2)64*@:GIY['@G&/7OSV5#T-QR.HB4XNQFIRAJF`\



)80E5D


11(D

MT\B)FU\/\*&2.N2


M-!

-EZQ
M!;JM9(-/L%;




$$5;3*L&9U


.I_Q/[/0XN
^;-9^MA7[\#WB5N5ZU6S


C`8M9NUY4EO18_-T4EN]]^*`O.%,LQS2OG$2!_9Z
MX!N\-^!GFK^`[.OES]A2D.?C9K4)[-9PTX82+P


_@L0:+PRRUBZWGR]8I@L3ELR('EW.W6:*W
M6UD'W3@OX#$X:%OW/BK`)6.@9/TGX'2YB@]D1#%R%;:G\];/[H1\#[WDEM*K

M


U

'[/C`[
<QSTBA$ZH<\2S3Y$NUS

PB6V+QBMR0IV

M\PHH;$_B&M


&K7_;#3Q:V


ME6W4M\CQSZQJNYR;H-L^5=1=(&([UYT`(=LG.3S](1H8\5MJO+@'JU66)H
N\6_71$X6O#L+;\,<-I?9H=3R0:JEF
MA10/=L<--[J(;(_#-G:ZS7?`%2V:MQ8OX=DVYX4[!TY6$$`K6XHM[MKR_VZ
MVQNH



M^



N6*

1]%=$F(@XU=]':[\OCA9#:O=IDJ;$&)8HHT(%.DWZ


:GO$QGU4W2
=*_#_)[
_)F]=L:8.`6A)RJ
_01B
ME:BOXM9@P;Y'`1@RNH


J0P-B#88-(O&8):+O81/2'6QT3-4/
M8_$DC%_0Q




^
+E
_$9R+0/HR](-0&-E?SALI]PCTZ$BQV#R
M$&4VB6)2@]/BA/H)-D[W/:M$1^=,)[D`A`=FTG$BDE1RB9?0^DFUYGUAPK:

M:(3HG:ZD[HRWB[9





MN\_YXK^Q);J__V+8K;\A6).(4'S)'T








[8.X4+#
TVUOW5N\AP1)R4)[=F



LG$R

M6US/\0BW!4@ZU@J$A5,^X2A4&L=E$!BO-IS`WYL@J.Z3[@M2$1&H)A2K;!



H'D-%0L(%B$?-E+
M46`:5B/'

ML1_'FNB(J(A&3(5^N;=&)*I8FE)=AKG49JBS(L*`J.&226/CK`)1]HLR.*XJ


J
&P9

6


]7-
MU<CYY9G1O*Z_)9#X%!$DBBB$#7
EW2EKD0EV)DHZ01+PVYT$[$X0K9;.`;%

MWT@L91`&\-S0IUB9
H$K4\52SM+TK=8'810(75(:428'R,?]!6Y=L&H
BL



7[$+_&UQE%V!2
UHP(1!7L!9B;@*F!^Q,L8#'\
M5W6TGPP57B4H0TU*#,^DI&)PQAT-KT4923:BUAND5=Z\KZZ[K^!0F1`0U5

M1#OGRTP$*`;%'DQVFQSN:Q(L98*M:E1US)[
-O&Z]0L4::E`;4818T7Z7!PO

&B0B1
X5*`XK5:-
MJG9OZP[U-@L,,8,F(%30`2MLR
7W9IBF58S;T_'A7:SW+`-!1&:V7;L`G;
M8=)'I7VE9+6.I&!;XMDZ1(TZ_=A)@G%482*)HO&#UGIEZ0QKMA6QR-RW%'

M3N@4)B'21MO4'Q^Q@



MEB]_F!33*G[YE@UF7^!JH


]W8AWO6_G&T_E



M




7+T29*5C\


ML['[O2(1.\Q'
(D?_S'U_KK^=+W




U+7$78L(2/0O@^=DL$
FNN7CP]=ZR




M3Z/E4#ITR%`Z5VO(^=4.&_SB.
YQG.
XQW&.XRZ$XYP/N1
!?ETAQ:55SRCN

O/7B!YLDY#]2;Y0
4B\;]_-1ZLV2[]Y#
M\F.4CF=3+[_SJNZBF@]9L


XT(VVO*@8L]T^NG
MP^'BFO=7Z*KX#@I!?_E]S4OXG(W2J?
MKM46OWS+!K









X54'/\X.:





[=7:'S

M


MNO\EF=R[
/B:NG:#@LXY^SH)O%



%C=Y?H:OB.ZRYO_R^F/=/E&5`
MQ]6E?
Y&Z=3[D'[S_LQ'R?C&VT2+=;;?MVPP^_(.R]=P_7


/O;RQXF75AP:;[Q).H1_!]XL]Y(1/_9%'[Z
MYV
VF?]VF\+7OA7=`Q`N$QLI.KZ'UPM_LB
^COO`BDDV+D9\R*=9D9O5LY75

BYHD0R?]WZYWEL..WE[












]X$JH$$Y\&`\?'GRN=`S
WJ0+9EP^#H5N'HS+Z5P9'/<'/GR2.6C5DMTW7RWH90KM[4-.
E-8E
/))T4A`+(OXPMS&+G3/E<
M5OEH=Z5\+I0O(!K&+24

?
M_TE3!N#K(F'@;W&VQ#WK

M=59-6^F
MM^IZ2Y1O1W-I4KMJ^
IQD
:;28&9]
M%(8D_['*R%_%HC'*3)^?!Y(_%P]H2N
G7IS._Y5YOY
\Z3')0J`


HMA4@DU

MO




M_R5/G9;W3B
.J60W?J

[
MZ
#T$]-/._73_=49N

O


P`O

M'89


M/S.X


-P-5+O&V`U
.78W7?3XV+L)Z]4C.!





1Q/`(&R!&B'J\K\DX9$(6






M!(#++`YI\*128S


!^N0KX3[GJZI'^[5C\C]P8YK#&WDB4?!'J.GI4M<(M

MM.

F:48=B0PNI/:#



M?E

IU7VB[B6%O-^FL#:(^A@?GQ0



)(;-92\)7T)[Z
MK(
EO$7`JZ6AJ0



M6H

/1
ME;.XXJWNW
?N=P^^9S&;`2F_FQ#-0A);LQ)O3A*9X#'!ZU#PNM_OO`_!8]'#
MYNCA)(OIP1D6/SS4R!(EYB*RB`F+F!3WL8`)DP8F#=6&+E
.+'YX7ORP;XOL
M)KRE9E
M!R==%
36T/OFTRRN2#2O5Z_=A




.OJ[35.RH5\=5

`?:._PINM[

H`A@%AU*NF\*0

&V$%:<
M0QL)7C5//G/SZ!6I.8*%X*81%T9I\2YZ=7$OT&_NO2!%$_P_!GX<O!J'Z@)


N(7WAHN8







M#[[%Q&
D([#`Q(OC-Z#%JQ=/R7RC-9&#.R(DZ^6#I\(==I?E\Y9UP.*GU)



M:S


C^PCWG\+

MO'EN6BU1[YCJ6S=9;[792!!Y%LU@G@PK2%QY]EIKNIW)PWW(`_/LW]V(C_T7
MCYZOPN

S1^


MEFF9
4_'`@]J-?+;`2\



!3F
1?YTA#K_X.`L?6.881G@G=FW`Y-<X4\59
M7CJ2+JQ%TMO3=_CZ%@EW`IVJV[Y&85X0(FUJV\)%



B5U



.6AN&
M58T@BRQ)N2?92G(WI\@4J]^.B\

H]QP3D
X9[X++5@TZ7UU:%

%;XM
E1--P&VBY

M.
-PAN'

C_Q


D%4

M
SQ$$I5GW^8DF&(8CTN\@-R[P]5L&GX0Y-9LPVNMK]A
&59PD44P6&2/1?:8




L


M[/F9)D62G[U@Z`@`('O9S-_XN--Z_6$D2Q(,&^YC
8);R:F\R]V)M@V=Q:




I
MF0J6U5#G(]@!9
4H($!]E+H&[?!!`

5C./']BDN*3EEX*&$0A`70Z
M2F&%/$L/
#V=QV15!T5\``_+\\.4X1
P$IC%YQ?/!D4!K8?P:0#H0][VWP

HQ`\X3/
.R8_OS$1$P][70OHTP45^30N?


-YPP*`CD[01



$9ZZID...Q8O#C


GP_Q%M51H4
<$O]I



GIS_\$325T**G1H_!*3W/=P`@TNI

<CNQ;A$OZ,X`#&U=XL.Y4BHI-C17'%)


M'-LG[H/P_2HD6HZK?#O.$AGQH8D]'PI42H#-/-SF&'$?Q#T/._1!@)!Y8)4+

M;BP17/F8/&?YQ7!!G`54=5+?#GW(P'LM58\?8_(!V3%AER)N3-0L4=?CS)
M%OZ2N%MD#9W1]88C7C(!NK5JQPT5
9H*':P*P\';J[`ZW7PP&97PV0R\*
MV?OY&=-J:JXVY9)U`BXR^3C#:\+(YC)(!:;QRA/7*!]0/
#]^XF0*BX
!R7)HA&$!MX;%BJ+:2A*ZEP8WQIZ?E+IH<S1@NOQ6
MH.;ZC0F%6O339A;-(.HV!C!Z^I;DBL[H`3&BF&?T/(`27A!S,Z'BQ@[1?3S
MLJ38W)MY?I#EB2\+0G+@W($&A2E$28(;O\D\F`9:=K)TYJE5C![2R2%7#$
M=!L1@-E?E.!!:4@#PU46U1N-5R7E%SY'@E%_;

K8%7=
,KP]RRXJ8\M1[;'LVH:LV;+`VWIES@C*MJ)0W]GZV3$^NM-;%G[]$IIY
M&AA<^X:9]&8XA6_BC$S_7HOF'DEE6S(-=6P)8(PZMBDR@AV/@UQK`GRMC)7




!%EQ#57?3ED75S`T1W4E
M01!D6['
_/:AP@V#ZANB)IMZ(X@::X^-JMT!4#
M;1=<.FRANI[7/IM2!BM9,EW!%011@PD9KE`J,5Z7M,UY:8U9#6U-ZTOX0L(T
MBD^`;$LQ=+#'#,$%^9'&D@SJN%P@=\P[6X`@:_LG4AO/.4/?LP:6`@F6;RJ
MR;)L.8IC*7PY=-XPE.U4F`-$IJ6A[_.Q'-Y15-5V79!UC$W9@E
%-#3'VA8+


QZ[&J\JEBA+
MCB);BEZFA(E@?CG\UBST1G_PW%G@EEAUTQE&)*`G\/I8-1Q;5!1;M66CBMKR

RY`/PJH=Y
M[8
PYE+(TMW;0-6^=-Q9(JTV7L;IEBH.([G-;/
L_])H'@NR:6XI&F/_!`\99R=SW;.:IF2*8$VK
MCB(XHFF(LB4;)9<QF_-%1SV`4]VGW4*QNA8MRP3+!\#T
8,2R]&.L;5EQ


M]SC$EC715$W-X%T8J24:.E^1&4RXK4B&*DO[.&3W@%
O?
8MTISK&W+Z]V=G


WSV\X-N7P6ZG:B?//85YS_D;(^M^)Q+F?RDR?7

_3[^M)E?D17_PP_(P7?+]

7_RJ&G0!I9:J^`_]#7_B+&4_\HT[L99&%E4!(G?^%F

D9KE)KNF-UL=VDCF
ME;:PX%9$?GC2/3@;XB9%I)`(36M-.]Z*1`PQ@C`4VOXMBJ98XZ23X-TMM`YN



V7

3;0

?5%


MA8B
XQC'
8YC'





MF-PQN6-RQ^2.R1V3N^N3.T%I+ZC#Y(W)&Y




6
M`^8-AD0
B1@2#1N)VCT/
6#V8&#$P(B!T;#!J


Y]^7.+6F
MN9@\


G)DY:]F.=RI/[S;;NDS)__*_


JTN[K#@H@,O[N:WO:X(ZY7
M$S.98S+'9([)')
Y)G-

YFY/Y@1%8[+&9(W)


G)D]
\3!!88+!(4)A

IIE

YEF
LUD


_V.@Z`

43B5=0(;76B:(+H@^`BLW\VUXWH0.I=I5-A:3V
M3B[N(=





)`
#%2?V#=_01+N*WGE?HD67OB9VS7#IIR+5W^:

M@;=(\A

<<C!%4!C+7





MQ-5PC3//C'5\-&Q+E^NGD4O?&?IL.D^36^%G.S^

3UAG7?A4
M;,^'7UL'N+_%49)PMA?';^C,F0MLP]46MNTCWJUL]3&6C&4.9EDBRSW^H&;
M@`0']*-C/






UBV`V.0=[WP%KMUWYIR



MM4[FI8XV39A.OF;79'!A2X:%W=4.N''H*[T/O:/M%H9T3"90!X=79?E]LYA
MW)MOP5P))JT]JT]!NGPH8B\T^+&QGH[\?KUO0VL1K1N&WWCE@3GU9IM<.2/




QUQPP'@+].G57

O2YQ
MI?N2B+=%


*Y






MUF27M^QR4JYN*UVSX%&3@_7ZV9OX


T5;ES75$0%0'5VS5
$6G8H;)5$1!B%@QW*C



MIW4\'^JN;@BR(LJB*_&:`8:PH)0STW33&`3HGS0S40;;T!G+NNK8.L+%6*MF

`T7AB[BFMII=\KRFIGP'$L*Q[A?5FP4H*C&[)@
M\28OCF5PF4O0
(5MT_!2*W68@V*`RZC)@NG8OB3@F78,E_.Q@38Q`+=)X9
M91K@D[BF(X
&_&7?,3(A(Z?+*/$_X6


MX%!;NJBJMFN:8Z)Y8)%QINVZ`CJEJLM:@VK=@`)+D,UM$AC[T\_\+VP-$VK
M2_8(OV-(JF7)EF;BJB/`07$
:6

MW2&$



33/;/O

\L'


I2%[UI+
V5\FR)22H316GV-6Y&((;KA0Z'M3RG\=HGP



MMPQ!

$82S:NBVHAFKJBBXKIL(+
MU;GP\?8Y-PF@XH1A_0P8

MMWR0A%[^R0=7PY]LG71X%X
N
VAV&&
PAS%`:.!=:=1;4\NO44I69N:VOW(*





MCCU6-$&5]'%5Q=F5C1XMAQZ+C(NBY&+]2!
TC*HIAJJ-^;)$W%C0M8%.^KB5


ZX
MQY7LL$

ES;YBUC++H.
*UF
MN^6FA


M6$*:8`#6ZK9L:X(



MKROV8//7$4+W;
Z/;TQF#7)UQ





]?1V8OJ%


'0BD8CF_!8H]P3E5REI%
M6T46`%2_MGVU6B!9Z&(FVA_C%'&V\
20$)C1*RUL1G'@I2SMJ@/O)]&]`NJ_



4Q@5OJ+E6NP(JNPZ4C@=#54!?NQNW
MLA_#G&L/ST


M^TADE%TBTU`T
;LPFF0L0;]D5GB5!78M\D0RB`$;P*S`-*K0MAI3/KZ[PYQH
M

M[A48OC(!M
U^!\*$&Q@V(4RG6`!

^
\AC'^2(_3/
MG-[_C0M<7R=6E#*#6\)@EN6X0L63/;7V'KCCCMXX9RYMDJ^R-I2H8!2/PR(
M
IQ93A:EAN8IK##!HY!J+F@UMQY61X^Y);K$UN^,1S/-\W'-U81/;+OC'

8F;7FB&=L!M

[U*!##N$[VA+


MT
]AON7KAB^J87D^;;IP1N-\I2/
%7P/02%XA.6$\9L'0
?[APV4A/BZ\!V8

/C2UI)FD.;P






M\P/UH*:4.LW$)(&P;:4R;$#IQZ(2$V+5+W(8/:LZL

M\R3[C_(C#.5ANS

`3:?@J


XN\D(Z=:%UI


Y@+
M;Y;;X
+V+L5MM721


MF/
?5B2V'D&BF

MEGLU+W1J6A_F#(%QIPS.;=3]_3X#(]6[+$]S[':EO+L[-9@\).-_O?IZI?54


?M.RR0O6&7;I^

MJ>9;\Q-:MZ#Q'J$=RO76VBAIO4#J!=5Z(U^JL8M+&-/Y/RD&.E7KU/LLJ
M5\!G
MC8*\21M2F@S3WEN-=*L1[T8CWJ3)4.^95WM+&+P5?3C%M




.X_L[








/Y4S34HOM
<HY!TMOM.BX;`/O`:EO=*^R#L)G:1:8\JV8U697BVA
M4
%;3W93H#).D^\1A



KX3.?)2-BZAB]!-

MZ1BBEG$VG1=YD+U[3


MT?HS-8R=T@5%8

M)O-1#*9

/%I76AQ;T/%V'4'5U:)O%I8.K
8Z;#

M=47H!H%@)B

M#P$6_#CO]M


/&?.BB<[






X:H/*:



MJ
'I3J!U+
3PA9COJ#M*B3./K.6D8J&LL1(STN[P^*\'LR#&R)Y8))CPCSJMH31O%

R1G69BGY''!O
M/2K.(F1,QC1D];.*0E)-BK.$%=DU)^
QCE!N$=/LF@






MTN9U9*





=C]6

MTQ



M]S/S*\__MLC9V=INP9E';*
4=9@
;7SJT^9=4D1K![#?:HR&DKCH97QU#`

ZK
MHL;(B#)+

HY]URP:-24









MHS3X
%[3IW-4Y*DCPWU$L;]!7BD'%IS
M$NKU
)`VSQL43GO@$9R+*BG2P&BI*Q0


M8RW





MW&7473P\(1M)=H-L

O-.;/KJJ[TO)@W:%X_O+SX;;KZ=(&O7TTG=WG3Q:*Z
MGTQG[0


M'W_=N4I@%^T[EE#5
*WW






M)SV&@SPF^DXK4


4;UI=RQ2W=


+R7(YOY[F<23KHJOEX\]K(SQ9+/+TZ771UG1Y
9OC)R`
MN=5G


M5Y5+ZZW0D0@F3')-WX8BY4`2ID79=+3S.*\Z^DZ


FJW[E=]/[JLPSX6-V[N1$T]*


M59#!K&$'%[0I)WAWU6^?&/:K3PCYPP






@22L4MSR)*.`&$F`K&$PCG0L^B)@O.R8
M$3HR]&^




N#=?X[D;XD4GWX*SS(HEI-%^N1+9OOU(=N
MA%J;+%IH3HQ&(C+NVCTA6OIB
M3EP7[1GX)NHZK`

6X(Q!`07#0]2


M4M$`W@MJ5
PY&!1)HBQGQ97#)96J^]9['U!CX.%XN2CK4H@
%$;A/H=\
N1E
MN!P!)$0X)+OV,%!W^AH.&+:R!L/@7(-HQ(QY-B






ZDL2!,HY8L3&##DAH[IV;T
M[+-`P;X-?@$]1L\XP$5BI


Y#1!EN;[J?!7XVPHMBY8G:E$4%0CTG3R`S$)+
M4=_E!1@%VVVI*QT(Z1%Q=D11E4H;Q!:&

R\??=%03Z<DBM5.'XK*(M=LEE3%J5:P9G`G.?N-5KAL='M2/
M=5J=
&X+GA5F

6U-WIM:B;1FJ)4


(5`(E)WY.:O?:

*P+

9


ZI&KFLC]X41APKRSAAKFT).8-`4RGXH
M
H.D.*Z=VE3:XR=RP#_&&3Z=7YV,;N]'=I3?6_V;ANOW:]3*JZ2W!G0-8AW
M6H5X5A18?2A,SON^?`VT&A7TG`ZEHSRI*;W:A!:KK7+C4]9



50[DVR68V7'18(]EJ



M`0
U3:1J/


#F`!3

M987Q1R8F[GZUTE7;SX\]$%_/8QA^]H;[OX[#I$P5`@LNC?Y&$(J(K=.F_OI
M*`;8^*[V=,,TF:D1.89#F'!02M!1!62.05'`J!71,C%M(E'_;0G&&4`7]0A



MP




M




LV5J.41M8A80K.ZXCA[757+GG?_Q0KWYL*9H12[1




0VD:T
ML;AB=+*@@C$9AZBW.
7BCZQI
;A[R.2$`)YP(IK+/II:P;;^9348#[[%MUUP
MW
KDNH+]G6

QP?O?C5#IE0-%AM5K3E#R)&TL.&M''^8VP'[7S?8(ZG3X`
MDY)2CG
NT00$B#!DP9A9)6'`?77YA/*Z9U0G)`DF6@?4*M/D?@NXW/KC*LQ)





I^4Q:NX5S?NG`U''?+^^^BR[N5Y\&13)K_/;

B








M#:''C0MZTN*WH!Z4@]`&UF8D5
;;DMVJ@9C![B9:V%!Q






MI;

ME3B%Q


OU9^7`
9[4I*[[6CQ/M
M73XM9K?G

M*:H
NKZ[NQCR




@0
3R;0-#K!5PYBX5
*^X)]

`QRCY&)NK$^L2;*X:P-IBM69<NC6.&J?GNZ?I)R`
M=AW/U8`9;4ZY%(J%M.-5'98#G6!-45#?1^38965G3A)RS38%\LJ*CR,71QF]
MY2%32<D_AAD9P4(RRPCIGI*BUT2V_H
3U6UX::U)_:;#O)GCLB#S-`F/)

3+J)0#.J0T,$2N[CT6Q5W^8W
2

MHAAB!%(%P4!=/M)!TWA*GZ4X15]XI]AK(@XY5[$PI'*LF$6IK%P;VS^Q
L_G
MVNPPF/6;=H[O!`JZ^%'USD/\2ZE$'A
.3SU9W-BEWVIB)(C__:?_N;C[W_?G

M05%0B=


W\ZY

M^_3M;Z
O[/.GK]^^C+Y]^#+Z=?3Q&^N//H[&'[ZQS[_T/GZ]=)CIDV=[W?X$


M;=/'`


]^S:W@V0\R!'IPYF;`73`






18%IRVQW5H#JAEK[TQP)4V`O6G
JPU

K0.;
2

W$

/:WQ).UW_ZJ5V(


+



[:TDU

ZR.)_-










M6-ZZYR-=EU&]+'(
DF



54EA1

M9A#P
$!_W(0_V*X+LSKHE2LPXJ_
CN6\K;67&+7D4BV=/.V&VLGN0+'$W%&







Y];WH
+3YQR\?NB-3AK

6S(-):]#





MVJ








K=)`8S





M2A*;AUNV8+=K'MFE.IG5


M8=UR5N:L*:E$?`GBV&J!_A78BRN;7#NP$[8)VV7$]@'-;ABDUTFO$_9KC?WX



32?B^(VD?%RD!^L\PB
!


F8LGC]X[N
M;)BP[H=#M!!Y1GD,1J=9CMW$I6`.^B@D@XJ^8V$CW;!Y5:)[LL/V5?^^O8


;$K









M*8RV3@`A@!!`5EN4[`)NZH*'
MZ]*@MMQ_9W/GUKN[`MX7F'W11)TBH(H=(0


MLO#D-R_P?E^@U9FQ0@(#X2'*N,A76&H;7*L$4`(($D[76T1'HIS-%=^6S+P
M_*7GFR&7NQ*1TVO*)^&&USD/7-4B^Q=(QDMJMU*KJ@2Z;!:8$U&%;0I'QQ!
MBZ!5R

]/V1&J6M92@UBQ@)='.BB*VE

_]%

-(M-
M1XGV^'G2]E,(O^6RO??\*?=7483+[RSP''O*_D,1_ZG']O_`!B:[\Z)SB5@6
M]LK=$U<DE]VJKP)*$O=F9WR).@2=`FZ5PW;R
XM3U@N$9L1EFN
9=&NI617


M5]J*ND4Y16+I8%QQ0^ODY
DA*412J#ST*P'OD;5TP4E10VEFEN.2Y!3)J;+2
MKRR\1V(I[=2K872S*^A^(U)HPZ_V4VA.')[Z_

M6


M?RP`VM@SH!/



F_\9.'N-)N9Q/
MQ6Q


(N$55JFV15E665


0$J6=Q


M9VUU&

8H



MF#/0
@#)'L26BI`)'FYUN;]@T!%



HTF*P[;.&AG3V8`D@Q&BV1_C'1QN
CKBWM*G!/'[?FQ0\
M+X@IWVHY\&\#/K`GL'[P7^P

&F7

M





_'-EUM



M$


#8-/.?Z@8/P'%



MJW:Q



W


-14C=CD?
3Z+Z
M

M0!

A^6PHL/3^<




MH?EHVHX0C
*)M2OJ]ACL







M/MP4YHW-@Y=5$&S%9C/H+[YFVHA/J%D@-RAXR&RM7(TS)T)GG;CUBD+-88[Y
M=(\6U-XE*:&IX)LP0&

MW+R\5@U;4WRSEP5&U&!@G[?OB_5A7SV#/3P:G*R7GDSR^E




GN/AQHR]
`


M:!KQY/[!*EIYY0R7(11K(IC/$MIG\T.6B_]MZ[Z!]-7%*QO$YQ?Q'!&YPJ.3

#]*!@$/QZ_I'`W^O;66!1ZG+_(#%2\LN*L+)5+ED04=#


T6_(B!0C.7GNT[S+R?&(L8-U7/;





MF1!D49-%G42?$1J*
Z@KKV(&GK_TQ`VO=8Z0G?PCY#`]21UE5V6\[@Y4VE30


M2-]$[M$7DXW&V4GWEN[UK]Q*S!5$RP/+B(6@CV1B;2W##91!-_EI@FQXIP1@

J#




ME!BZ


2B%CDDUMS
.[\]FIBX,-4WDJKOM]L30_!IX=(7V%.CA8,`QX
M%]<6/.1A^QS4L\[J88S`+H<I<+KQ


M=TD&D`P@&7##

M601H9`7LS+.

M

M8&\LGT_M\!39=%L.\0




R\WH8'04&4TI)M.DCZ&
MIFJ9



S7$%T?(`W6&*[QW;Y6_G


NL


MYH)/RKEF=LFW2








2*EAMI0
ME




@K

B:9F)_)?=:N?@R*I)Y+P=)G]T-$TK!5R(F
`K#21LTMRC428X?MN2P3;]=5:I&0(B%%QE<II-8A

KU(JI'I50HA%F\8
J^
M01W'=OG;N92\JJ;\)5/R?)MS-O


9XNU57QFU;$DCL4=)W[FYSOE3GP&







M
=.IH%*UJ`)`4#


M$E)EH%\)F(R







M[@;RLJ;#'[F34Z::;(A;!N2FJXCF?2L[K5K3A(-Y*]?2H;EB.K:F@(WQJ15V
MQZFJ^0X$AROI3\__M0KBG!E01JVN^9-0P+@;0*0\);CG;




\D/%W1ON0R


.L&F5!`K;+



J;Y]!
M@
6
#$]
TT_=$D@N?7MA^L_K-2UX2?5



`


&826EAD%
C)0MIZ;C]`F
MP

MT4?





M&

.QY=\
&(7[+OPV-4-3(@2FZ#VYFY'A0GQ(#MX5+2DD

M+*6F7QA





R5Y(Q._AF2
R1G2
[D

MAAM$RP

E9Q2?Y3W##9WHZ5T4J-T
MMLOMPJU-&=8);@2WPN!&=W
(;@2WPN!&=W
(;@2WPN!&=W
(;@2WHN#6S##R

@;4R'




M_;/OA5@+-2Z\VIL!7:9.0V0LY'YW_SMVNVNLJ/[`VVO(/O[GYD3V8@M,
MT]LNL+UC/FV5\Y5%
^V`.?S!#F0)X0:#5XK:GQ+8T

@*
MI!;24E7*79PXJ;]J`D=:]E*4LUV8O^.
DDK$6[6JD0M0!HJ:MUG)]]
6L*TK








D4T\TY^*N?E1$.)BXI;.0U\I

$MO-S

MYN9C[-4WK3%YB^CP=]
B@AG)LA



%L

OX
MC&!H!Y;C!41;TUON-9O__W__T_C/V_5_42GT#$G0E+?R#I\

]&NG2










A4:20#LT8[M@$6!''@R))[B`1:3`VZ-?)=Y;MRX(6+B
7C1Q'UNF8T7RMH`<5T*YI<\?$3`@(\1`3!8L/(*(`RW

USN
M9V[Z0
P607'$*624`40;2XQ2<GT-
M87MIY9+V0!*+(SG@_WG


M;

$$AAH?O^-BV


M_1&7A29\AO)F?74(F/^:I
HX@+?0

C3;N=WE*FH*0G$R
MCJ9[-G


M7F;:T]Y4Y!`(Q#W5?7_904?64#54M:4


M3UCI@\-.R

ET_B

-:U[E`;ZKVA
889Q9






M


M?MA[Q^'SB


-A.GF(&/[[+

M]'VP73E(


MQO&SV2UBKX:KW1VGU4L%[
^A92I87U=:X@)RI2NKU







M*X7WX/


M'0S1=
VG-1NZD1T4ZVZ9$MP(;B?0=EMN@\C?9]V44687E$TXI3#(H4IDN?


M?.R^W09XQ5\&





MZ
-5:=RAKNVG



M;MI:;3USNOA=]FXE0T&_)K45ODK!ZEB


M!QBJPWZSTVEK@


A/Y/0BQ4/82B_/B@PO3

M[7-\75Q^=BH*W;H6EJ^:WK/A1C03$[7?+'3?3I
2O*+R[N195)&#?9.)]'N+



M]P)K/X$NDGC&5TXYO%^4


P*







?*R

MZ?T^I9)8:]3L];36L#GHCUH]K/VI)*?7W9[2R=WOG:5BHY)55+**2E91R:I2

/Q

51^/FQU5
M[?2;:M





JW3\F=C(QDQG\`

M&YUA!M%ZM0@;+P22;SZTC&$SJP)A^VN*/WDS1@6M


A;$%N'9LHPBI1%


M?RF17JL%-&



R*?)^[UC-F'G0#F8MOE8#/7@`J0I&_#W^=


8KO(#OKU)


]8G\2*1NB(*6;;%&]\AY(\OC?C
MA7R-M91(Q'/H*Q(\FD[@L0?N(B7ATQDDGSRS`0_?K?.ADO1?#L1TO!G8)I
M

M;;%^`H.!!_ARG]?T^7K?NV=O[O;;W/W8V.AI//KU:Z^QW:Q_#YS!!O=_W^Y`

MHJS59]

K?[7F?!HY_-


6RW6G&.8VT\;O5&

MV6X:NR37FTJE2*Z5C^2:
M2&AJXKG6:KKXSUH3(P$I)W=:6U2_)F5ZL4R97_



M

YX
-P=HMK4E0NH^(OG/GSC_N+`4)M?



MULI[Q.K_JBOQBP^&\8.;Y4%^^_\^HYON*_R&.P.TA%]B)A7T56^LCEMZL]\:


MO?98';1A=*VD;DM7U[6BZ[8(_V^NL2/9;M[WWG%X-__YRZ?A;X-O'_[^X=L_
M&^S#QV^COW[I??OPZ2/K?1RR+Z.OW[[`S[]]^?#QK_#KAV\?X

M*NS[
*Y?I49^Q

_YDA


K$%RIK

=2&ME
K:AQ)W4_UG[JIMI@J=4LSCO9`%X$&*_X
M[8G[21TS/DUJ22$^F`T099Z`XEH




MQPVA#0JO#NJ!U=T8]^)P/GX%L(4X00;]:_&X.-]B@49`(@=$]4`86DX%YT3

M`&K_S^;S:[5ZD0

[/6QWT6+6I?P9Q(4)BRPF&R_X:[X()BX1%
MPN*5L)B:'*P$RGHH'5,#=+V0@`!00*BD'*BW_`HBO!6_5SJ&_5$]V]KEH7P

M9E@%Y&4%\HOW?G5(M%.E?#E4)JP(%J^9JXA$0)U$0)M$`(D`$@&W+`)4([.T


#


ME7.(7_K*D%12]*3@J%

N1SN`/PD$MVG/5_8P#:(5O9B6A_6

M`ABD]_Y,\[`@FXW2WCME*Z204+;Q;,F/`3Z)!6SQ$`BGR']Q=,!!HNJXY@



M%'!V'CSC


F87


M5F@JU



M`GD`7+(8SK!I@]0R*%T(@S*'




#WMJ$BH2*A(QT92N%P2(RG4+?GL#'7K



M]=!GS/P^AJ./15




L+^%``;ZO;

F67#P@O5&N\^B6WV?Y'Y?*_RSA@;-
7-]@72ZX








S5[2OE0@EY



MH(77*'




H^O5M5U7Y:\




MVS2;$LW^7

M:K;!N_0;@L/L+_6O*TX



;3R=N


M()*^4.X7\6RAQ-=(9-*.L'.[X%$XFVKI!1R)_`0EX/;VA+?ZQ44AOPK#B;
M@V3]=W;/(4^_F!85=G


=8DT-!&[/0-I[=@MI;A7=E]B&T+

BCN;SWWY<%1]N
(/:#%O\^

M

9$78+0(TSQ7=UW3U1S/(\0T?3_P=&I[-K68_1A&





MF@9Q/]%\%CB!;D)N0&LD32]T5:_ES



KO1@Q#4U555`Z(]YA!F6.MD

-T5'18FI)R$ZNUQ_2EPNO_)



M*J0T'5ME^WI^AC:59_`]()5GBU?`L[V`\=T3,T*Q+QKG[K$#K@?&K:@&$+

MX/D)S-_Y)QWQQ`7-
(C.F*
REYF&ZQC

MZC0'`CW3
SQB^:YOJ$SW-A.&#

M4`V#Q
M9J*
3EBKO^;Y)132P/9T^N6X5N@8%G6IZT
MP4F2S1PK
)S6\
GS^?[Q%59'

R4
5U^?BJB=A-/
M&)KF4)UJMD]L/PPL3S79UD3:5O]F3^;7-8I/AZ'$HH[)+*I9#M.HJFGA1M\#
M7VVMB+7ZJTD?&-^CH$2KI/'34DU#)TRVLF'X=^:+7TO2]#.57\]/_D76UO


8G*GW$BQVUP


M)OBNW
ZZNBKF1#8\M'C)P3LMI







MR6(M7EZIBOC*FZQ

MH^;4)$UT8
A&9C(3(961J:O=T'7-[&#6XPOKB



M!9`

CW*3
MOR.
`AZK&LZ#/


MT-&X3X`A[H]^5*_&@0&IH7;]@LQC=W=5/
$PIZ#*
U(U


<9*8.7\&!.U7W*:
MKTS9(AB%@)JC3YA9-\$XIBIUYPT_2(!^*0+BJ699EM)&K[D#ZZ..WAAM.K*'
M7

ME$V&E=EJ095@;0M`5(;*-_^JJ#V&+!JA36%S69QN#(+/G)7*O^PTP3\G*W9_

RL#SJUF
[&_XFP:USJB%[*B&7;4U\*


='



F6E94VOUYF




M+I#JHBG;:#_^]6[FV.2&S@\]A4BP)/Q%:UVNRD86!7=-S@AV+0ALKKZ9_']
MN71V1CA@^?7=LVZ)PF5Y[0-6D]N;Q?5D=3F[V5W/&Q9EMO
;M836GQY='?3
M_YS

EOG;+I:UB;%7$W2\/MEO*
M=3;`^

MF^DDQB$YQA5(PN-6!]/F'J+(=4\2[7:!SC&2[%


F$



M5:?I;!O(

M7EKQ.!\U60!9RLYA!+GRL)T6C'V^V,_/D]Q@F_.I.4Y\JK(-%UPV6EJVQU

M\*1#^C0;HJ1CJ

M4O?X/2

M3O:MU4X$CR&TK]8Y7S?VMFP4;_9@E[E-GG-IDU0Y6QN4CEWTT^*6&G9I*T/A

FY2#HS.I



7(C+02/1E#*2'S78(!Y





M*^T4%7

/)1&'&

MB-5[5


M+GFU!1:WD/#'O:&EZ[!I[-K#5?GN0W;FVTS%[7+FLFMQG*`U]QY'1'EMOI

=V1AW;O6Q;HPMK




&TZ.^W-0MPCO.


X-P&_T0?1#$'ZG

S.X++?YXK6=E9=L$=&SRJ]+8?
M-A9+`9%9+J&L803-9438_8R%2=[+)?$3T99@T?E@$HFN!J(EP:D?$OXK@=AF

H

UDXK$@6%SS^81SC?@[F7'/=_'W[O


NX


M/X+&W8_G5L

MLBP$:[&T

SAIE&
NXZ)%S`:?SX)


M+#2*BT`]&^
XT[@.F*9


@2%?





M]-S[#XDWCV







BVYL27PC4_Z5_X3(S_A,_\GH_&N9;+M\.V'+M_

-HA8]?NY7CAJP5.DGW(EWVA#38\M(KDMP7A+[ITE'2^


)[4SG$SGP!2G=N6G



Q/



M?4@
KA=8#:Z7$B2V*=)+&RL*6?M'363U@_];9W)M[8W3Y+Y=8.84O^2-AX
MUW;FG8[AC'I#NV.










M@#SXHVI#$?XHL%FE5918L5DW*`)Y0!Y6@NHC3_LL4.W:CNB*O&+G2F;;`ET1


M212264!#T0F*%13%E]3QJW9A\6)OSZVPIVCMXN@E1_4T8@B][&_CL`^HJQ51


C1(I^HC


92K?M?V7;*DHGM!5+`7'D'8RF0(S74FT!A8)+-$PENBV
M01(@9`$2.(%*9BMMBDM6UR!N09/@?`$R7L*;2
GK3S6168:^6WK+0/8URR




M)PC3Y-OD2^A%4W9%[X?W
Q8F[(*%;.*G5^(WKKA`+H+(^^N7?_Z#D)^+;Q2S


_?2!3EMY&
M8S[DCB4I8\F_?_=%IE$,4GYW1^XFB6$A6,V)ALJMN-;+0U0%H&DC'SHIB*
M9SL7JKP


3&E8G?I$7+$G0?D)H

\GCO7N5?OYU(@O!IK[CC.J_D&\H)8O*&$O

ZX&TSZ4[Z








;)ES3^=-(XUJ6'WUIJV]CMO:EX(/S_O+J$.3]28NAEG0^=$.3


MMTH

%MW;/&

CF\XEQDOW-7]5;_KUXW&?B

MY%]





M*/(E.GSVY%

M!G26L//EAT_/%]_%E/N(1ZLP



2!K3



S[1=Q2*6O'G/N3<S[X*F5_F[?V[VHL^*4EF$%<MOZL#

M0`B2!



R(0$(&`

ME4-HH'$&N+Z1#4]D@++=X0HG;1X*A]:MV$3`3P`[P0YZ8AV+]?;1'#@GN#`
MO=N,ZR=[6W-S[L1?'`I8+,T0BANMU1S4%%








`WN\0
&=(:?E99_)B*1LUV-K

#WV3G*PDN4UZ9PR!@BA5F.ZP1_F1$L;T
M@TD1Y)B2R

3A6_F!U)_SFC
M4S=Z8FDN?J8$?C96F`^BC

MF82




+M7.O4ZM^(`98





:O-8&-:F&L$=AWOA#;AXJ0(M0/
M@5?R@X:!XV#QLDO.(3Z(=3OW'US8?DOLBAV2M6L'2#\?!:%X8'G-

1;V9<K^(U\J!
ED
MFI(Q6T)\)?.]ZT6*D)_G:?@PRUF*D)(GROV8*-TD\-]TD\BG/TWHBS^5H\_;

W&6]I-2E

55
M1P$+@@7!@G*H)5CP-&?0*2D!%C2X?Y7]$U\
[OS^VL_%BC$@430?_L^OU%?\


MD&1TJOC%[SZSQF=NM$32U_Q,R7PL['/!!E3(:/[
.U2^\NIB)0SLU2CMY\
MRGD?!]&


MY=__35'^OGUQC\UC2H;W_O=VEI$\:\?#WU9OOGD3JFXQFR(Z^3^_ZNFJIO^W
M^:_[WBLE'/[\:N`'^1NSK3JZU=9

G7CU2_/5/00

T_/(U

&7L@G9A-I2N_T41U@!;.FS




T])

M\*=A[D=%$;^-TB6WO@39[04XXGJUR*(06)'(8]'K!!!^G:MASPIXJ&%_E)C
MJQM9P?/-]%+6$F($+#=E[;;IAEY9DT4L3:I4LR:Q)K\ZSI3G/L!Z&)7X6J[



MI

M]LFC@'+!&1H'C:N!`6E8G#)ZK2`HZ*RC
[VEJ\)Z+=1U8[SD
[!;)^B&\LI-
MTLB-51#V$9`75D#)'%U+^Y6TM#0OZ64L*&69I1?E+*N]%:R4X3E+-Y[E*8
)T?9X&Y[`?=`CI54WIBO;Z2A!
MR9K$@+<*V'G`D4N4+FA^
3&AO0.AT3NW;
;:C)4-SMT_G'\(\26.MHI]0


&=.ZX#

)R90/Y)OR.9GX\3ME
MGRQVN=??PF$^?JL=)?Y-A3C^RZ=Y^%1E3E&$`WO7'AW\AF;:;)37WDG7-G;2
MQ=D[]GB!@CM#3LO+/B1Q41`BW]6V14E&RK;E.NTQ\R7TG(0Y1PY)D*2\\
1;

:'O_HVD1E*=Q!6T$/)QT1A6J$
M.9G


6:;-Y52
M
P4;!1)]LHS8:1JK.1V@Q`
MNATCM7;44Z6E
@RMMI9*\ZHT5'X0)#-6%G'J/W%^8D.E'Z8SLF:]8*QNS5@M


M9G[B0N$?^=.

[GE4O+SL7\1/E7[

MS[


CD6B
'^99&N2YC^YNJ:_

`Q8^'/&_?*AXN=\
M


M#(+8[]^ON)\)'7Y&%P3)2/GJ1[










\[?9S

(SI








TT





MUOX9
W.K_8!L?OBV?JRVF.KE_BNSBBOKQU]@IZ&_^N8!#!T
W94-75D]%6#H

G?IJ/

M\]@=Y7[

M_Y6^`F





MB

M5V5[W2W/$1MC4Y@GZL3/@L5A9U6+*?W.$FJLCB\VD)()\;-9NJPTN6:F-O?W
MN]T^NVCDA^D\3WXVG3_GC+@;ECV_@8*4C+@GP61PT!?YVBUC-;%&TL]:+0


MBM[`?&::OM'OD3?):#0O@$R^AQD[*RZ^Q_;



[I])5YC(4

M7JUK58H]RSIY6;:6!'D@Z?%@Y9,T'7;\D@L3_D1V5/1U-*@C\R7H-Z?ST4



57ADF\3+&GFCT_2YO7S6:[#C%Y=OR'*!7Q

M68CCV&'SFN

@K

B?9N3MXH=U

U^?N7:/YSHQ\TOU*J^KIH'GN9[%HJ^F
R%VD^_
M*UD2A4-EP10;ZJQ3U5S7U?7?YW=8_ZA0)OT8?WL-0`E]T1&%]MMQ.*2@$4K&

MF<0RE9?.:[*O9



M._T%W``WP.TEN)5TZ`FX`6Z`VS;



M&?#





`
`X\=Q'/&27M%X+GP'/@.?<+#QG7;^VOBR:`YX#


6!7!:/


MG=(.^.-U537NE






R\=

(4`+MNL)*)`%9
_9$+/4DG;$SI!@W5SCR[?*`'``
MO&R;K!HE'9K`)M=Y:2+=MB6XL+S:`0VGOL7JPRWIN`5
!T`D?OKINFN#R


MB)*




#?PRS[Y03@*`R`.B`/BKF/T.O2U
M(OI^

E8M+T6G=UT53NE@=+R


HV7
M[KO*1PS2F2%00)


'`'W`%W
MP!UP!]P!=_7#G6:)V]0!WH`WX`UV#K@#[F3#W6M-%W?R?J1P;KRN).`(..X]


0Y


M?'.CA$*_+XBM:FT3SOBPB-`?Z`_T!_H#_8'^0'^@/]`?Z`_T!_HC1CYH3')L
M)LE_^?'





M/*#8@`?@`7CL7;8(.X;$J@5P`IPT8=&.-XHGY++M1U\[^'
69B';T\ZVY'G\




LG)
XS)261GY.ADB=*/B;**(SI0_]Z



M45$9$32WWO:[03Q47R\!F`:F@6E@&I@&IH%I8!J8!J:!:6`:F`:F@6E@^J3B
M0HZXE

M?L8Z=?1(08/)%U1A2&L$T490I=`BKOU5UPWH2.E5LNF0H:XS,47Q2!HEQA
MF5
6L]7:HP%)@:1.*E+N568)=`4L!18BQ5/Y;2;&'AHF`IL)2L\I-`]\!2
ME]0];%D.%GT@*A`5B$IJHM)+VM$'2X&EY)&?!+H'EKI@:\K6P5)@*;`46$IB


MK

MSPOW=I


IQ%Y./HU_E
MWU-)=*(D^..7?_\W1?G[]A?_+_&C?-SU4])-LOP^)?'P

)9A0
MZ73]_*K'INZ_S7_=]UXIX?#G5P





MWV9E@/X@I8K=E'%M&C8!Q:

'10B(Y1BF
M9=4J!*20B_+`A:2$Q6^Y_YT4X5%AQL)ZDA'W(HKP#Q8*]3J
%7KKB`5#_2@L
M'

M6-'9BSW!T[P_Q-Q(X/


[?V52I+5*Y](9?MG'++-


L4YV\#O``OP%NEFUQ:

M+FZ1J


M/WX

MF
TF$S^EW\OVM6T)EQ)]$S&1T@\6
EVTND'1AS.F_^BB#YYWYZJ6:KNZ;E
Y




Y6Y0ASXH



]^6]41FY


U


[1VD;IO.8:C]6J5NK\01D@*3R-D'=@6
[:#3ENTBJ[Y4QTFFS8'+13@(



M4894

FY?$T_/G'QM0OPA!7%'W(I7JTC?@MV_Q
M7`0_FP=FE]4?;96]TX0@[!(BK

MOB`SUF^8M5:8N:YJYZN!GA?.E9YOI*KBJJPA/.H&PJ



.65N)9732



$7H`5H`5IK_J$M+@0?T`*T




3T

M`/HC31M08^DBUA@P#(KW/1`1!P`]PJ@YNX)$W`#7`#W$YT+VW`#_`#_*HJ

_?21G*!:C2P:M'L%@5[A%=BAAMGI1L(#:``:


[?A-[F1)*]R0(TNSUA




P\B!!&.'P79_WBA
1T!QH#C0'FFLVS;W6KG].L0W)\B0H
M1='KGW+_(2([O[_V
_^2$I`HF@__YU?J*_X['6JP^'U/THU-1;0^A/MP0C+E

MR1WAD:4F1TDSCPQPL4W!ER6EYVSX[Q#V1J*=
TG/@IO8N2DLC/B9(G_.R_


(
M3A6FN.Q95(9A3#^8%(
M!#9D(TQFZ=ER$D9M?_]IEKUY]/WIVR_!F`QG$?DX

M%S$W(S]




MW//DM;SL5Y\:L=?

J2[

M!TE*G;I869I2N+@B9\I'ZPHS`@8BX08WNM&-O7-J(RQ$KTZ#-!A&I=/X1
MB!/!:I=(Z_7U8W+KRHH@09#@\\FHQ6JI%@Q9AB3+B/6UI!'F2?Q9T4M+Q#X

OQ$B92%K
0!Z?@9&?XS#O.L/0\K/#6XSG


*B5__B\7.KR$S_(9GERG0E2B4;^RE19DR8
.ORY2UII)*.U

MR#+!95MC&-WCE_H5+^4%F!/OSA-VY-H41


AEQ

M_92F!:4L$99#;BE^7J2YC5.2C9-HN

M&KM[YRX*BXL8[*7EU4]Y==V^
T6^.V\8
24LSY-$3R7WA#@CUW1?WNIG0F'^





M8='$L-G-Q%






M:R'RVO7T


Q%U2[Z3ECPG2Q37;95AO%M
AQ*\&
!#`C_L`G1#A54FT




DR)Z!#'QR1-/N;
M

['CR%+X98M)*!E





BITF6IR0/4\)*#RM1Z#^$49CO:F9V+;_7



(JVY'[\S42';
T/
Z\8LU4[


M_$M*0*)HKB0_OU)?\=^I!(+%[[M3+4RJ1^L#NP\G)%


MBJ:^^?^HTJ?\[D\4P@J)V44]$I#)`TE70C:TEJ*KFGIW
;`!X)L%L-Y\`-]3


_'GTX5



MX(N#(0F2E&/V+7/AY^=T+5VW%7JCB'Y^X3/Y#5N



*+N1K




2


<.@JPCOWA^GX09:.O
M(5OC,31__



FG+\6E=37I5/S%QF*$`49Q.%W7RB*+KM


@
MHJ


MZ4U3A@?V;6KI%B)_+MH[91]@Z5HE61S(5+?SX8K5-3KJ@*X$D@G?G8KXX[)Q
M.%V*=)]F74-]].VJ



M
@:/EYJ?



MO=&0!V'02P(!\62+[__]IUGVYM'WIV^_!&.J$1'Y./J\5(#W0ZKR7.YM/HCV
M_%BZ'0]_6QGA=N'AWK/[WU
U[D1)\

MG:?[IRG]6Y?ZS\L;\`UV^@NUX3^_ZNFJIO^W^:_[WBLE'/[\:N`'^1O5:CO]

PXZ9
?VF;'C*.SRA*G[]7`CI3#9
M5*P

=L]A40AQ\?OZHV.V
MQHNV.^ZL')I3W*@35(U.\6
8%R_IS_)D\4&16


I:B<T]3UKLLJV[\OM\X<XPL_Z?_*=CK7J5
M+\@\F$YQ0'!*3=F+)K4IB?8@A%*!Q^G.59.3*%[JHP,+`*+P.*UL
BV





'FZ+;



M0:A%
-
_XY!M(7S)6:]N45K7M

P



M&T2


M9:F(&:]


M)+G5XDS@TUF!AN6H;_

O0SF28IJ]#R
M?I4PUWF:__&$)GJVX?;;WL#1U'[;

M

M.?+F).


^Q*0?
`7
5[8)'X20LZB?`U`%V



M]D![H#W0'AFT![&E1\ARQT_WXS`=*E

M3;2-*P$[P@\5






MW0XZQ$5Y`!U`1^/0`7``'`#'GH6


*=







\`!``!`!/2W^`\PGT

M5%0$UX!KP#7@FJV#)KMEF3IHYD@!W'QN\.&@O?=Q3M*

M7
^1Y'6*M


``
`R<94T-?<^6VY)@*52Q<`

M6B4D7'NP6H`6H(4L8P`+P*H#L



M(*





M/26-OY(LGU`'49XS46/#







86=Z.
0!&!I
%B01@=4
M`!7;

M=?/YH\MS9?)]2N*LE(/EFN$'\4J(5T*\$E`!5``50`50`50`%4`%4`%4`!5`
M!5`!5``59:/,9`;!#0`#;`10`50`1MQY#B1/[I/67IDFI(@]/,PB14_'BK^
M)*'^(M_4`:8FG.:+@IDC3]
KQ'0ZFNDFH(K345G7P`+P!+?Q\T$KH`KX$HX











JR/K`[L

__8
:6V65CZ)$I/\
M[F*`!'<+!%<7G:L!D1P#JHH1)5?*2OX\1-%^30E&2L;-U3\*47I]W#BYX02



QVL%\4MBKBE:_K`6@V
M7(`ZNP;!:8:Z@*LU@+
L.5/RH3DXV2XZ?/[7_TP8DAX
TK2-YF_X?MS1J/8
M75L8K%W
3CZ`MY
M9
_^3*9T4.?^SZFKSWA)--YFO_QGI)/)TJ/W[Y]W]3E+_ON
G83TG'S\BP


M7^18L]*CB]+)`TE76#:TEG*A#[4214OYYE
TL%&$47WVX-*?FB=BPE#]5I


AW.



_?5HQX7PK75F/AFAG2GOX^RRC




MTDT:V35;V36EE*HJLU1V*3@J656D

V&5$FW

BJ03T3_^\N__IBA_/W2_
M3_X3`VN;877]?JPA''](.\MFD^*SS7LS5#/9?R:CGU_UV*[X?YO_NN^]4L+A
*.=L<\S(#U/E*^N=QQ1A04B/1<EY93A+68HC4YJI3Y&;CU-UM0[[JE
MOY*W
J

FR9!$C$25;!:

M+'Y??W)

MDT^I*?*G&7F[^&'+;=CM;JY\$7UGMO@1[B)_F9]?V=8/)WJJ\PNU





&B8\6HB3=PD*\RC.VUA*2NR31(`0`$CB)!!QX
M`C78@SE%ML^#1]5G#]66X0DE34`O_!I2KAHJ3R&)ME=U9RP2V657*WA]_/YM







HW]3^'9%%T-O6'[#OSQ/7=N&PIXY#^P`HF1^N/F$-T
M\44_@G]0ZJ

N+_-*+DZ$R\?-@'
X+

MX$-@3

_LS&4HC3
M97;XE7[AX8E^XD=/?[&_+8SUJDO!`QG[7\




M.+/
O


M+PM9O;`%VQ5-`!@%)93B?(98)2L@G+U5^K/4ST*?4U=[Q!83[]AG]*OOE-_8
MEQ=-6=YM]FAYIWRB+L(H#-XI'3IK$;OK^YBU*^$W?L=OV$W2*9
/.4QQ)ZB&

D;4&+)3C9VS5RO2;W27S(^X++]Z<*3TK

%?S0$U


M]FG)H4G]
GO(Z+NQ2:-NVYG=J.@W/P9YLD'M.F=VM76

LIS#Z1C]^3).


4%=^C7B&3%(VO/

L@DU




1]VAG.5

#WFZ%
M
1/?HH#*^Z)V!)V?WY)

M/UI_9%&89.$E%]4]LD4]CMS_/B]\$E#H
Y.4SXL*OED@*LS)A-K+;
:J@&2K



^G55OZ7GY_[9(Q&IU[N*1DS3A%6&


U%:=U9$T+[)D$!2N[W0_Q0&TI?T4/)\BMWB





XG

5#JEPTNQ'



MRR(-M*QVA292-
6G:!KVA2F:NEUQ@I]5ET3$









77B*2D
XC@(?#0?N&8+=-%?W/P$'@(/'1='K+L
&@Q_=L:RHCCZQ/P`DZM1S
2S5O
MSY'D!35MQ:]`K%.*CQX415
0)1]XI+/@-P
/VP0\``_`8U^8@2
LZ!+P`#R:
M!@]-6`0.T`%T-`T=IF
#'H`'X+$;'JZPO#J@`^AH&CI*.+
3`3IL'DM=:R

B-1;

Y$G6DNSA=51;`J`Y
-*?8U2W0&BMSQQ
`%``)#F`<34D=$.@``@^Q;I)E8@@`?@
ML?_@QO$!;7B?`9PNFDX(1D1
`%
7G;*U):#C:_GXT2Z[KY#25XQF&3Y_$RR







M]TB9CO!=%

M0%:[H9XCK
X9`%)!

&#&'0LA&]*CT$8J:N%?9DM




M

7MQ`%:@!:@M9Z&[\`C





(T.`8!6!H



MIV?C1/;H_BJQ:\=_R@


M8`%8XD]R/:?\NB(XXP7J@#HDFL*L`6`5'7MI+=-R@:TC!7!1IFEI




NRV72/E.D(WT5A
M3-Z

M(+!



M:

U@5IR(;!+9?B?HF1S20^K
M


K6HDPN*



W(XX10

M!C0`#35'@PW3`#``#/

0I
MERX`F+#;@Y;5TDT$LP!:@%8).7R:CAP^0`O0*B


ME\UGPSA()D1Y'259=@HW-35ZPQ-7%;@I:)$/&/4U.#5#@][R'&&A%
`#\%![
M/)CB#I*`!^AYGC06I8.?PEX`!X6]D$UA6U_`0_`0]WQH.Y%&@`&I:G(XXI
M[$0?AR``2X/!@C0ZH`*HV(X)

5\9`&K*$3J*
MPB
V3$H+!8`!8``8``:``6``&``&@`%@`!@`!H`!8``8``:`200P0Q
6\`!@
M`5@`%BP7``:`P7))!:R;SQ]=GBN3[U

/XA70KP2XI6`J`J``J


P?WK66G0%M!5;*S')

M@(M4(0=C,)H``LUQX+G``U``]`P=Z'$;37!AP)2&HP4)(\%4#%]D&@J@N+
M9VX*'I`^NK]

?18P5P44YI:3!Z=D
ZW$VU




62Q-6%[44`
M#\!#S?'@M@PX3/+C`4N2VB)

0ED[1
M%$4DW#;V%/2^O)\@EU$.4Y$S4V'








MPE7V?TN9^.D?I$!(1H(9?4A(Z
=YZ@^)X@=!
J-?4U(2$'HO^JT6OSS.DY1_




MUUWX0'XW)1G1V8BY%^2S
F2ZWQH3Z:]DLHG-_9QDEJZUN\K(8S%;WTA*IX_.4L#\

IP%!2#^LRKL

MA4&%@]!L4_PP.@L#OU8GE

M'J`?

?4GBL]()8K8?XM-3VJ6
4ES]'G-==A\&K@%<A
MI5=!/TF)GU7L5Y3`_Y7[%27X1G-37*W9LBJP6L7;T2QP*T07?M-4_(U3&89
M6_1GC%G#;,QV\(,@G?G1`?NFJZJ[W.S6^)[HILV#[8+M@NV[2H+X7;)J\D2
M.#.


MSI8;,AD+0E.H6.)'HOP^P-^QD'?GUX[2I.)TDGIDR-^@R%]1!H^S#AA[WK


!$P$?4U$6I5)F+









*G_
<3]F_4P8=?+J4HNMX,V5
M$_8]
3NR))I5KDWRY.



MC9:ON?%KEI!2MK




MM]MG%ZW:!RJSZ3S.

M

CEW/'Y


=X5F44
GW










ML'JV;2X&3XWH8
M4NH9;@\$?M?2@WIWA='7/ZG2Z/7LPL-N#A:_7&[2[WM;8




BJ%V

MN+3N-*?ZF9(4FJ=/I29^*MM]O=_MJT;;=`9]S[




KITL=]S

M-QLU@0?A=]X$:D:GTQ[8+N51W37I-&KZTL?H#OK]0Q-HW.8$_@]_G;V'T]M1
MG^N.M4G=YW9/

M?;W3\?2!W7/:=H\N(2GO+`3::[=W[1IKKJ52LW.S`MV.GET7J&L[O5Y[P/9$

MO8LHWM!YJ&I31(9YD.+$FLY*K]\Q7(

M?NTLFTV*-V&Y%



MZIWC]56]VU$ULVWW^XN%&Y6FMU&=8TV([JT)\3`;=DR=0KCC=2@-#GI&K]/7
MW(40#:UK[Q2B+L3#DD*(G\/LCT%*,]XIG[&7K8
9QVM]?N4+-L.&JOSS+!





MN1_155T:QED8'
IN/5`V4.^VS:YA=ZQ!U^ZV!]I@F=XX&.A;)9_L'8TL*AB6


WQ7-X`
MREMNT_=
9V^M!D


M]-M6VS#



S#UHR%E.V.


MIC[HV8P'36K_K&[;6V;G]+O=7;L*WFTSX8&LT6M-HMON.I[6

M;R_1:+=W[GL(*T(O8!*S4\^
!9XVJJKK:AJ5WF!@]CJ4NRQS&?+G=:S]-:C-


MU+?YY9/]O#]5*:]Z-9'HST5BJ%VM;0T

M2+J6

`?Q
V+8T71)WJ6A2*H*9'QVI
M/MJ@[:D]3S
MSVEW6:E1;WG0;`YTF_?&





7W
?GJO?3B@$P]CWXCO

M.VIS3ZK63**`!#

MFD1!8E&1TM)T8AI[+S92NS44W-!K[


?;0%2LV1[KP.--1#K





..J-]FFL4@&L:DJIOSY
1W&3







M-$+\_W0:7^5+&1G70


Q^D@)+-L-;MNC^`]_]@'RQ$7%N`#/:2D9F5&
MDUKK'P+*J;AH0
FI`0U6!
MXH
0YQ#4195\(B




`8.14X



A`5!G]WBH8BJ!)
RSP

DG)@($7'K./*6



R.$\I/7;#99VVCRHAZ`8#1
BA*XK&BD?Y-5V

M&66-3;)KEN-LW!_C_


9[N
M+63C/LQZ_1&PT<NKK)+UZJ=RNF?`X?RB.`%/X(+\^)F.`#GH%DTRTKS3OYV

M8Y_'K*T%WJ80U68;$_;)
&QO$W4`6QX#\*-/JP50UKNIU6XFQTKQ+D;=5Y'M


M8N0$



E\SJR\*UDN;B9PIV':I0)K

GIA*43EJ_G\+5%`+H4X^FP?9L.









M^=:/8D&Q)DPHIQ!2%''M!)(Y%HX1X;2O8(%4V[&PL^3_`(UD;#
H@%%^VQ
+

?I(2


GGNWPH/`

M!)$=.!@7F73


M

M4B#42P@+&=84PE=!/0XV%F@X(RIH8-9^@6G4)_'8(68D]:B0`TBW)1B(^_
M$[C8


M+XH7/S_
4][1O;DUI


MY_G!BZ_85




MBH.4(AI'(@S9V!8XS^]^]0OAN&8O:86

M(E9+IZS9-'\XG2;K(#Y+!Y7MBCC?KEANTWRW2!;YCN8`UR^^9%O]@*'&B_N;

Z?NKHM%.7
M4EI+D79!66D=XT26U1&8!E

MV/J'O@^?[S'U?$?Q@=7#
+^W@
M)@;*741B@',P4TXKC<LZ/8UBI:R&,;V=E1Z960-8'*51#L&.V\$UE$XBAG7


M/@
;2S?][N+B!Z[,\SQ)<IIK2TCT$1#OF9<&.\J0
M]%%37795B-15;

82TZ!**#:J.3Y(+-#
Q#ZNGFOT<(='X-/4'LN(








RR\3CG&X\








'ZS3/N%6:H&'.WG!&!L.FU#A?<\\XPT<O








P]7E+_
P01M;A4U'$)?6\)]K.2
M=+0YNP*#-P#?YR`,,/-+!:]WR3K88CO2;9'QHB7`3`&]A0)$CWNB1^_\*NV8
MM65Y:R0@[65J'0![
4

MD5

RKLYNMZ4G
7HFR`!95(.TRO-(+U*
.VRUI=
.$F2.JC%+!

MU('=+!B19!924_

@/+1&[30S_^IAZRY\NF$=4!H\P
M&F9V2SD38H3DF=BR0F&&];!(YL7_!RN@74A,.2/!`&E@`?/`_B@`4FC*LH



MR_F.;OYAWN0.]T`X`WX
9UZ5R1D?D'?;=;\8D-=V*L
8R2XXP:#X4:BA+II]

M\-G*AJ


\
1(
:-
X]N.8Z_'E\/J!BR++6&*O@)HPJ-
Q,\B:/HP0SH@C:O5M6(E09F<N29XV\+9CD<VJ6=83%3J



M@J\(?(UVVN0NB9/)'SCIDD1'8KUA.=:T@_O^UR3+?JA=6U&FXH6?P&6L)T@6



*_Y
0_XVG5[Z_
][]?_7!-UUGF



MBMW4JV4Z0U




M;G'C&\SY!G


M5D&&S5&\D-F'8!GF2PZ;?-`Q5_E#%


IN@B12HUA/HT=J94KI.*O
M9^=.2+@6,O1EYUSW`9Q1^B,.O!-[-'XOC`BMDKU!O'*S#O
J)?BD=(9KDNU
M!;'M5


MLGQWC;^[D]Y[=B(*J%39B&]V?2)V?7_29E2;3H3!8Q^*;Y@?VVG?7Y?8::=U

M-$/SHIA[L(#C;'FY6F-1EI9KJB9FOEB0\`(

&92_
.]33#AV/L1NS
MAHWSXJBT'%':EJ3VEMVGD[+ZFF:MO-D`Y:@#B?3`]50M7S
/@5_E;0M`WG.2

M4NS0%6^OM7]*@Z(S&H


GY:_W

ZDE-L


M=LBTR6LAB7*^Z!+BL6JCD'Z
8@M*E['@$3'KA9OQ#'YO9;`7JO\KB(/_Y$!Y
M7



JSI3#RW?U(N#UUE[T




RQ!1-(-TAQ#1X8EJR*FB5RKB2T&&(I*E#
:0]58N66M[&/8RR
MF2K]_[V]DQ`%UE'5B2G;O
P;DF)K1K6RQ#&$-B$W^A$KNW^*`Q/([R=0M%3;





JRH8
K=RW%5AW+

M!V?8V#$?(::M6I)L29JJ\*[HRF*55M!=TK%MY(BD^X0E;!!3!G&R2UP`)[8&
ML8FM*9):PCY![F9B1'ELGDW`A=J:[`JB:`F\K
B&IMJB4*463+YC_HEXQ$;C

X=@%_GA5E=M/C

0*_MN

PE-N!I3;


MW&?[(JZILBR;LR+QAV51=C0CC=X:^J]F1R)L+?


R^K05L&/'](]*X@&#

6*&`[%$4^
M/.?A.8?DH0ZUKD8/P2@M[!Y;CT^?[M[G[(WL=N.^.?(SD6#?W'MDSI_%:5&:

8&
M9%WK]1`:9J:[ZN_7D]-85=VSE:R*[VE720\C%C@JA`AZM23&9NXWC.LW$M


*$23K52

$X5@R)
3J^
5\!TZ@`A\SZ@?$09X+\VB-


AZ&
MVO$%!L_#1L[9CV#H#K]-3932;K;#Q740*O4.

MTC0NU]/_F8`/

1E






M7^=UWL7Q$:?BLDX!N
2:-J[YHX?\[V5=TY6O?D^#K_S9V-F#A_IX2$WO(3QM
P:E)YM5X1?#$`
MK)A5<


9&EN<I+FDV7UC57=D1)C-T0<C%DFW`#<1U$[)2%I;'+G3W1H


M:W\H$\#.A/P6[2U=KH;((2@@
.$#4:O0
S''2@WY@M2@&


Q#/)L'-]'\?#TLV8^!?C

G'(F7`J:`:4[-/J\[AP$!
EA#T



M_\[5
%/UHMJF#^)MG]OZP5-Y[F0::CMXU`XNT\P)]WR)\V'2C?H3-ABSZ*]S

\.;^Z0'E+M3XV'FQJ0GKSF9
M`[MN+CT[.%8+\'G

YI+4N/';JW[-
[8.ZVR5S)H2U*[8Z`EI6\DY6\MZ9NU&M

MI)4X*W%6XJS$68G[
23N1$)]CRHL]TPT-E'L$UG9W
(RW:W2W(2RA0%O'BM&

MVFBGWLD'GW3\:;A=Z*EN




MT3*B943+B)81+2-:1K2
:!G1
N*I






;R\D^4Q?OCJ[-ZY\%W'(%$]OI5_W8Q_@VSCO#K-/HY&:536+5$_(HV]N+
MNR8<F63I&Z.VX_==9,-XBBQN;F3?H@^@57G')-Y5]3O)G\\%^N9/'_6@8



M(
_N\NCAY\YYVHG23GP+2CLT#XW+0'='Z3#.!U$^_-[)DV*\R`$]CO





M=WDV&L`
]]-R20=Q;WIB^2WI#E_3SZ*^DG45J^$!I9%_D0EWV:18?-H


MG

1M^/T&:B^@A5#8_'D97V\NLU7IR]N++/\:WP';06NNO\:]I+AO\%XQ
$H(<;R2H4
.&G(ZT'A7?0\
M6%_`7$.PRRYOS]

^

1(


@SJ*21D


MN
0-&'

#`;_D
MX$
&WP8F0M%$'H
\<=

L$=7&&`M&^3W692:54BSOZ-ZU8LC82IY



$X?4LZ6MGP08(.Z`G-HT*)U0!923P

(-\E6?_CKN`ZB0B=/FIG]R-]P^W*H+C^0%!






M.Y5NM+!'Y7

M@JM'Y]J2CB3/Q'R:0)/%)BP0X&#I5L^OOYE955@(D$VR01)DUX3';I)8JK(R
MG\K
RB6)?G=H9_Q`##'T+-M8-[0`'M3H0E@^32=;?:/YGF/\)$`\WE47T4


M/US!5#$*



]_3*X^O:B858D*



ZP97
MC0NQU(8R=K8&-MVM
M]N9F.!S?_-C0@

;`0L#^`*(;

(G2

\L0:9_$UQ2[)$&];ET8%OB[?B`K#O@MQSWY^%/$0LN?%G[7?'
MBV'

MDFS:35(N!?
9;/
%SS%%#OU\\R-/AQ5)JT1_O




6TIWPE3Q7JZYJ0%7[.2MK+2U:<<2O_%9UGH&:!Y;=EDMH]7080@S5`&#D
MY
^P``$_).'N0-=_A`ON*9H;GC1W(M010#
/N4E8#EBUU75`N40.*1\UJ9M@

FE(5\T-G8R5\)&QB-'U;V9L
$_GA:O`T/)U.67W
X^Y5&$GB)--X4JJ+WAI4

M&)M?RF


`GYQT(*=(+;U&CNB&08*R_7I;CT-YG2FX5

[E3LR']DV\$J\)
G3B[+=V`^Z_(J!*P/$I1CF;\)S

O(

MWB!M090C/

5.:)IBLO`J8N8I&@F!3L8SN@3
M+AJP1%1V!G7^X2?[



MD4H

M?%D2H\4J284`LPJLU=(/\F=#R/#P7SG=145*F`EBM^(2PJT?;I+4`?OA3#

(@ESY$;

M
G9B%:MSQ^PJ


V)PB+NYX








M6[/:P9/QQZU'^V33B![]2D9/G15.-6CXHZ*86^+Y$*`EB97
2@
'.`1.T)-G

IKXOK!#^\X*Y,]SRY.5T0HA1
MD_0)GF\7059L^5Q-!=2:1JE!)N`H?_PI:*IE2%J@]IV8)`\H#U

M*K
G2HTPLZ3<3DV

M(&QZ(E*B2#]!/D2(Z0*-A#2%R@X1)C,`=3,IP$YWH/O@IBO#3ECOG'_![X9
M]ZN\5XQL/Z0OTN.18\(%N2$XE



M84FSD09ZF!P-I`
$^]/-

MS#)A`?F0OD8&XX&G265!A-B5\;B_NR`!4@T)&=](TO%QQY$(#T#_RGUL8Y`!
MXRL=QMCVEARS.4TE7J%(WVI5=



MY%03&`'*H^



62ME(2ACK'5)2^`-E&\IG[TM3V(/'B(4RL;
MC4'.03FI&1\01G#AP8['PV$:\
&4&_H(BOQ;Q%)YC&2ZPJ
Z7J24^^2`*2
M?G38[9AP7PIVQ@$[2Y:CYW.DDP\68WF.Z^X8Z;MB`Q3A0BPC8
A(/

M2NW0]X1'(W'84B0#MKX2ATUIR


M*8_DQ$Y)3WCD248PE1GCSD@[*OZ*2S8+[
=:'H')H$?._.@/7?+BY+`4ZX!9

V1RA
$8:%@+C=GEM..7Y\SY
.*/1

=(N7S+E&LKIE3X*Q^E2I#Y/&

SC6=
M+63(AQER%@A3\I9:(B(M)?-ND37!X\&3Y$2D'*P)6X;R846FRSYZ;6!Y0ZHL


WL@D-J5
MF9Q?ORRN7J0T-'@]7X&V&)#/=:5&7L]^I_EW+$3M.=4


M2I.4;48G]?$3!8ARX48KPX'
1)A711:!$A%1N3VSQ53R3!(W_$S#WP(4!/

MX)]SVGLFS)$BY\CG%@`T!!ZO


6


J%9%L`PUM$6-U5LHT\(-O8
)-


M_%[W?+6F@'

MDVQ0H2/[.1E

MAH


`S@3^
M

MXP)N%F15%U[C.AL?`MLEF_*MA@@
U+@@Z4Z:`8HX72'M-9Q`6K%&
@I64=08


PR*4<BBW7).`PEI?DS`^)1J#'U
M5:&%0#S






'4HV3^Y@$



A7WP_E.B5+:QF

&6(N%JRAF.K4
M.!23EF5N$C?NW`G`2I_9(E9X[3HJ4TR'P[P
DHR]D-X!&M;

KRS;'L]
?^T,H3_363V^2ZF@E$RE<*_)I[J@YCQ3
M*NCA\
K?E#Z55F/.5$)+RWH72
.S^3)Y4)2*(H




F*)
H^%BED\T)






Y(BKV0YQL

$E6FQ+3`XG`0OI5N*:_M)_Y@+VM*'F-
Q
&&<&6RMH1-E/<+9[JU)^/DA@@;ENO`'&=
7O`

MV&SOBERNL\B-QCQ-3?;?2!(.*!\T7LJ+DF1M++6`N?*\L9LCVXTDCW6$$Y_2


Q4EIC-TC


C;
M.]WPVC4U+7^\=QSTKBM'?RR:#C


M_UPD/7_3AA0B
(EHEP/CVL4CZ94




M7E*-U
V\E1AKCM^+3J/4UR9E$:&);!ZK
(WXKB++HLK638$ODL&ICID?WT7S



PL@N0OJD`
8_=^N3'


X-5ZP*;@D3W
M

96XJ;$38G;D<2MF(:@


$[_IGZQ\PS34VD5*K3V0TA
*^0K'



Z&_A*I5
)HQ+&DZGC)XN.?AW26(%6
M;A9(5R

MUCI-Q.3E@&+M%!H%A




M]G



);1W4MJ3`!8T6/9=
M]`0AN<<W-;`IQ-*?81UF:B;!9VA3,R&^5Z<7WVI]U\W39',/ON?;J:UW'Z(N
MXO;25.&

M1$PGS(#XUHYQ^?Y'F1X2V)$#



M&@S=:B







M7J\&M2.2C8
V/`(]#@XY
**


M(#FG0]V2W







M^`:[=@8

CX(@)SVL8WR&.4XA2QOAH:&_
MYY^%O3%S3T
OTH8GTB*\L3(/O1=+M79^+

4RE[A$R?^_QH@Y/VTC&[^!

M*=]Q$-





MB%C#7X!Q#)FP
:E1A9)AZ-79P?#0`PH:$ZQ

M@R1`_X3




85,KTN5C3
M)Z=H);Q:=VOG_3KRYLZ`2\Z50=@S)X`R16(]\U'(9ZH\RH?[04,JA)1U12CQ
M)-Y)Q\[_B?%T0^2,.*2),NY177N%N!(``LP*[0V?^8XG?_5-0WS9\I3?#ZW

MW@`M932

MAWLP@;O
R1YI
I0B%%/006:A
]G!F+_M.O(V^/XGN`
U=;@].31TV0/%2F:/


-Q
MQ%*D27$;HF32E$8119P.P=L!UY:\(!PNT_
98-H#F5K

M17XJY\'$#/A/[.-/V3CS8AD%P9
%QA/::Q*VG;\_B6/@?E-OEB26
G*.9Q(W


MM:1!'`I+V/




+^C2.











M[_.'R?!J:7DBJ/



03&!





M?T`.21!%



M'D3F'NY`ATAD?V
(W\BCSR
M(TG

M






MO8OG/KQZ=9USOJ[U%/P


FVV\L(0'
M+?H3307R_5'K/.6=Q\ZP@K=-_O0-H(_0@;F&O&L)Z:9PNGEYUA%#)NPL0H




M;ZMIL;MY



$9*6U@9W!(?FFZ'FU6L:7#&7.-'(

M0/SASO:P2&AH/R1G%*YP?&?O@1%'T]L?+X:59)33L^R$U5K0ZSU+CBAQX1BN
MDV=O5A6O6GE:VXV)`%A;(WKTUYT[]H/MN.27P.=(U*
(_[MUFW290*G/0P

6R-WQ`'4
MT,TXSQMI(I$0(>3G-X)J2GHT7*K9-M8

M46(!G-8



MFZ!/+F-1$1B@AG?VX:&3N?TSZY
@%
%Q!!A:)J
RXLC!

MY7UA2X:?G)![9F1KGLQD^#AVF5(C&\P.?
YXCHE$&LK!=&E]V2(9%;<V?NCN0_LRFOK?8^







`

OPX8P/4G.)TD9Y'4
-[^0
M/]()TI?DAK!MP:;8B?(MU77!I$I2*+D&QBO;QH'
793LE+%F9U@EQ
V4NN$#

%3\*\CUP/6GW_[V/_]/T_Z:N7^8-C\9

-G-O_E9H2#_[_FO[Z.;C1G]LL-=G=^.^XV
MQTUST-+'^F@X&9@]R[+:EFD
QZV.V;8Z-W];0Z@LD'RE_CX?V*/VV5_:WD8@


9&-1C.\0@W-PH\9+?






KENE/FK;GO
7(X
MYU`Z9

M/:XI:\/A^`=Z[I*MMXY-._PF*994\Y?'-B91=5@(*[-O4
_BVHINSLDK(2W'

M;5LB9^[046O)^:DWRW1(S3*DD&K&K:ID/)E\+^2V'*=E(Z.PZ]AB+33J&2]C


M=L?;4R4OI]!NFF)B@Z[=*MT0.4^%\.M0+-(H$]3TB:TPQOZ+AU534+'RXU4C

M7?,I'NO,-!K)IS!]GU@KQ:-@N:_BT&B\ZTXL4I*%O9C_Z/V`0.,M/^-G2DE
M5=)'[I7^C-2&W_[$WX07_.EY,VR%?(PNQ

MI4+.AU433=SL5!N;ELU2K:62RJDO.!)LQ&!6V

MJ77J:OT5%5/

MPB)]D@]I_R4M#BNRHM0Z&8\_A\(H\).ZSW)?3MKR;-$6+]8ERS\68F+[:]I+
MXML;H[H-H!FR
*]5`'4G9=J-C)ZIX=SIOD]Q$




MO55UY


&`$#Y8O^6/1R$8''

1Q^IFOC#<;UPG#$(2V_6F8^TVY!U?!Q
B4KR%-[001P0JNLZSX+
+X8EXJ?LOI-




(&R$8Y%,YD'S&T&MG5).-V6==NLE`QR]T^VWQ/.1$_UATI%;\W+2P<

M&2LB13[G&


D^6

=$MXMG!G(9:7[0<:FWX9%^<4X.?WVH59&R(G<F6EW
M#Z,6WE9X*C]&E7U[=P7R4P[NSG0&]K'U5ZU(4XY1-R
L7M/*`J[G8H'#^2G





TF952W2=5EM94)6)\MY^)VEE8Q
M??Z5B\-1XF5JI

M/)\8GUS-K


M&CK)M

MGW6^]L.

K+DQ49
M-L!JI






25/519$Y2J7'=@Z@IF`&MQXF3!AS];K8[F



^'P





&KVU&%L50QF=T/K%YK

M]F&4HU0_N.CJ


R
M_!2G%SNQ8'[AC^6V!R'9ARVV:#8]F'P.G]K9(Z-Z.

+_Y0??-%[A
M;BR#&C`
PU\Q;WN(LFA`E2Z%:'T;YIMTEL_Q[J6=;U\

M(/BM70%)T+8T\CNOF%$W-R5G%RMGUO7+V9IBLI;UR..X=DK.7


C8/CMD2%(AKEHN:4]`QR-`QPO-C35W@08.1G(#L[:S9+9

MF2+3=$W#/+Z\U84#%.`HP%&`HQ2;NN/
A20@'Y.$O]O!-\9#-$(VC0
*@SF&
M+^KBTNHZ58E179;ZV+NRVGRO61R.H


M:Z
RZ\THD6M5F@!_M3KMQ8EYJV%U*]MAZ\*
RHE3HRWQXD3B3;M;[$[\0DYY



MS%UT+0)?/]F^8(7TXD2BJ0X4:B\/EZM$7IPXP`[144GEE3A(3]D#OKYG[5Q-
M!)H_$SEZ@HK3UV/1F6VC





E2DJ4D*[=O6:HXU%%5


M4FW(E(PI&5
%7&/SXIENAZJ*\




5




RBQ3NCNPMOYCEB]XOW
M

M[

&*`1GP.]#UZ^L@,;?Z!'
M:/,$@QP/'K2$GWQ/887BH.QPGH=6`'*?1AJ]A)4_$B;Q4P#51]D
P`A=1Z0
M^T
427ERH3W:H58TU_9[MS`DA(5!QL&




_P$36QY.IY`$K0PH$/Y'8*?Z;K\T_
=
^9L3D+$-4C


HK%A$?A[Q$!]`P(OG`(`
M''C-3V`QSIPPIR[.&()0MXQ()A]S]!QI*'-!Q8I@@3@DQ/Y@02E='ADO-XQ


BK3@FA(+X9FDU



[@P$U!
).9Z&IY0L:8=W,R1T@+,
M@^]2IUE*_L2_^[UBS]JXJ(/`FC[7HBJ*&KY/FE%*Q]
!8YPGV9;9Z`Q]Q@
M8#R#NZ8!_IYI/EW



B&OG)*6H\0TF@


@T*J.PBC^$2^8_`*^A<3DN(X<H




*8-H\#$@^8^C0.0X$?A
Y9
MBMTQUW\$&?
2





MR=!VV3.[SGZ0GMDMX%53#E+YF2R!0Z?`3.*(GD^-PEZS27MX'[*1YJ#RPY6-


=W55DDS7S/V2E#






+Z?C/A(?M[I+/
MU[O*%?$J5?:K/4G:)W2X:5G5A@Y[5UKL6:&
*O9\42CS`B7X?'!D=:LXL:\9

M-RR!NA9@3W'Z?C;&.E[Y/(,,AQDJ'8NR1YJ;@R&XZ[
X(V2B*%*91;!+7M







Q$QB.!!]A*[#YGN00-GCO$




[]J4ZP1R




G30WX?C1OGG^



G?L

MHXIR/35R

MS9$684


MVG'(Q)

M9YX6#);-%Z[E2D:^.4B[05EK]7')JZ2M[W/.M*&DIM6)4C%72E=$55T;7B


MUC$VK9YJD7=4)?*Z=$4
%/5XQ==CR-7EB4^WF#9VH/C498DOP\7S.O:9BY.'

M
_]KMUTN2





M:?G0JACN$-+5WHU8'4X]QW$7`5J1D-UNWM](.BRU*%

T9+%;M4.*-P
M1N'

MDZBD04F#DH9KDP;EO=Y

M
/C:[9P+$K[+W;BN1\2J:Z2@)$M)EI(L)5G7ZYNKDF1]$


BJY_F0#RQ#-=3SV
M=L$(&@U3_\LZRQIMX-DJ*?E/ILT8AC##BV=:M+`CS8\#[=
C-O5KZDJD^#
MP/XO?&%[&HX#!GFO^2L6V-BS
-1F#M6%TI:
1?`(IDWA;?!&6XM\[0X^NG88
M.G




M\

[H8
MU17S?-47
P[.M]4V\;G*KF

MVZM_RQ=D9M*'H?W[F__OH3^UA[YKC_$]`+

IL


1IR4


1AJ&D!


M


M!?@9S









X74(


Q-A0HC&I



M;^F#0@5NR\@*U:D(4H
ET(^V!

1K+W@
]\KJ&]
M0ZN
CT[6O$QU9\MH:*65'`^9?$-[9`$[?A%DLN-4%60P/G6]PKK'[1?6/6ZV





I9XQ5J!0AJ%--6U
MU*O[VBND44BCD.8\2


M%R2`E[N-79%H]8[?M4V)EA*M5RA:RL&M1$R)F!*QFHF8.D.29TBG

(N3J0L
M776/5PY`Y0!





@-S

WQFV@_

K
ZDU^_WFTVS.6RVN_IX

/IDTN[W!L-!
MR^JT!]:@TYWHG#!]LS=N%AJ%'TP1_/Y]&
+HWWLIKO3AFR6;X8\;8'7CR`V]

_!9/5B3P)_^9D],%B

M7O[.@1W*F?(GI733YD`X35!NJ^ITG@G0?1]CT//B$!X-:H0&.HL&.I^G34%_


M@;T


_&79N6D@Q9X8
N((E

M`W

ML(7
G6E&P.%;%
Q$OLMD$18T8MZ
X
^`:KH9%/0;+A^B.6]HQD

'BX8BPA(5@$C_F;?5\P+&<<_
M'X@3(*SA1?@%F.93KI/D?FL`V\!M

NF+ZG(:<:L5&L-?4R%RGEEM<6)47?
M0\X_0ARV:0#:HQUJ18_FD1:CV];@
2Y\6
/J5#MZ
`V7.\73R(&7<CV.\!NB710_+5_L[


/





M

M0\LMJR;^##_9#JIU?WAX!
=F1(SC+D&6[




MU\WKHN7!`MWI-



M&^U.3^\
AU+\N_UQP8YL6M=.W8-QP&RW#+-C3G0+-G5C`H:@WDV0M%E$4JO;


K:D54@_/I/-

M

PYS`_4V4./H]!L\)3@P

?FM82ENKNXFV6PFQA8+E1ZGC[R+D

Z7@N_@DO^(*9B[;[E5(?R7Z3ZD2!Z'HM5*ONN-L=]?J6`=:6

SY3WZY:54ZWLZY1/4R*MMGKC?OM$1H53=
:C:Q!LD:]
C[F#0,Y-E,X=&
M8=D,O3:K1F3HS_Z,N09^0;M0O]L<-=O#_FALCO5VVVRVS1L=&(VBT3?CG#K


MV6IVW;5,SO4VB6NA
NB'J=7K=E]:SFQ&KV6A8(XE`Z`5IZLYBWN!_#I12I

M8#[





`.*+PO'`/ZH-\
M#$?Z8-0!.[\/ZI<Q3J+4!T9K0UV]@L(O4Z;\Y)ZJ\2

M'O6-KM7I33I&;PA;SZC5M?1!$D77S76TN



:--Y[G:-5A[H=V%/5UO3XQ^KP46
M9#OU$#3+]W/=R@435T)#'$#YT$X$+2
#D0DCR.$0M!$\7.!/WP[VR&FE/F


MA@`\PIL8X(]`/^T!1C*-@NBYO,/(7&I+CFI+3DG3H;O,L(3K5B?T/5AF:
M._@)VZ($U'C&UA9\.9(*TN'66EOL)







MNLKEDJUVJ%8Y?6K`1.6[9;'Q\0NI4CT1UNW*(U#!:/:JHD



MH1R!-5&;%%+OCM27!
J;LQ:DW7_W(=D^LWER7@GB$(.':T:]V.\?)Z5<#;BO7]2H+L-F5:C4/
MPFG4K.G
KHN

*+.G


M[X1ILZ]%[BI0T


2^.DL6:A_8H_;9




(

[1%/.%A_\B*4
;Q2=


YN;U@_G5H`0R#[X+

@V</WIM[_]S__3M+\^^S2@YHX/I-_^`#K


.E:@I4=N;3M46)[IV$5/.P*
6


M6@3W!#F35U*5^[2JS75IC
5ZWI&JR6ZF6LV#<<JI


@9ND1ZN62KG;(

MG5Q?





6KN.QMPN^AQNF_I?
^O9@
M\CF@:^



&YT


N
M_`JD&[C^]-O?_N?_:=I?\8')!O-QWJ<2R7UOEBF\]G?8Q9^\





M(S9ERSL09LMH:+C8VAMX#E#)Q??]N+T\W[8U*MO4
NLV9:@E[;+Z.8#7Y5

M;P9/H
_95WNX/&[.YC;T[*:PU\:\!]\N[0!$D@_2CB-??L$=2_2-V(EU((XP


4[]03?`B



2^Z@V@9
G[)$




M*B/!@O`';1[8WG3AA$RC48:\S#.6'9P[GA






T+#C[4AG]I*E60?U5)[]0TX
ME`@K$5:;\S5NSD=1T'


MCWY7(E5/DV


+DLM4CAS]3ACM%2Q2X4SF<4SAR[J*Y*


:ES_77!_GPX*E-F-WJJ;NR0.#K]W.N2#A




?[?]]YG]L#@$@VOA2=_
9;CQ;3(?]-OK0[-I8+Q
M[C9W\:@/OC?C73%!@
:\8/-G!O2$K^(`7@`L^GZYLIU@R;QH$T6
`D6L+*OV
N-G4
M._W!2!^

M^RRKC='EO]J.MZ\(ZT:S/3'Z(ZL[ZG3@WV;/D-KL:-`:;!+A'33`PLBJFM#V
M11N
.GUSV)YT]/[`M
#2&$Y:H)I

4X/+
A9B
M9;;;T)_:0]^UQ_X8!4X(0MA6$43+4NT2:?='(U;PYX^[+8GUFC8E_MSV];



MUAJ


.2:RAOIP

P03T4VN=*NWVLR1YX0Q.3)]GA`PT=6O8GW0'
MW=:H
^H548=H$^K/6BWC5Z[P#4MZ\KH4]0@\RD&Q-4&T?&9#(9FT9[V`'(

M[)FSO3Y8C


!J

_%V0\FOGXF=)

M?K4K]


[0`.
U

QY
^NL+


M'8`%UA




(Y\`1K3IY%*`7T*;\)\

MX/Z7;VC`\'Y15LS-LG)DFNFY

FNZ
1F6)9$9G


-FQVJUN]:@

@




M6AUSAZ*



4JZ[.OA(])7I*]/80/4N)


&R'I=IZ

MM-E6%D$5?L




W1X*[S42Z!%0[UM%$D2IU88/3FJK5B-#K5<44

MU8M^=6$R!5$G=(5?KY:4\7C_%&%;W-+K
W_31=J4N:Y@A%]N]!OZ#!28RL_E
M20%-X)7LQ+XZ2Q9J']BC]ME?VM[/VJ89ECGC'YU9M'AG[



7=]5%M8\%2F[&[*-/FG@/3TH[B`
#-




N.2H[#;46MP!3:.+!/O796\JGS)#!$N
M(A^R75ESZ+JLX[$=EFKK41AP51C0KPBJ2[+J!`08"@'T@0&`0@%`*\8
M`8Y01ZXNZZFP0&&!PH(])FWNG@OS6C#@F/$)%^]/[#_8CHLYSV_G?O`VM%UV
MF&MQ]SBG*CW:+PAPJL#_UM`[U24$77OW#75<=(H@PJL1+M.HS*Y5HJ5$2XE6
M9M\R*CLW4J)5']$Z9N(]WE:#2FVO4%B/T2-`6UMA%;MA^<7
:/1U)4==U1O

M7DG6F

MU)5-B:

M


.T5
M%BDLJ@_]ZL)[HM.ZE'?3!?E.%<052_ZU87)%$2=T-M]O5I2QJG]4X1=<4NO


MTLYN\^LK)-P!=$INZR_]V(M+6K@(4
[H\63'.6P-J1YL\UE]W;KOND
6_N


M_-#!9!/-]F;P@'O*/!'?^EY(7]MNZ&M3.UP@55P;7F6[VH*Y
\T/M)5K3]E



`0$3FQH*&$D1SL(?\EZ.&O/ZO







M3&ZTV'

!0;[




M5M


U&
MV3Z;V:G9M
R);O1
V'T
?=@!)5CN.O#4;6%2
I;TMN[QF`WMOM#2:CMMGI
MC*UFM]5






M+HB]E!=T#_=5NS_06];0'`V;$[
[Z@R&DU2OUPO'

/I@





UY3)E







6'3AFO%?_HQ^Y
NV-:P*;

M`$18*=M.VH`_:6_@2O;=B?@C?Y0#$J.V77S`T@\CS9X]V%YDWS
_#K6E'7R#

D8LWJ.Q8]



IT)TL:JVO_%/N(B85-(F#*E




MD`M;I
-(&$QP.NQ


M?(&I%_D!.7S_N/URJXT8M4/%Y://7P.R1Y[DI


M\!^]S7=E#C+EC879;J`*\.\



MZ/JC\`7N?)LR9*-=@CIR'D1=/L4A39$^9]_L(4NXR;LC?X4/SC@=]W+][A&.
M`HL`)BX?I!U'OOPBH&'1-Z('NPZTN:
#^K=36$U[%;)W\H\LA?!1&YS'B9_2
MU'




P3MZ7ROMH3GB?;;3U`WH(GU

MMV-232:8A;MEDNTAKR]V

M41AP71A@*`Q0&*`PX#5C0%
A@$(`A0O&`$R):`4%B@L4%CPBK'`;N+H`J_





O3%




M6U=^Z&`FBF9[
WC`/:6EB&]]+Z2O;3?TM:D=+I`JK@VOLEUMP=R9Y@?:RK6G


M61Z


M/!Z?4W%8@\(QA6
*Q\X%A/;;1_V&[
Z@AEOS
[C`



MXY*CL-M1:W`%-HXL$^]=E;RJ?
D


2=:8RBU]M;FE%<0\M#M*WI2\*7F[
XWFD9HI%ZCW+MI<00&@TS$YUY\.'4JPNO'-N[5\=
Y#Q6KF.%<PKG%,Y=.<Z=(:&U
M]ARD\$[AG<*[Z\2[-X9Y?L5.Q48I&%0PJ&#P?##855Z\\R9VYZAF;A?1P_.[
MZT)CGL+MIB%2Q^&^9^AX81OMD1!M,Y$N`;B.A%M%HM2%TYKC%8C0:]7V5((
M=/4(=+23`85!H/J0[^Z\)[H'-X[146*2RJ#_WJPGL*BT[J4=]
%^4X5Q!5


M[


MA0SNCQ9


M:U

M#N.#MQ96:C\*B6

T


M4._QXP!`1.;&@H821'.PA_R7H\:VQ5L#B:[$B(ILIU\#/T15#UCMOS!S5+9B

MCZ1]`E
M!`UR!B]YP:K2/'9EIA&;LN4=S)C-QJ(^\6T(=0D@APJKG`J(M^
MR$-&O9UY]V!
VFFJY






N#S'*?U0-.FVTMG?='3IA

X`YP8DH.`T(#N&KJK%QXU#WST-/@



M%
8+:%ENQ)4JO


MZN)C+[P
1#EYC`I#96O


MITQE294*XDX1
7^5
IOQ?U1:DJ$&0G>EVD6]SG25(VPS-3&PSY;AYN'#EB8
M\8(M6;3P9\)#QHZB/%1*YWII%8:N#3EZSF_6O'R+*'7)








DI#8-.*+&]3G
MMW?)(F9B'J9









M7W!]5TSM-O1P97(@/0Y6ON!TX'2J/6_X')S.UE2BS^/Z*Q_T4A-#5X4:A=I2



)TH92L$/*T%V7


P9
M2/[8^4^[BD4

M/W&BLR!=@?LH@BSE$]%0R&




2%4(!9($KG;@RA@


M`\\+'N7V
3%4.=#+$8P
M-X6\G/SWFR\W<NS)E*_E+\6GHVS/7UTHRG?7+94;[


%DTM

MK9Z4LSG#
I]^&_K&\T#WR)#(SE`#[1\.3



MN-H+.S/=RXK




J

M-1D$X2P(6

4#L


M

M!I)/N4^CO/.Z@.7+P7)!S3;W8QX6%-8Y3L^=[1$BM1


NX/K/\N8AP/@/#Y0[A;7GT_D-L@

MUG



M)N*F`JQ'UXDG;[6];'!YY/=_^+`:
$+)(7:QHTBR2\(O$930W`64;&[_?(F*




6(X*&K;%:&M]'S*


M-]$O?^%V0L^Z'%X9_`!^.!$*/R1QPKRK)A+$IR#P:$HQ'U[F-W)^
0BF4QI@
MKYFS'SD]`\&8$&PM4Q[#KVQ!G@#WHWX_%6X7E9EXNW)EXY=A:GLVTLG-@#
ME

'@0
NB@-T


MA'N.J*$3IPV'?!:0GOQ[Q3GL
*.]]V2^.'U6=_JHM-NS&F



M)+&XPN%7_L]!;*,.C)BEY.K+FVV@T6@YJ#P?'W8Y0`+ZZR`&!6[3(/@`5@
M`5CP78`8('9F$(/O`K``K`J`5?V6J$L!%JKKWHV#D%/#BIV$(??M)R46.4:/

MBFG;





RV*)+Z_LYS?7X]X5(L35=_*+1BS6+9


VNJVMM()'_




MO&)D:@;RH(`:H%8#U*JXTP:8`^:`.6`.F`/FFH*Y\NX-!M*`-!M.]+*NZWM
MTI&&&I;#4Z!D9HJ3A+E*1*@!VX:WQN?YP]#W2P+AXVQE8H=&_S7:\)':2E&


O<5.PE#[MM/2BQ2@QZ+W<O`J^UJKU9
M0*^BDN18;3;%_*J.3

NR
M`9K;;);E79N]I];.\O9L4U7KTE

%;CXA2P%%CJH*.=K/*.N`!+


*\\UR?7T_2


F?].V2;B

?N%TN<^OW-CY9/'?*4G[Y#=*?5^%%7
MV7



=##9!;0


3&N]K;SB`U:KV!E:NN('+)K(&FA;_
#_2-P'

M?C38-$!$((04:.)J(K#R1IL(V`D,!(8J=&,I)5W6TB#30-$!*JV=K`.^M&

4*4*1W_(
M8U8C;B?TB

YZIPZM`9W6;6B.H^


M)OI?L'.S@JJZ$F^KN_0\+9:#2N#X5PPU+





@9#%/UT$4YCN*
MPV_C0KUR%:BZB.3:LMZ7?QA2E@$K\&373#F2ENG!-*`-`-W@V8`^8:@SEX



Z=^J
M@

M#Q2TX;UN!Q0$@(%@8).1D'(%H&!P$!@H-,QD-:QP$%'5S/]'+-;CV]\OOS




M^XS[D7R

M(&]&#UV;M'(7A*26@-125(;R3^H/7WET3@
/S/7$`%T5^[6A!PY9O[`!GAF1



M9D(3'_T^H^#4YE\FG



S&:$3&[3TY

S6&W
MU]-&(TTS]%&[-^[


MJ]_=I[/_E)



RL`E]Y+

.PB_
6Q\!+4/WMFAD/&Q96FNHM@RC:W7TSFC4&H]
(JQ6


.1@E9J\NHY=Z=8+=G%-`BW]#76IVAWNUJ
MK4&G





?PM&/([47_X



S\1JDK+




*).F\)I&





I`(N?`AJ;[G+)#.V3=K;E5M$R9V

9K





H48M4GYP31
MQFU6HJ/
B`I]Z8D+B0?IP(
DIK9Y=L9(0N\_R7%J9B7G8*RHK_+.8D)(N(

T
W.7B+7D)6'2?NPC
M4AH`92
2-#.2_0B@][:&$G76C52TM)Y#WO7$\PK$-[+

5JZ
J]WOZ9NVBZHWJIH68I3<]85*
M\F9&Z8%:_?3

M]76C-S(MHS]0U79'

X#??



MOZ
MJ#70.T:OW]'&(Y
L6U
[IKIV0


M3U7Z&AAD6[7ZF@8K-YAI7CG1U_MFP3U2+*MN`9#O:6CE
?P6$0)F0!W:U:.)
M#EU0.QU5=?J#CM
WNUUCH#EF9['U[

I_M^T^.='<O_?7-^6X_WMU_DNR'!^?Q0;+O^]*7
M.[M[]^7N\<YY.+6;Y8,O9@;L^R*`9Y3_GAX423,P:53;H^FH3Z_2S3QF,?+W
M4I@KMN0NO3(W22+O:9[D<?+\=5T6#Z=OPI:WE;_+]N@2,@5DH._Q]G+!=\/




1P2
AYS
KY
]FS/*JS@;_+P

6JVRJ





`N-;M2NW@VVC';&SNFKPX?*'!E-

M@1?D+NAE!+4I.=SX2Q@\/Y)H2DD3*5541.*$4H@N^.


/6B2?/%^
@6H8UR+6B:VN=HE9T%,L4951<IK\+&.B3*!Y$;C<


MRAL2[!M]VY('IMG7K`ZH6J^KF0L)=CL%(DE95B]*@

?SUUHQ^49+0+V#-ZW(<J]/M
MZUVUW36=GJ)VVX.VE<L,4&BP*;..IHH!.;QTZW1]09&O]U794M6^JIMJFU#


M(1PZEA4QY-S;#PGLRLCSJ^W##HRQ^SVZT3

M[]-9(:.
8Y/=LMSGQ25_79

HJ+;1JV%U9[?1T
MI]U19$WNJ1E/J#*0#6MU_Q'
V8/^V?Z@ZYDLCQ.(H!(%FW3F43@C;B[-F/UQ



.L*+YUO$


H
^[]A*4].(@OB7OL4N0BD_+7#DCC
MNU

J5*$7]WH!TFS_^-C0H\7R055OG-06E:;

&



M(XB(B(B(B(THHKMP`
R2YK0VMRQ61#I$.D0Z1#HQD4[&/6X%$

M.

M


MEN3&4A*Y='BM

MCU)NQHGTY

J&%



Q=!-F-'_4


:6U98@0$9_).)/%DC1X16A
&#$5]
Z)_


M[
0%@%XU$YBI8HBDJN%U.CFI-K^YJ:_WLLRU]RV`


L6YQF_)&Q)YWQCYG*/




\SR[


ML*(\:&;7!-
\#8O=YL2)-Z5E9D?$17#IKT*GSO#.OV:=ZX5Q4DT0$S
D4/-V


HKGPB_J#




MXKF4F'Z

M

MB(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(B(A-1T1\(TO)9@XYQPLCU_CF`]]\H/Z@_J#^

4E=MY'Z+
M(V(`8@!BP


2@2BL-$8L0


















?)

7M!6XP]$`VPS!(



MU@^2#7.0I:@M-6$Y*R#*E93$Q=Q32;K)CNDO52JJ$]32R_0B2UY
H8!V-QJQ
M47A@/%[$6A].W.CYK9S!LUN]S$9X6G=_





;R5^1\3%[K-_(T5CS!;


NEZ9#'@7^=Z+-U

6(

'V

/B]TDK]7C6FKSL!06(:\RL\QIE!J!(5^ST%0C


MP7G\\OCE\:N?^-6/^*S/X9A'KQZL@O8GTI9_5V[+S^IH
O?!]1]]A:%]6OI=
M8_RN












SR$U




2CTA=3]\42/`IY%/(H
MU

`L;/`+B7I#C)5V26H\7J0
M?K]*AZ5;8YN4@_;!II?)]6`T/CM+\\%9GEVZ4TZWG8&:?`'L''Q)A\FL@)]9

PRV0\'61?P'J8TV+MUW)
M3G0GNOI7=_G?QB78^+#^YEO]\B_99%0_VAV$,/B0EA?9:'T/`ZVAQPMR;VL





P6^NC




S`93[+A
M'S__YW\
!O]PEQ7%S`6SQV?OL^GY9PB`=/JEK)(ON!9D_=
K[1SF%_JOS_J5


2XNH9`8C&]DH)C$/

:A%Q
M:@6W.`Y

0D)@+<*[)AQ2Y#%?(O1
]

TP$
F(&816$QE`I'/64
!KJ&*F;U#^



3Q!C21QJ@'D03
L&=XAD


M@9


1^


M[]%'NT*Q
)S)`!


M?A@%`[!P'`O.D*4Q#:)04!H82PGF-D16MNOT=+W&LY'?)Y#'8Q)DQ14PR@2)
MW!R%

W'(L)*0NP7FY!98N;ZQ1JBC
?JMRA4





M*#1Q3!A68;AHX!`8QZU.!W2+1+:QN5

V'`)K*


MMLA?F7'?)P\RL#)28/2Q4`'56E

+*[0N^9A-X/?+JTEV

(7+GE!+-S1PN`ZMYV`K82;`J
MC;MSO)#2Q[145;/P\=1\!S0%Z__D%IJY:/(X-]^=5\[&Q47U^Z-:^2C8)]/*


MXS_'0`V




X$
,
MDR)BFD<&:LP5:$D*G!<F9#0`C;;F&BN,=L[F&L6OK+\(=S28+T[PY7+:_
M35-7%%^T:F3#1($WVO2R2'9XD\






M8K2IV3-\2^XABQ8[78NC0\.(=*R)1B0


EA
?+ZD/0VB_@#7[AFNH4Z1[L/Z`*'?
HPG%D
V_?1]K8R:??:
M)N#:


`(YQ%10$R#=GD_E=QDY^B@(=+L@0A*)2%




B2RZ*CI/SZ[=!W2B3UI6D0*F?8BLB#7SH
M[T
WT&@X`*+T53)4X(22

$Z+K%\YIJJS@ZU(<0PS?+0<1RZO8:N.=63EC35;H!C^2HMS@TLFX52


45`A`Q-




FBK2$`2^8]H&N!MV2`7Q6*`*%N3X
MF-)AI2.4A^-3763UQ.8!




L

5AA/]-;N]6




/EFC(-JPH=56*X




7JZ+J/BUYB,=U^F.4*+7X\#0&
MX[U+'A:9EMLD4,-J#CN5'@C5.3P*:`8([KJ3-),J2A`)?<H+1D4J(W)<P



+?E8:K]JE\



LS^7W\1WR;

MU2IY1


MNW6]

&!.&*1S?]=3ZNLF\Y=A(OZR;IL7M6GNC_C]1

MI
OTGU4;_=M^Q*53_$HRN*!JLI9
M/)7_KRC]&JM-N

<D%H58QNM\?A)WQ^SC;0)@&21KWL]&/FTGQB:V[(L<NYT^F
M\#?_`$3A+WYXS*;@.GP8_CV-PN_S]4N_OVWMVP9+#=45M:9G0P
--PR75TZ`


MFD48MF$X6XR?/Z@E9J'T+0C[I

MGZOCR$OGVONA/7
YMZFJ/F

9[E)?/
MP!O&&A2[-/_8WAI_D;KNXPM<
XL5=!2!A#DFDSXWF(Y@9A6*?\(?.;6N[MI



MSJD9@&]*64`
R8W%*#+0OJO??AYE[P;)M]XT^S&*WU\-X8UOAM%]
OIQK0Y#

M1OD-U=


I`<^MS!#W;EN<XT%#MXT@Z^Q,RY$GV+84+N1Z.Y&LQ$
M=2$<XE]^-Z;3D;)H/?3;(9_MR:=%&2PJ(O%W^=O*'XT$R[UR=9N%
1:73
S
MA
GN^BX9@$#7.I7^'-T_O/N)6



']YY=!_'
R[D?3N_PT=SR_SJD)EFU+




C4;OE0@E"],%/%]M#:IXSD(OJ)7%)7V6






\?'\5J()@



W=S



/LDGOH0!L+UDAFV?6
MJ/?




M8Y\3O3O7_6XS'[YM6ZU_:Q

QH_
M1NF/7NVE^3J66E5O)E5'



7EO!]=G:39-_1QQBZ%A/7MS.DRC$VO

D?B(?&0


MM'

$


F

O=:/9:S2;YM!H#'H#

D4#_'8

M=`=&LU7[\L(26;4J;OTIIN@;?D0_R-39;.ROW![P\7Z8I$:7:1GOI%HRMQ.



[?4=]AJ
M309S66NVWKUICJ^;_O



M@;H#_`'^5
`?J+LBFZWE?&IP3OMDX^$HPJN+S+?ZVA1Y+E
'PBE#+&TYKBR'


B0$;40:'@5ZYE^C%#
MCLMB)_*=``6$YM(Z39=]D5S*^M:-IKRN]U#@4SP(2OLJ8#8`^E_==V;531OJ

M`&IMUE11KH$8VQ:I:1?65D17J05H04&%]*2*T-QI=I2\L
+:L0`]
+I!J8
M7DH(L;G#*V3M:PBZ^0V0'U_Z76.\ZJHASP/R25M6_&R6._$\HBS/P(3W&8



GR`DYVL0'_&_L/SB!







8KKI%
MF*VF(.`.#A


MW`&




M1_%







J!M




=6HLYYX*H4






OT.K(VBUA3H!F.*0^=$L<$+D4(J9.@?5
MTMZ(^Q]4*YQ-%


0[IX[^)X=
MT6IR=EF=V*T_Q11]PX_H!YDZX07:-
.LD-^C[[')N;D3ZXO_.X7[Q=UY#9
MARVVA+NZ?/)K\JDM9GGJX-MZE2AY`EN\7B+A#J#3\K8=BG8A/W2#V
/\WP=
MF6@?(WY#^-_89T\K19KK:)S=
W#QV#L_;7E.$1DC#I')1W3+1X:1(_Y'E-/&
M'W
Z\5F$\?0.1^*ZZ0XC'$=DBAXGOCN9#Y)$%/'G('=
7):_AX`NR*UXNG
M

9V7BB-S]+1[R
)]4B+&7S
9!


MH44%$4;JB30+\`
.*'KTV8230?PR?G[:Q


M_

[A4L_%

Q

4!











8^-CL

RA*


678



%]U#T/
D..R
MV(E\)T`!H12=W3M^F(MSJ!/JLL6[V30@#@.A6.A'/+_/EN:+`1P`#CK#(5M?

C^0^V

MT@!IU4):&ND&9.7JQ97+6?NVMHUT)O:1WB.QCU2DJZ83QK*UV9E9-PPXE9A)




MBP-\


7]:&HG7T'\V_;H<UY'N7M9'CL@^M?G\X;`X&UJ#7&79;
MG9YMF^V&90ZNVGV[T[9K7UXLWNIW/I33-$W_(A^D*FS66:NW![X(?XP2?6*
M:1GOI[^[02C,0DXR40T+UE5QE/




M*+\JX









M5^I\\X&F8N4(/W+SB\1S:#S;P#A\X2^VQ&Q:
Y8\)'7
^6
`[6A5=-"QQ*
M_;'/\3J.R%2%026A2#]D9)/X.,&8SJ[&8^R*@KZ3B(AC
%(`B

M1LXII-1UB%_**;%KH


M&%67M.K1)]?C*Z+'`)EAD1T=WJ

!
H'$TUCAG36E'6'4][Y5-

M







M;GTFC=/8IV?Z$28ABPT)ZB7(.'Y__5F0DBS9E*
+2`'D=CJM)1&\+/=Y]@+L


M0D$?6M*+Y`T2G



^^Y0/

MSMK=[O3;=G6\+S5/[^P1T

*

+MX&Q_9ES(:&[F03TOCMCS'52@\A:U51MMO0+?
])'

2IBAAQ;]CB=`;Q9SK^YG`KK7P1X89P



9KB9`
CRT
ME1D8Q`/BP60\Y!N
5AOQ@?A`?
S&M91E8*L!QTGVG61[6([KJ(DDKT%5YC






:&;5*
MH&T.KB:N=4!P(;@


M9T+Y'2
)IKYJ!S1D43]3U4JD:%!%YB+P2K:*Z#K]5`R+:1$2FB7G&R@&QA!6/U0H3

@@<!&X!5H8W
8;


M^+W7.]@IOM0XF5NJ;[:#2FO.C_GB.[8;5K.OC0QQ68Y.-%L7Q[#ZW(E4N4.5
M3*-9U*1#9@1B1)4$


MRDS1(/&$+;X*;^'&J=PWCW@B_64:A?\P)V9NSC&OB3QM*.LUMSLI=9PD2'PJ

B3GQ&-Y(\GC


M$T;I94_E[
K
$/8;K7:'P)E\^&'/BZ9G))2[I=W]2:/?Z3VJOM+'$'+!;TD/
M



[EG$
CB-HS`@
MPS``_#S


Z]:!0:9K]OSX$CX


D5YS=HT)

L#*4O]OGOS-3R]=B;

)[E:Y)?$@+NR
MK/DO6=5\-?X

!:E3\
=
M=CVA$?M?#G[/3?B%B3CRY'6O8S@)7`IN)/`$@]]^`W6



OT\-


I=/[*_



MC#2%C!0A`/T?RA
:/3RR\RQ30Y8ZXY.!(`/WGT2.V1
\14WTJL)*8:T4#[FD
ML]UHMXO?_+0J/&+0%@?:^6O*`U_MM4W=XO(J+!ZWNZ\[ZIJXZO[N#^*QE
\R


L+;4W8%$$CBU5:
^N:EPUJI7]U-9#UV91#6M;#



MC%)9-/)%Z)@B2
PJV6;+I



2=

MU3K]:M:`5;[(K?(/:/PRK#UJ)=)A?T
P3\[3WCC+%?M;N'8UK--)/^7L)YCC
ME6'A1J%RP





M\]TRR^YBA(29&'T
526PED&KI:XR%Z&%T$)H/4++ZBTJI774RFR$5O-XRUV
M5NS@U?=`ZY\U_#8:BOS#9_KAADU__F2P3Z
F
'`S!YF]A`7B(O#^VH&-3DL

'MCJE%7)5KI]IP0ZD0=@WU\+6`OL9U&U;W0+PND$=

6+(A.:-C4'394M7@1QDRB]&3BW




MKP

M$7@(O&V`IZ[O6+UQA]


M_:
0%X@+Q`5.7NCKT==&@CAKH3&15R*1DQ\8'%L*2V*KEMO)%QDF61&;Q2PH

#Z#*S/0
R9
MYE








(`;
M?C$3:_.`L2.NA6(:-PJ;]S^H-%7ENY5.:4/Z80!:C+R.T#201QO8@YL?^P


$!5/O`A\20K2D7:/DULVH?Y86LP%8=

MT
QM*L*/(3P@9CKT322QY1&85W$0U(Q+S@-HD$RS*\=Q*/*=L28@NH$F



M09/

IE;Y+&/$U=%10`Y[(+3!;EPB
#%2C

B!352N7%19

M@






0)^
EG
MP4V0$[MFZ3U


M&6.@F(`

M3JR!8EQ_&Y_HBBF$*X-('CA6N##@+5/J@D'9LDUNK;2JVVH'!@6#@D'!H
\8


MFJ:9QM#K.Q=9]+F_S@I
N.!0DR+^F1;%6VGC]..H+//X?KXX!++



MD8.%?2


M=R

1VHE3%C]E9934'#]H]0A5`039
M='RAP6-315@#[!:?9@U
[?J'30N@7D(X+8A?@`RO7NS4/^Y;4!T9D/;2L
(K










$T9Q_N\HF5,G85=4
M][P?OR^9?#YD19G3DKV#O_A#$J5.=1[-TT=*/'_$?OE(QS^^\OG!Y?_4?OOD
MOY+BT8^OPFA8OO8UW;6(:<@6T36BJ[ZL*X:J$]0;9
$Y-5/SV9W

5%]Y?FR11ZM6

MZ\^1LQ2EH];&LO/\[[.^^CLVX^RJA#V_^.O;@Y1Q2&.?&06-&84C%/^)_16V






N@(N]XE`!J`!:(5

:BWJU?O#

`?K!J0!:=T((0)B@!@@]GB?`6`!


M`-)J6\
!:4`:D(;2;$`
$`/$`#%`K`\0PT(
P`*P`*PK`@O;BMY]I%$BT:*
M2MH$JKH$GM:R8:+



MPN_9GAA1Y/\I*Z.D&6VL1ZX&IW%.N_VY9:_4)JX_Q`L[Y=OR_(20!-N8(O

MAM]_^O.?).F'EQ_Y@:8%^V'?8]C4I9SP/M+QCZ]\12;*/[7?/OFOI'CTXZLP
M&I:O;=NP-9LX









:E




M\-!]/-1V=![@`#AT'@ZUU0D`#4!#Y]%@Z[6U;.P+'K#5:+]LP_@;';V.TV$V

MT+@.:QP*F%\H8/X;5_1T2MES[[-TA)KE#5G2!(A271N[;*!F@(`!`!)0%0

L
MCTJZ2)I(43J21O2^W*A\;@)TO3B&J;6X6.]/9^H05+MKZ'J
.;N^#:#`&K`&
MK
&^`7/`G#8@WT#UHUKD09`3%`#!#;%@2]`M``M6]`#!#K&
1@O8Z'
M%C8IO?O'O)Q'R4:95E1U4^;9A-I^QC^:_C.78F[2N3E7'&[XGCA$&Z)80
M@2SC9$=`!!#!GB0`!4YS);H:%X%B``BZ_N(80(/P`/PL+Q/UX$'X`%X6.
!


6XRN
M'N;J?6JR0TCLKAWK


/P`/P4&_F0Z!

=3@@#`AW'\)V??7]0*Y`2@7D]AVY



'T97-DG^(I+:1?Z%?I8S:-TG?2OB'N*L#Z&H_*

M

M_':MUF_/QM)LG@\G44%';#I/X?FJD91X-RT**GY%2V/SZ9!.[VG^J.8J





692E[YPL5=892Y4_7BE.PGPO&]5')H5UL

M



/Y&1Z\KBA[1^[(M

Z3XJ'Q=-K%'K]F;CTB3SJ/_%UJN
ZZ9%#?D


M?%Q$ONJ2
X^

M(

IL7\-B[9TIT0%PY2#


$A#(PR



M(OI

MVJ]`]:6GPO_&S*@45+V?5CV9))4

MO

A+*
T%

-
MNX`]Z!!5B


M_






M^+PHG%N7^__Y73*^&C._X]]SY+=Z!_SN'QX;.C#;N,E-[S^+HISZ0MO-R'-
M9^R=_!'#)O6I3EE'J5%-.0?-'A\Z?)*7OMW
H
.-I_)A%^4BY*

MEV8YI=_B8NFU)8O[)_&LX.H5HK+JW@)R:(2Z4YR+/A/*OAF.7QHM)Q7R5'






69ZVF5TW^:)RTGO-!@





MT%#FP=-TFIDM6NQ0=W]`ZOTLQ

\[3J

C\ZNJ
8_2*/D/=.MHKVL0^0.R=N4+THV-[


M#/\J9_)O?^M#R$`U:CMNZZ:1WJ$






MF)TF3*7_A/DACZ=1SBYZWG%[1._9LR8
5&-^#C8'VE=&`17/1+.8^_T;E2'7


/-UY^GQ19
.X0FIUBGQ!\R_

GK(^-'SY6Y0VDEY*MZ)OC;5_/ZFR[[$RD'[F@V72X@)*
M/V\TC[];)YZ+NU5Q6E#EI/]!RTDVVOCW)X6=[Q^XI_:?^;%Z\]1-/O/KR43

MHQK$-BTSU%U==9Q%O:%!+

BJEK&V(+J]PU=\

8NBV'LB!8AH:




MD/70



5FNN:WF:KUDKO7-M




X6^D<LT7B6O[^
M?E&QF'YVBH*VNH+BSH2NA\0G2B![C'L<SUH)QW'(%B05Q30.*=?N`5TZ_H;#
MCJ85R,0E*M%]QL=L0:E;*SY6V7IG*U=JJ?:A+'TS,F@J;!-J!C/?;P
&
P/
M
D/+558:$+CR=MA&(^00*PLP^A

M

/)R`\L-31*H+EGSEZ%O1P)LXV!=K`!NU^DRT%7'
M



O'*JA/XMN&9=A`&Z[T!S`Z0
MK:`#
60B


\W6&^M\


M

UZ4[H;CFM

N(]6K-4L,M)UW1M$L&O^Z@P3LFT+2H.-3)<WZ<1C6BA]U--JK_;[-
MXL7!%Q_8T++1GGX8:SE5-WUZF-&U.DQG2?9`:76
Q_M9=83&W]B[2SH*\VQ*
M;-O^-



!YBTE):D]?C9

[*?)E&ZM
6_9%4$FXY^J1#CE)^B_#
M#RXTMHS\

]Q9
^7`WF5;5=M5S?
79-!U.K\C=Y.!C^A


PY\G4UL#S+=GW+-AWG_[?WI


T5%XW*/O




M!?289\7GO+I*1-M]'L$QJIPA@A



M/F`C#`3'W4EPL79OV45Q7]V7CVESU_CC@C&IQNSQ@BDO5-QNX(ES5Q&W?(
M


MUI6MK;Q(*KV2FK+`)9=61ZBYY)RI(Q46^I\_HN%JUO\SX%RD02#89()$K/


[5@SR[^GG/$V8`5A5EJA]EB@_^))-`:;R

NBK%[_

9ZN+N;B3^AC&Z7I^TR6
M4


-$@


M(':9@24IJCP;W0R*[!K
9:.[5;M]`2H[G:T/FY2O`7&TA^Y^R8J:5(LAUH'H
M&`!DF

MUH0\93HE*JV[)&QL&.@^1_@
F?C8%#H+T78-5FM1$DWLJ-9M=5GE^%-V
M2&HRNYP.OLQGK1\\(1[PPW&P2''1`)S


MI]8BZ27J]Y@@Z\T&[L;YWK0ASX(V*%@:9$AU]'0T6CKA=**-DIXZ+7N7H1C'


M
;1UVZU=N\'8;1XVR&T`O8'
N_$P!2?'P

M\I@QGC9`)3=61-RUG9J)UJ;X^QNQQ7HX]9-;MI]N$^G'_
ZW
X9IA8ZHIL
M?'5WW;]WY72:#N?`.R`;((+VYGUR('DZX]9^?+

M:WQ]X%HC*V







HK*(46M4YHJ!$X$DV60!N:K


M




M


:4Z$OB?AFI,BJFEN`*^%


V3OP:W#D0@^
M2&.!NX11\!12KIPH[)418^IY)B\'\)ECBYQ&2D?.G*%2PU\MRMSB7I`'/N7Y

M7-NTZ*F.T1@SR/Y*Z]H%OE](&9`+M'80\T?+5
MH3[@'C(3%3

MAJ/;R-;0=)2/7P

90%[%HH0A2BV1D
-D&
M1S=)'XH&Q+VY(I1P(DK/G`\*&1ZE
BT



MP5_S^K;UY)YGWT$VVF0:,Z94`PTV'(ISKU2CV$7[SY(Y^N`;5UHDUPXKC(

MF&!S_M_SHOAY4GZ;?


M3P!I#QSY\7$\2'!/@2




3(Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q55`D``]-`+E'30Y1=7@+``$$

M4\
-A]22'
G*KS^`

MQ1SR^NBL!%P#/7I

MZ7M%/QRQ?N65`/]5RY^_\Q^\:?_H-*VM
`R/FW]]:5JEVQHRMM;Q/[]\OFFZ
GQ2+'(Z^H:/^$X@Y.<LI^4Z?OM]#7D'%I.+_3PK(?GXX8^:<*R+7NI




-^#V8[;247F9EIF
M1V19&

M%8





`%VG.0NT4


Y\






L161`A(L12!5Z[ZO2:/<CIUR(OGO]Z
M6<.\0_*^7$;I@A!J]F0FMT-U0?[@`11;QQH;(1ZM--H$$]
NR*D&H05F8TB


M/H^)2EUPF;_@\@_@YNF
N;MBG=])%MEA&-B6


-8ULH52)K)O*X=*$
M1/O


M
06EZ_`&!%7)2S1=XY0.G\7/G*;`C8]5P$(]611@.A.@6W`VXS\_]'(2I2

M@A2?6O=N6D#K7GVU#M%(SJ!0'Q4@FVDH=FC(E'-@()X`7B0A=X\AF!9(GQ/U









MT/F5R$Y
Z@2V@L3!U#;+)(%Y&H




U%VY<+PB%WL%N1DP+;4/T.BF\712+4AK<7I@QK7BA'ZLXSJ5G

`D



M?(0MM`C1)&!W`T?)
&S2:[RRM.T+S;.822A)@RM//3ILP/H!1X&EX'WK
Z/Q8*,!63K3DA'CIV_7
MU&$BMU$$7)HD/CT8)_+4XH

M#_*1HD![.O#R7@O

[QE_KWSU=DL+
MJN1\(/)-/\&6BAU&[=Z



MZ0
L


M

MGHJ%1X]KI0DP

O[ZH




MYX2N0Y)P^K[@7@.O2V':



]5\3A^`WI:8PAR7?[2Y
M`CMI(B^
71(
JR

#5&R5




KMX$=9!-G^+FPS8[HVM<2UYR52GUME@]RB6V-]5&%B'/\5`H^&S[
MOJGI`\:6(B7*6M2VX7@5C^VWR(DPC/R8+=ZQBPW;AL1`*`F
V+3P:GJ8+K'\
M/9_DUI/

M
$%6[*HM)3#6B4;%!(4-Y[)$MVU4G+'#TW



MOZSMKS$=XWX.]R60M%$9^W

4
;*8C-1TWMR$:*-.WIL3#+

MU7[)/5R5YVFUK-C+#V&V(&LX\\CS$_:?J?:EGQ%R1++1-XJJ=0#THBC9*.7+
M
C+DZ;;$S`X3+O&O.



WQ*;`/YS.(CQ[9YH4;*?C_$


M^J_%



;)!V3
MH$7SZC(%8F
8)(Z='/`UV!%2`XH4.[5\XAG[VL9VV_A)Q8DGV@+KQ+3-\S/3
0\F/;64+


F&=UDE1
MPLN%*@^?:]+S
8CS7'Y=
D46?7V7A5^-?)\L$R?'BSX]H5

M`A77




J'ZD@$GX\LX^N$3<#%LQ]=^](74

UJ)UE$]P

@\UW&W`6:


V/LU_9P'VU/
!N:$ZW+[2#U%U35

!4



M

M'5?'&=


X!OZ\-`E6LRX:IXUV``')T^1ZG++.=)2L
7WUY-$2CI$OL_!3ZXWI;HHFQX^65JV
M-UE?]^S5AG7F6C&1FUUB%5+


!
Q#R
'!7*^N(S+/F:17_4L



(


]FF`20$PXS
MN1#:W:Z_J__K02QX\Q(Q:@D;+%2BA'TW-6%&#F,):8=T^MTPKE&+5A\51K#



&C2?:&1GJDL52US.@



A3*$2^SXWJ[@W
M^;!CAU+ZX`3::\_N`!)/(YKAMMU?XATC0'KLSF7KMOQG/_SMK^6H)3S\U\
.#:A0W&V;;I@UK)-]\$5T\7XXG373K!-!-AFE[MTY%^NF@%X(D



IM'%?O9
M=@=XV[VD
WS(3MIP7[#5CJN+P4=:_BF13-NI2F_I4QTT\QU=*4NPS]_$V2.9
M_DJ2-




7DFK01




M%DAXP








UV@*\2R-@:TZ/6QV'B:R&A47$;*R.
M7XJ`
_=%OLWIJZ3I2VI3ORVNU:8!#N23*+?/BCWJ:O+^KUW^

MD:&7'P$`E?P-`!
`'`!K;RTR
#$R
3(S





XG]'._?IFZAN)OKJ@710Z1_0CB7MWYWI1^G?GUH_&.5?'0
M3/*-U1Q'B:;#3(-*6U50N^O#]


M9TJ]LCV*NX

^^1)O'D

MB#MZZ

^^[+5J_3+VWYHID
MZ8-+-W

M-J[NJ$H%[2H5=*-4EH[G?NWZ9;$16;C;;+$1Z:7ZZ
I%ZZB89W[:.)\E1;)8




1Z4+4)R7;%
C_OAPM3L?N)IY/BH;B;:RG(V'3
M:9S


M!5QI84




/]DEU@:T)L

F;5N

ML`5K

MAQH%(P6U=W.8!T-`*XD&0E:+?`7P0`XS.K!%VB%


^
M7RU;.-BP[WD`RN-`@&`H

M;E*^Z.%36I+_ZLX_=O

MAH10K#6%`O45'G)X9JW:)FLAL]9^H


I@9


MQ2

O;-8
];-C!RVRU<4I^=1=G3L:Y&U_&#XMU
MS^YMSAVE(P`UD`)C3K2$%`#.;04-T[C9U=H!9O\[9`NT70P[84*=S;G=Y2..
M

$
95$%(ID
85IRTU9'A+OT[LM!\'#L+N-;-A


)!\_YT&
M

R1+JZL7MQ

P@T2Z3Z&ML9:
M+S[-E[J?E_E=DG3;I9]6VXF$QA2%L-P)`E88'$A&JRF@X:A]ATP=ED^OYM



M'5\?]XK5X&C:$.S]8Z%3CT:6+Z(Q7MK$_11GMZ[8NLYN4$N$A21
8AS0@&-F
M+-7!XYZP)L%MQ\W_5D#G4
VX2$SS+A+MEW=U&M1&U#!/?63BC@0@Q)X:
S<;5%FK(]/#/CN@
FK+Q'%FM#O+$L

9




MEWQ:

W



MI5AN?&C__[ZFB%E6:F25Y5)+`D6HT%H[P&6S-447$5V#&@D.A/%(N]@-
\IQ
MRT(-)-`(21Z(




M+.?LN^1^
Q]JE(H016$8`
R$I22`G&!1[1UQ$33S8#H+C^Z:$NTCULLL4G-\
MV/I\Y%UX`T.K/6`X0`II)

MQTU\T3
1FZ
Y8/Z5N
Z\I5]Z*W!;57N_25F*`@&0D`@`(H6JXDTL:'AC][C9
M+'KF7E


M\6_VKJR[;1Q+_R7LRR/6=/JDXIPDT_V(PTBTK1Y9\I'D)*Y?/Z`L4K9C+81`



F!7387'DLWV\WF46
M=MPS?^.&\N-PU'[9I9R4B3
4`
2?/VB'?.B_D`'18CKK6
S_/9Z+DNDH4%


420,](`K++5TRJ+&XRJ)3A2+[SUTDAO78?'F
ME\7\/V7UR),N9Y&\JZL?T\G-5@?)Y1S<]XT@O/34&<`<4$!+S[!I:BX2'PG
MY+V'5?*B.BRN?&5I/3MX7=C$SZ8/7ELG(
;86Z$%YT2+[5D6/C$3^+V'4+(!





6YJ``%/
MRUE`EQ58Z1'`[H
F?R2$?UC
E[EB=F]/'C`V1C


O9\)TC(+&4N&F?0XZK(F:LFLS+:


MZT-DU7?V[D+J@]+HVF055;2FH$Y0@Z+JJ72)HJ`LX3%??+##%T!%IK&;*G




'4VR#.]
M0.MR/_.U-#:QEN
M(DR

MG&-GZ_TJJ



M4/@X&QU#P[=&!`2A5DH)Q:



L1W(2V:=Y@OTB%^)3E:E/%CMGSZ
M]\=H[HSF=^6G^7+I(SQO7YN?R[CJ[\7O76;F*7

M&@[$B=]UADFO(+9FFR_E;!QOLN^+8K8L1K7_8UJN
]'*Q60^CLN(:MJF_/:)
M(#]+=1--\S4T\U]N%G_SM9C=[
A+ROJ)``$AD

W#92:#F

7N&


MBP/S!!5-)0TPT





XS_2*'IQX=J\

)D#$6$$XHJR\Q[(A
?/_P




&(H`3;&`V

MMGK]MBI6ZT_6HN';TX=W=:`X:ER@#A@#K+
1%V&EY%6OPPTX&+)$M;\UPQS;

G]=4
MSX#.Y5*[?RH?Z




YD*_
'XX
M0P3_^?J7^Q-2EY^+N\





M^MA08:'W6SB9@L/II)F7&[H`)R%3M[PO)F/W^[ZJ+FR2/S=??RH=.G@MM)PD


.=ASX)&'W3^8XVU;/HR+2*GSL:53G._HR2X_23!
M458EEW
?KSONXC^`



!HG\FW:4/51E;N'Q.LQ$IY




TT1A


MC9-G[:7SW8IBW;'?IV8D]#V?U7Z('!@7I



M7U74:G;S]/`EW



MB+4GYV2;)#W]B


M+Q];3:\;*EUF!FNEI


_.QKC\

LS^N&T$XIPCW
MA!


/G5OYZOXC.[JG5NY=(3#M`++QH'40$DB%]E(T]&-(S]J$-SL/

MI-J/)6X]TP@RB4DU.IC*-#/-OOZ5WLP4GS,,L$[I1A!2AH`@9,8`^`;%!Q



;_](H%;
0\($I
M`(UUWQSE)!I((':*748`QU%D]FW\H

MLC

_OW0Q3S_J?8%MYP?-
ML:$(`\T,LM@Q[2UJZ9LM!))'65H4


HV!4#

3U`P[[=DSP
M0BG`((^ZL=62

K'*@\@8]_!Z;P?]6X]&!26TD00(ZIWS
MR$GI&MHT)!Z;K



VC
A
M((&
@C9^':^!IEVXYL

N`!AI;XXC#Q
/V7@%\M(#`*/S
AL/16LRGJW5R^MS]?;%^





P8

MD_'?OQ'9&%\F?KLKHNJ^*B


@H-Z)=#-M@SC9Q\S(O

NWT




M$_*ZL/19*4!$M!`(

!&C90NU??EJBXN

MP:'IWM`I&KYS=O#*

MJ.J'+3S;P;]F.X[]3E.#Q
!H+R1###@$-)`TKO/*1V1O7SBP^F!61@[D#(
M'&]4I


MG3CLZJK3I]QAG9"Y1@+5/4CB'NE6Z##8#8B60D#?U5YT=J.!E8&X&7Q:O]
MZ'JM$Y@A$D`F'!'604)LQ+!5'#GMEYLTQ/6
\E`7Z1.E0%;W!;7Y?)K=7=]


OA@7%HQ@;JH64%'*#7#M8X6XTW[*-G\;G^6I:!R?QK!5
MXM1R65W,4NKBCC2&%^.$YYKACTB1'/&&.:R5?6=@Q/I^7
:J%4^`#*P9GO5


H%AP;C7P@-M/6;`IOIAC3U'?+\/?0CO


[XOEC_)B=C4K+P_GZ.^:$[3%
MBBH+7503A3-


/Q&4
9C^

5&3ZWQ6D;#

MVD#2T@P@&4D'&%\F\H
SLDLM[A4=ZN;JI[]]]44E`ZS@C1(,^6U!T11RD2
MEK5J

M8*\[
C+Y=##.&!YFS$1E*JO?11C\:181*FUQ419QFO343MP9=$TXJ)
*VA

M


XD(
\JT
MF#K=[W(8S.N=_V08!*8Q!.5#4?]9KI)M^[6\N*O7K7&WP.R1C#VS0E2?I%0V

//W30O&:ZZHIQ@*


M[@Q4`I,@)#8-M0QS/OUF1!O@_N90!G=V=/5R1.TQQIZJ&2D!&/))`M
-2*




M&Z5`W/5[ACBP

$0YJ8%'WFCA4LTFWZ*'
M$9A8

M2B4=]JW#.?ZLW\4]L+U]
L

L


[-^-/PV0
[O]659=_S1ZR#5_K][`=

5\+56\$Q\XEWA'_[W;K$J


MW@=?O&2(@P1SR1W1#LW#[L%[=XO9I;&3X8#*D:O)#&S

ME`5



M7_$^FSQ.CMT$IU\.-)X#:IWE&'(NTXBW?1
.1S(;$Q7LV3@X5PR.424GX&Z1
M&VTW\O#W1?
U-7AY;K:^K#3([V.SNGN*ZLYQUV?+P5I)'742Z4%=Y:1&4K


MRG0G[0Z

!NK;\G9\'^;


M#?:.L

)8'!^^ZHE*#1*.09`3J11-[=R8$EH)VAX8S/)4:O@[N)^+@7A!-MIZ)@8*
M;A[Y6*#*1O6




9D]3KZ/IM

MM8ADEH0I2%
*+-D&[]0@S!/+.Y=FQT2$8J@-I0E]
AAGUI`Y]W677Y8)`X
M888DXXXK[J(89FYO$8`\45


%*



0L(C

XS]



M+G7K$LA'0S#-WVE+WPTS5U:C.R`_#(K+Y3C@OEE

M9P@JZ;QWCC!#]RB`*VL]


M[1=A[
MY6X5WU[!9K,50,&0$-3<:00_&?W6X@S&SK7;Y;;&<B'.\6VV_WH]^[
M6ZPQWJAH'WE!!0<6<'4#HRH#M5BA7.ZQ7:F9Z=NL?T`J7'[#MLCU#N(A4#&








M]PP8PQ3WR.UP
(3E:?+%DM



-6+3:;BM^#BT!
MD5LX%

M+(1^/TZXD?AY?0:X`.%'TV;YT#PWLW7SQWP^3MZ98S0_\'A@=-.@PT3AZ#G1

\5U`X3+8P`





G6A+1Q_EL_O8FZCY#\/+`2B-.8U6!R;0IB9Q
MA+;^)4Y\GNY6;I#@D'?ZD
#4EPQF/HN+7L=UOR@G\]E2-T_S1=/.MV^6[I]H



7-66OC:#1ZO(P_FDOB4WF

M(8*SDY


M)@
`4\4D?+O
DQGY!Y\/3@`($4Z3Q!WP'&`#P6Y?$@IY`W49Y]'K9R-Q0)1^




B82

MHS
GU=;


I!6OJG`W#6(2\U`YX:

)^-F-EZ^\CJ;T?+K$;K_/WE7UMPXCJ3_T0;NXQ%G3\5TEROZF(W=%X1:
M9MF*M26O9,U4[Z_?I&12LDL'9$451

MB]K'




MT_@;B6

SK=D[UY
Z^Y3

MR=/J/9TWTK\
_`YP6WGT)&*#


ME*C!T#1DGH2T%H6+WI%ORL]&[\BW`V20XXU.7P_G5E@$-H-H'3&G6H`IJ=87
MZ4WT*\OC5^-GQ/

DG=5.]_G)
$
SEZ=Q)0JOOI!`X\<H#$(9+


MP^W78E4I9?O7WG^\#9S?F^=RT6=
5Q\_EWS`U#FLI&726BW!.M2HDMQ7/]M?

M0OWO(6:CLYP_G'1=P1?;]0*J^P
!*IMJ_+(Y4-DI[)0[UF!ZTH)@
!Z

L8%7TME@R8I



=3Q!SOBR`GN++&OZP*GZ9?)L]KY]K;]Y-7F#.P6:'G7T[


M).S3?/6Z7#=M]W-D1G):$NHLD%H+WQ`'ELL(HHTBC5V=8H0ZSO7..?`Z-3
M=!Y





;'^PFR?6:W@%^]_
]$Y)JUYM^GU[]?%

5V!=UUATIIWU9GR
M\2/V_1%).!6]=!J+X$Q9%VM9O32A9-ZI6

!@#=T;C4@S/E$L/A#?]D]TV!1.^



M.NBY^5Z7N;@.0+D&J\_F80Y/2#$X!^K'

M+`N*U%:(6#/4ZPD-LSF7`K[H`9.+^4=A`&_#O[T)R=#@-+54:0QR:RR)VNV.
)T\O34&F3Q5`O/+Y_




M:@I.6(






'@#F;S.






.BD-@-1

S[]3=0)JI*TB&J)FL
MK]Q


EO^8_*T+G:-

M;V
7MD^R-%:^YS^5`H`!'I+4VBAEE



M4IE@Y\@KA*2DBE+P9Q4:L7AO&HMZ1FAQNW8V2&M[*^6$V7L\V3Y7=?*S54
MJA\[6;7H%7GZ
XEC@[1$F@;E#0_$1;F[-29


9]L
PW%
M??4D4^
-?V!NBB9PB8R
*BC-HP.=]^8.1V%9S+P=
/H47E\`#2$0=3;J;\7]
M0[%WZ&


1Y_KZQ&CUHK_TVJUGLRG
M19/X\?#8!*J


Q5P$
H$S39=













ABMMH:*W;SDT)
MF.@1RA[_.MPF-!\X0PG^W^5\_C^+ZJ_%I[)85HOR9G

E


MXF\B+(B3Q
$6&2QDHGPOP:V4$9:AQ/QA_64^N_;SJG@I6NG%YX*/&S@25Q?D
M

V7

MUH#C96_.A
*^*)-N'02`
4$0:1-WXLQBJE`T^!YGKQ%/V_IDD$94IC5&@-



M3FX;G
`^SL]:I0F7%E&-]7:^/JZFTPNAR2;!$QB1`ZO7SY')
MQ.E
`;PSM<6RI_?6W9=D$

MA@%J2Y&!3C-'XG].
NNW
U6.F.E:-.
(^/GEWB'0?



(%



;Z


M/=%?K5;U[



M)%%XL%H=EVI/]L&\L]K]6

MJ@D!4AZV$20:@+0;N(-9?\

MC@-J*+3^*8#/`3369?[CH5;9!%4-`\TXHG\1`_?W?;E8ELMF#CN_7OY[MKK;


?420]FNEW$-3=

MHOY/V3@Q/CP48%S:34#`_
?G*IDB)_89(
8`DO@MI-1%02T5IT!M(T6S:[
MC3(J3X:!;CR?*X^W\WJ'!39[2EH[HPW3GL)#15-!V@+9XN48%D]RF=EQ@]
M`


M^U+EW;HL_YXM&^VVF52SC[J;W3?%GQM7W
?RNOJZ:+QV!_:Y?;H-T93BEB#&
MK
*$$$\0;M$WB*;YS08[SAHAX&Y$-




*VUF`LC$.Y._VZW=?JA.E8GO9HNJWE23VAL.G[/[(*)E`YMS
M',=4P9)]WBC-*+F*4A+:YZ_S-;$N=@3UJF2
=&5?4JG@4@BC*%24N*9!Y9#

95.@Q9V+C#N`T
87/ZSOF

JPI*'YFODS/F\&+=]S'MKTC#W-7.=%$JH``@HRC[27
MRA+8@L9&VNQR5/^XV3H3ZSST@V<SJ(<J!*3;$Y6F)`00`LL@AX0L1VU82)-


6^)!AJ=SS3D?UD=KMW3#9(QE


M1R3A+=D%IQ.VY/O+[.0:`FDHO3XV3

M$[36CH





M`X&$(\P0K#3:SA$HFW:#:XAB#1/E2AJ.Z0;0CA_H?;EJSFO5S?^M'QQDAR)J




M=5-:_FFP+S#\`&\Z]1.


MSKXV`2N&XXJ.?'`0T9M7Z_1_[2S.9!%4PF3






M3-.


&
M6D::4$@HD%`8405IYW#LZ6!Y+&MJMG<$*+G&FM#'6-`*H
TV6)(H1GK`.1@
M8M4SL6;?H?S(F`\0\IW+J(JB+V]TN8@_K#[

MI0Z]!


MC'U`\&&0/XW[J`5SK&G0'FJ'%
.28B:X



-HB;CUC

1FSXL+XT)

U+^IW9?VUK`_=

Q;)+3V8_DC)B#@_&AUEO0#JZYN





ML8\Z/R?2\!J#$W\NULMU
;^JWRQNZ_*_ZPA)$R5\9)-TH%7@R`!AD+7
FJ@6


*90-(NYB9LP
M8!$@T*#634C4Q*X/9T*YRH=(9UF]^78?5[3-E=6[HOX:]\V;A6U_A
6!!@%Q
M!)1P@C'N&80


MI?\[NDL_UC0X1*&*KT44*

M(2D[/E]_`%)L2C8OW2`:W53FP8DL$\W&V@L;&QO[PBB3P1C1PD:@


K_P

JQO__

%-;!A


M
HHW8+JXGT__KP[S=I/E/
YGK\A#K+^V5EDI0*83#EI@@,50H_@1@:!0



'

M'+Y


M\_B&37^SPVHKPX
K3URPBO)?.*4^U\$TDDA4]
C7BE/O)!



M

MD$M`7()J^G$5ZX*OS.+A]^E\$]GT?EU_5K=A_:PVPMQYK:.JS?SS3\MZ_I=
M./@UY[^]Y^$$';-_5T4%DFS3H(8Z%7[4D#U+/K.)E'VE;NNQB*%(&9]NYBO

M



RZ4KT;



M&%.N




RS$XPZ15E$*O&NTV%M^
U&WJ69POV
M7(+@ZV/*Z$R.:R%(>6+



K
M(B#55#F(!
4(&2-A`P@DY0+INW1`2A?#]S78



MWGS?QK'Y




M1MW4R]LPATELS]`T-%
V)F
KM]G&TME
5LYA?+KY/E
MW0DR]OFUE:6480]=M

M@]6Y7FBYOZH2E$%C
J8S&Q?'8/.WMW,P6J_!!.UD?Z5]7]ATHE0'30&]`!!:0Z6B=(NH89CB


K\-?ZO7ZVT7D59M
M.TJ\1Z4)=S%VSG`#
TX_U\LR=
M3$_?6!&$
;+6084
Y9(HY
0.6X!AVC5X*8_XJUL
%XAF2'MIUV3[78PNGGX
M$ZCC&N[=2#KRO97'$'.

M&UTIC156!

M)#WW^84RP&@8HX`X;+%VL;;GT\R=UVE))5?3!2O#=I4/W*%T3_\-6255##@&

MJMW6R^F7R7KZI?;3^61^.YW

M
H0XT4!H@9DD^_D)*N!X;?*^!;KH%\+71Y71V=E7PY#RS/AU$2SCK6:M[\[6


MZ@[%\


0P09`9SL









M\JT`D$/0;W

MHM[:;Y4A7M\H#FJ
'5Q5.3EXX3=5%#EK5#@@8TLA!#8`Z798
F;3(D/X=3.R




M\ZNU[R$%



2FC:
M20AX9?[]'A%MG.S\;G:_*$?+



M0LN@8`.-7!LMSZF!]QXKFV!GEW\.0WVZ-*]Q1IIR!T]PSIUP46YGRZ5LJ^
MZPM@15@+P

)X-\CGBN4E'I0MIO#
MSQ+W_AD)8
M:Q4SRG#`F&?A_\)6*S.6I
F[M4A
?GEG@:63I)0?TT_/$?KAFPIF`W6UH]P0



MTXX98Z$!U


0L\#32=JWWJU

;J_Z
VGJOZL=Y




M'B6ZI\*GT?0

M017F$&DJC?5X%_!

MQR)
-6M36[*WYHQO1\J7HM+)$?1R5BY&4S4;J_%C0#P8
!M3YMRO^5GW%Q:0








M?(?WSNI@_/:T0K$*/$


MYVI%&^ATPH+M]$YFAKVYKC`24J21

ME
-/F2*78-!8'[.3Y=-\.9K^SV*^?HH%ZB?+ZN8S-;E^[L5=NL]\-F_?GW


;%I6PN&?$MB

M+QY*.E





MU$)*HSDEA`?1U-@QA#MKB7;2\94UY;E?%/MCX`_37_ER'$^`QX2`=9#K\YN+
'U:QP



C1;Q@
(RGLXMEW=??PNW

MZFO@=




MN)R1:YCM684!EAGG''508N


M6%#`&:NF`Q85N_9UY-';=7"D)[P;\^U#N?F(+F,QVIIZ-5
EFHVKK[$

MA8]@*#$GZ^;0/!?RANE@_S6-TUEMGZ

M#@()+


3`FC;LW%_SH'_IV
MPFUQ.1N5YH+86CU&H;#D'FEJ((%*6@8LVB4E:Y)80OC/&@A)!C8'54Y^C5^I

-_DYNY?E?
*U/I-2&*2JZY9M8P

^'Q3Z?*!H\?+(@H9=HP(P;#PO/9X$9`8A$$W


Q:C2T'V/%@


?WZ@=;!
UMO=-
D5;






NJ\!




M%B06Y;O%*



M/#4R1$Z.5E!J''54



M






M`+5L:

MQI
02AJ'8*G.EQF/;6]]8EZ+R6:]DS(@C+*0!
(8H4!(I;VCQA3:WTJ0_V


&1XX)8+(RW/%Z$G+'N&ZH






T=1
1(3&2\O&&[TS'4=GG1P')LSB!7-Z'\:TC88F*&KU&PRIM1YO'P



-(VA+'@4@L8GS





_.:_
MLI*OJE`_JDXB6!:8Z`0`(KV<I;6)C[N]_HD93Q6\Z7YC'UA*(^$-@9$5Z;/







M`P

6&






ML=T$

T!`@():QND53*[FTS/@BIM
TV!65


J&?F/
PE)

O+SJH\^)UZ+]=!_9WP]



P2$/738`PB5T)Y:A+5NJ*$R\;VX`E[E_!(P
M+7(3R
&S3_LF0?ANBN`-IA!*##E3F!IK`0#MS0A9VCN[!1S'
TE.G2S.)'/
M5-E7G?(MN5&`:,\YX\0!9!E%'@,AK5=Z5Y)?@TIW\`93VP`@BB$%%,,W'
MH*ZE+^49S)CR/9BKR2G?XS!;K$.Y557TDU[=K[9WU5^?JNHA'E6/7S;;CW9S

MS@W^
H5H26E^O6[4OJ$!$(
D5E)XCI7GA@+-&VJ=`VE9-0F.DN4*368(%U*5




L1
]81





@V_]=/=2'
MX9CBJ(Y105K/H)



OAJ#=]4
0V#DN(.N\8B9:<-HI1*2#$C?@0$M*%<$DY@).




2;^



M*`]/;^]7VZ98_$L-PI]55_I`U[!@=+0L;01
24H=`A@RV%!IH2I6X9G1($_5
MZ#/B5.1V7=U7AW?5UVK[6+W9[=:';BFX]'F(\NTE\-9)A..VT4XZWD)E=%IT
[ADP+

&FUDI*E!CYT6W^ZWLL%!&(:Y&Z2BI&\/ULG\\@`)ZEU
M`!(```6M]%*46,4P68Y70[?@L^


%`(.DJ4@A!C2:%!#2Y2HU*/@=_N91_


-
)B*4AZTR3WM@P5@

ML3@/_/)$XD:;X%C
TJJ'YM-J_[';(=\Q('AIE
82.&4IY)I**U2S5F3ZWRHI

M
FZ3YPK(








M&2'XER)F=]BTIN-/Q7TQ7[TN3K]]+C#E

M5#L;DD%RHGJI6
3J[S;)8586:
M3]7[=-_9=$*__&Q06@EDI,2.J<0P@K1VM^O1UI?KVZBVY1R*'3XKY1_7WZ
M1)!4$,%-7`ST%G+@F+2U%][+D;6\Z((FN6MO;VZFV-7'Z(!&`_.;YX*@1AD=
MC2,<E3\5_[2@OAL!WN659.P[$3B?*F<CT)HV3R,WFFCS[7,!8RB)X=1KZR6$
M5&AQX!J\\+C^L[)S:?-V0BTCV@K)M7[:M(8P?;TD6`]DI!!;+1S3D3C1A_N

M4*U(7GY*;WT(SB925T`
H82;Q3*:GU%#?34NX:LG@Z8L'I14&V


IE%7Y4JDTF@&
LQU




M.K4W6

M*';##YMOIM*4KM#J%2$*44`8TQY(#3R7`(
#6I3A\:D-/='K%6[H&
#K9XS1

M7YJH?M8K`S2*4^*=U%YCB37WAY0[1S*C#J_$QV+8;$
5\8Q
G-4[/TD^3`


MY+L/BT_?3\MJY[&/?_G:41]_%*?TH9A%=:-:/QSQS+WP5'!1HQ1QE=[$DT52

&








G@'-2$*LI]
M-

M?]Y`^U.&!V`TL7&)0GE
%%)0PT
V#(`DBR$NVW
TER%ZP&L88;`_JY+JFWJA

3#O-#=OE

V

69;7$]0
M/7K[:L#44.P1X![+5.896%5O1L95GO#J.^5T*:\),RM[ZB_QN7Q_VME?%LN
M_$CRP6EC@P`(*


VC#G%!5&0:E1[C;S*

VB+




M*+6R1I@RDLDUU^DP[A.YUA+CB/9UD'`OXM7AP6I:366&H89-`0;`_]+)7+


32;E+)V6Y73+ZKI8;?7B=+F^7?/Q8(46HP.3FGEJ
MB*'.*`V

J6SMINK]^






M
T0.

R.8=?E/^X+K?:[N;ZN3IF-Z01Y%J9UF
Z1;7WJ\
5T!0341B










M[P^XQ7G_OOOA\Y\]CGT&W^?/G[^+=ODDDF&RF

M98A7S^=1?EF7\VDY_=O%RH;5I&K@Y-
H[3S6E!LO#658(TF%91@AS1U'4+[:

M)9;HE$W&Z7X])#N7X;+Z?TNEH6?
!MG@]?R?EA]V4=-?SHN9V:S6B[MRF8SB

M&F&&

V[FWP=KXP(








MB;US3AZG]HCXB+C8[!Z*/S/;P
?5C_/'P*2Z`GZQ^NAGB\__**?QG]W[]^6D




#.4

M




#+@6--+55<
MIFP9*)USMC9BXJ_



MM+;%I0AR:5VJ





MM
C33R\2]-LUDYP9[GL^V*
-[;U

MGK.I2M:N.-ZM_82BI;;
78KTD-0DGE^_:$ILRA9-=H
-H*E
U622DM3HQKD'
MP







P%I2L-K3L%XYSBU&F!M$%252
[''
_XG

%U$1]OB$XWUY\YPTBUE/
O.`:[O&/QIA8




'W#W3X^G@D:+0QRY[U-XZ`2C9U]LW
MD64I[&!RR4'1^AVE/)\$J@/0IAYWEAX(Y)B!73@G/LI.=.V6Z\`996N3W;





M9C)WGUW[X*AHLC2IQO%5]=C._/MWO9Y06XS1?%8*,LT]5`R[SSW`G62%4^Y
MFY:?,E7J5C3)Q2CI?SUL5X=E+!



M4:2+2'N9
MYFQ-0:9ZU6M

M+
6F
?C0_G^]'&:_#X9
]%E51[/$I[)



W^;;:^'12RZ=-@0))JQC`'TCB@N=,2
M^CTR1-F)'8GG/;`H`F$=<KWHP`FO7@Z`
*MX-HH)K%!+B[UYN!'4#2QBY-R

MH4@I.'


F
M_F2S
2\YTL@9YC$FAR&FB$\+9()7RZL1








M'W?

+_]:3[[

M`


Q1Q8S'VWF.2-=LC0E
MW91L^1\M2H.0;*DW3]QG3YHBL


VFPDOB
0+3C$O$V7;9
W#+
2=]G6
M1*8=VQ2




:P69TQY#;;^7W;8__0

MQ)4ERUCD]:+*P/J



M$$^IY0+Y@_N#TTZR\EW2//I\/@(H)4S]_MVOZV86][U?HL_QM]4_(E?;D
59




Y_FD7J(NI
_&:-NSVM1SBM2D



M66ABX8QLU0_&=]

'


M[KGQX#!I4ZS3U`?YCJ%S




0(H@B/S+D%#GF,!'['CGI)B:GR,.W*A-
''GFRW=


PVNRB3N[K5G[ID?56*L
6RW;LXDS$?V3SP5DJ2!:
4.%
'
6DR[PJYFKVM
%`//`R?


^%;F\;

T_;&
0KBC.4Y



M?PG[\A'KE*N2.&5W*O4^H10UW=9[:BFCQ;'GUS]0W60O:4DD!))H93*5C-TV


M98B)^'GV?7&_O_]UO:F;\3P^(SIF_TV^DGU&S)/'7H\)3QR:Y*M_N`@P18)
MC92FQ@`A/6H/H1C6:9OAB6,I$I@T&:(9N/7`]?F_UIMYK$]L3$?OSRT^
/J



B
/8!D
[Q??J]L/J_GZONJ_`KU9




EBYRM'Y[O3Z3$C(B[



(?M-D$YF[8;FEA[DH\PV8;AC[JOE9C_6?V
MJ,C:+-:;9]/B0WAM+R)UJ3!(KH126&$M+-7:*\G;C8&A-$TB-[$$)1^E!HP
KN<[7;/=QAF/VFODL?ZE6MY_CU+J8



MEGJ8_7OQ


MK_7U5*W



^S0DJ]_Z3.`
2&Z(E@(:

MN@LD]T?K#

M(47`*HFTPP!K:)EM]RM
`52Z=_%^*9[-*


!7=KL_7;G!O!$SG\H3E

MF/$4Y-K&`Q9390A%TW?]M]4J\.=U6JUGRWK@]BS]![CLT$RKC57A&DF19(




M


(F_




M5ABX


BY!%P+99U?[WON*+K4&`AWQ@.OK66^?O416]YZ




M3BUE1BB





M[E8)9NY2
A!!/43




MV[%H)1_K;F




S
M

M1L)@*'W3;Z1@6CC@8`?:XQ$F$V]%ZM?]C4'[^T

MO)]-E



UA._-$7G'2HIJ)%3R[$
M7@'O(MT1



$1Q!L9(RHQP%K268U&/IKQ






MORRJ9:=`PV9B\%@HJ:%Q&`8/7-H\'SM%/DR


M+`-6FTU

MJO8HG=JC-

#HI)_5



M2NB\

]EJ]&=N'U7W'1%+GHU?UBOEAM`
MX

MH/DC\\_H+*#OD6TN3$385:CPY?VR:$HZ.#`P2`N(Y(P1[+%CQDN-[&YMQ-F1


DCJH3)^QFC[#07J`&QS
M;KG/-D\+U$)+(;&4
F\!=/'+V#MLTO#Q&7L#4/02WKD(UQ^5BT9C\OT8S).1
M:;+6D)782!KEL\31&#*4I

M8OYB=0V+79Y94;*WUT7=#[AC4C)FD8YH





M]'E)]0SH?+_4'IVQ

*EGPU

E21QVY



MXX1QQ_J%O=D'F:A3989E&!-P&97E^V)VQA'2-V.#$0Q(JJTW$KC4
H+(7=:;
MYYZ-))NK7S)?BDKK..#7ELU3NMC)_M')P3H`6
*`TD4#Y*
R5T[=I@VZW2


4

'QP4JD?8**`
]
MH-(:G%=,`T/+)F[9E0KO(ATII6'^Z*Z:R(JNDDM0Z-#%Y#31#W$$9E%I]L

AZ
4=Y.XLC61




T0T9!(@IC0FP-=@UO9+7+6_F[(&AW
M


#\-B=&/ZKELEP=C\

07J_

)@1&S5D[5$8#[OE

M@H4927.ZZ[3[S8=;:QH?2-O9Y#$^W3HY3.


:2'8Y(*W9MM%`/S`P:`E%M%TAC2YH:L)A
S8E5./E3NKYN[8GY;=_K=A^???MIU
M'CV61-3V.2%N@9HH6SS%@J5$#`'J$R2-P%#USZZKR_N&K9OW_=R[/#=@=G1.

-JNY6OG@JXUL;=LMJW\\KI:+M^4JV9*
M-TP(2LNX?V0(@L`@8C5F=4JRYG!DX;(



#.SFH0*6T?%;0C4%MB)+&6246]










9&($J4(H5Y`:CG;K=LCVRT!N3=FR(!_U1LXEQ$5`8#V

U`S@YOM2X#-&!M

;`:(<9%[^$G72*L44;7FS641<
M&([*Y\-=N2B+=$+6DO9G/S%H(Y'%GD+

MYV2P=$

MOGC?$6/EA+M+0LVG:G%?S&^V=1S^B*1I;IUX?$*0FG

;JU`
MDFZ5LK+GSHR--?(AVN%0.Y5HNUD]W;/=[.N41=(\)T@0F30N4GK-1-3A7M)Z
MQ8SJ;I9F]IR8L?%`5E`O90

MK8^$ZEP4.$K3R]&Y@*[QY;C+)WYL7G`68T5\NH3//$!20E#;.H*B;NG.?60[

M7AI7Q56)D])ZLX\H1AI+W
ADEJ*\\?[ZQ9`6*-D2*8)S8&B_V)$S(_3TUXUN


G):9@OSOI\_$1
9DM@
!1I3`0H8=CN@['T

2#

M8T$

MZ#K^8G
Z=JP+-IX.\S[M?.'A*(3S20X90]XJ[8





M/1)(FP('@2P(*0!0$/EDI10NBX2

O

&E'8F..$R


!?#I19!-AB*JL55!M`MH%


M=0X?8R_*O
6AS?/)4M8WWZ:PSX7EZGTS7]^W^_GB*KFK\^VXNR&VOH-K1X:9
M%`8'X03R;6*)--FN4('*YG$
?



M^FTUOSPIKM`=%=&8Q'4(F@IEK%

7P20O_P@:/+


&EN58J$+Z[1$.^
ML#74-Q-;'`.$JA.-2AERT;3XIW^WR\4&R_O9;6^)29T3&1D@C@E3(1BG
0**




M




M689KE#;6'9(7@_%R





MZR0)#C1G+CD)V6E7C)[)_4AY$E.M4`PGS-M

MW].Q$+]JS6A0.FUZWB:Q8
2H
!KG9/:`?5EQ0'TW^,(;Q\05:TKZL4&(.

QI7S7V9_

D1&^%=YH3+AC22BOK5$X2Q


M93576Y?JPZ`7UZ^D)!*@6O'`$N)&
V0Q=3('`IR;2'N\6@5\.&2F'4+M?SCJ

#E97/;K&9)&9__

GH'#:P9D%#GOB9D67$4\#]OW'
M4TXG*&I/
4_\MH)20)ZP0'+$2@51Z`M_CQJ.!-#8A[M!CG/1




R
$[X%4MP'T4I]PMQ\!B_1%GY:+
M7C;A8VF(0HITV6



M/55+9YNGT:SNMF[UV^6ZV5+_U^U\;=N(]NHN

M^Z`\



XY_RY1V]







SBS0O

7%^LH
MR;WK\I-H62Q
%V'?

7]YN7






#0=V#IN=BIQL7

M(EGR[$D5W92
`O8IB0M:/8\N:#[$\.'FTU68%''QM!.-85BVIOO8
GQ/US$.
(Z&*7383855M93KI/!@IPM4CJBR^C[*G%WA*(6.?`\.GYC0
M-(CMX=#'.@PP(7;_F
JTW#'RJVQPU:O
!C1@%6!U9!^N7S@ZSXS+T([B%^+[
M4'ZGU5Q:HP:K5G*O1TON1!X97\YP=
_PE31\O*/@83@1:N=D]*'\FRJY492?



H6IUJ$8)YIDY'\[5GZR_;`3-;ZTLU*U=ZXC/)WH-9L)Q1=
PS;=9U2
M@&UH:YBXV.VS.R[26:10Q?B*9;%Y0

P8!#FR#0$=WH&UT@^LN
M$BP@X!GQ


0!*D&YD`0]

M0-H#?\ZV51G0ISJS]FUM,[*_1CE(HO5-OYE_&YT:E\?#!]/4/WBFOV6S#P



=8!R3TK8M.V-__4W
M&@M4!WX^;ZF(^
15BD0%,?O!F-=
M^[*]\F=]U*3*[RIT<D=(&/?W8N'+)CD_VY0@Y:Z,=/H(XAFFC*M5CLTVQ
MRK7R8

E4'.PVE!0I`?SO):9HQM([-SDAUT1R3
M



FT8[M)1ICM
M_-89`3HK0&4&^



M7C%62*`


MX
?;$M[8FE6I)/-*FR)B):K;


<O_V<1Y7/_OCAJ84$.6X=O$=@W=0P+:7V;GQ`'HPXY3PQ)



MHCENNP
Q-5D3QNGEPI2%/T(3.X&#'-]T



[T#1'

7\O?)

!Q*Z7
RFT-E]8D1\]8JQ-3







M+.[@W04=SQ
R0NK8-C-SV@8Q

M6:-/=T.G-T;;



MPK=%')OJ\?
^7\D3L.FPWHD2)G3VK%RE;]95KLW?[N_@8$=W
8'$=PQ;QV:@
Z?G$
ML`(/VYKI6,2_7M2;2WP%U]H=IUR92B%QF69TD.(?&6YH+I?JCJCARAY&I8;
M;EK0+R16*-


R9=]]N`\\:/R]TMZ
M=4=IX5WG118MBX7CN*'OH

MP`+4SVN**]3G?S.TW6\:G8IC5$@KZR2T=#EO.X]R9'\)N4;4KKKLL7[FJA

M6(2V;B#;(:Z!

MS[O)NEBC@_P6/(



5ZQ.473T[[5H49AU13EPJ81/E/L^?M)E


MZ*:C0T^K7EB/88#
#J!A(5

M5?F55YIGX-#94A^;0?X6AJRHRBS=G'8N[C.Q'=ONIK/(U!.5S!%M7NGFT$


M^U)

`:_F&XUF6X87(UBP3.1[N
MXSPA_K&#IA0CCAI19Q`EY=P)QPNAD]\$
XNOPQWJS-N_3./LB6.SU/OO3QRX



Z7ZS3?9`
FQH?OCE8]&LV;2_$@]7'QI;Y]6-57=^1;

MM`U/'

W^M_M-LKOEWME=W1?UI1]:WY?\^+'??#^L3

76OZXB]?!ZU&0:N2^+10JNUCVJGU


[5[TR+1M3J




MXR0NRI)S#TZ*4ISL\;`^2N+HYEN]^=1
(8%9RZH\:V



.D@:]J


=OEW=W



\\;Y


V4G
4

H.X;NG)AT6V@68O3=WO%(BF2DL`
M9+A@+HP8EFQ7Q2P4.V*[:R5;'F.U_N2^H-\TZY[S32LHFLQ;E,U3Z-N0[,.
MYYAY9/S/++/ZYH[F*?.2=])@(FEG]62M_D8#.
PS`AFC(5Q%(8IH-E^L3B*



YT8P;\[06Q[E[$13CB52;;RQ)=
D[W1









L*\)\+VJ6(&:`1;7*9Y@S1VU?GO.DN&I5/6^PJ'S3WBF^


(W4#



M(`:



MU5UP4;IWB:-5&(-&-S@BM`0
@`Q%19KG(



M;$HKAOJP[3\?JM7R[OMR_9ELNVH')2Z.(2UQF:1Y61Y&!8LBH=$4@R@4N\*
M]](:IKF1(G_3Q&,6D9S':'ZJ)W;1FH&!SW%0)M]6=TEOX9I`W$\]G?0)YS
MH`.#2+*A*ZAF\^*A'FQ?#'BU'BE#-LLMUZ1XV/#_^Z&=D'2@\)`@&$&$2OXR
M2N.\*,N8[D7-(4$ZF-D?/9*[9Z4V56=U
%M*W9[^?9[76TT$:112.=1HB]H
M:B?!$=;C.G-.=&-Z[/4+.@6#3D

ME9=/6&\\X$6$O;M?\I#V-`$W

M7T!3QCB+0P;IT`681$Q;YDZ3.!:2=.T

)RX'P#B-


M9B'S)GA[`U'
3P
8116,(]I1$;ZDOC3






FB&&01
MSO:BT3R52@/:E


M]@*80;O*



CSH2
M

M.6M/I`EM(%X`$^C35=?D(G4#&VQ[*1GUBS)$48YQ4N89+'-`0@+W\N(XTY(C
M

MTT:31P'Y\^8T`Z99.21SF\)S&K-B`L
3?]3A\&+63YL
2Q@F$2$%33*$:%D@
MF.S%+DN@[2*E#5G_LADFC7;S#.Y0=IJMDEQIH\_O*


6$KO!
\IS;S^AB.4BD8F)$C&4)EI,2X
M@`!BA*2Q%F.TKV@_'\FAF;B:)+.
&V].`-G:VD(CBX0YQ&3'_AI9R;53FT7


M





M=M-1FD!Q%K:$YZ1FPP+&9L%
!
/Q0)A!:HHR%B:9@DI6('BE0'J0&1JK[W
M1%1_2NL]&PTC#_;\J*5G.&LG.@U#8KRC.SVX38QG6MPPGM.@;6M8&1TS$23S
M\V

MI)&6$@[;









MM@^++T&U_5OP*OJI76'D/+[T






C9/I3DV($C(M8\$'.;^5O:S5QY
M85A0_P-B6-@5X(3&$8Q`!G`*8(AHFSHY4UA&:H

MAY/#PK
=='47]$9X?#YHV?Z0JQ*'BL$606^
X&`-_OOM-_8&&7Y
F*3]R]69

M7M8[.


MD)'RWO@Q(T+J9C`;\)D(BQ:&&\62B




TFRC-8J1-O%UT





M2?&4^

;8)@Z4@6:0-4!=*FN\I(A7_99


OY`74?Y

6FM[IGP$
M/&'`=HQ9(-Y1G'@VV'82C2$K][M=7*1_=F=9;V/TH75M[^+UNM@G&[2QP&6$
`$H6X[:N`9_1[)=$+(;!N%2)=L'P<ZUCYP`$OE*B^J!P7LT#I=
MQYERC19L_0$NHREF*A@

G
*1H0?UR
M9$7A&_'ZJ?[KV%F2F2.UM4+?@BG:6[$#/&9S)4#)&Q*L@Y3U:J@UK'59F3I0




WS7T(`*:
MTPGT/-VG(3)V*5.B

M?%^U:*B)589D8NK541[CIA2BNWR3DH68



J89`3(ZHADJI$3U
:O3\
S[
MR!RA&4XH)\(RO*/(A;Y?K!G8A[BX3\KZH'J8%LFZOI^J$^YZAF:[F@]TSXYL
M&!A`
SOANA-&3%E7+HFR&:B^O&%3J]7

M$&

Q;HX)::Z$/E6\.!C4N\_L\^+=/:LG1F

G$.ECYFR3S-@X\T+DW4[V?RPFKO#

\3W
M+:!$.!E


M#!#RALPD0

+?+^OLI[Z=D^ZSLXBR^QS_-FP-XZ*ONS-X9VBPU@\`__3UYQFJOD[J]
M&1*V*?!.MZR0@Q$7F_3/0^H*H91@1)(
??B?RFU2(;24;5W.
Y15C[I
_TSJ

6:S\#:N*MGSG57[^
M&#__#:M^7\0[&8%*4A/





MYWE.J!NN$_J=H



M);

+0T3]
53\]N;(MOZAN=G^!]91
MJ96<T(TZ/7#O+&8IN$_D1*?8,9%?L,,*&-N?'E;&?YOUNZHEGF(?KPR(M?2
M`GP7?A@ZANW`T/)Z5K!\E_D*
6[)DOW9XS?_G37+MU
9&V:L-
^-8OQ3P42
MH\X#UMR3X!\WOP



J-^Q2YDW]0QSA3$&1$C9?KZJ_KN^M#I=6W+
77
M83_EVZ=D

M402NT?OYD*X?/KR[_A81.OZ)@AN^4K1JEC:-GT9C)S&#=+Q[F+R!TDJMM=*I




?-)E)[G1RX)FH[FKY8^FG;H`YN-$G)T'QP-;L.U*VGH#F\
M.JFJH*.(4E*FF-F9
($*&B`!G8J$DB_@90!H:Z%E6ZZE6:H=!8[?G_2WO2!J


M4J


UNE=FFS:


GT$'R;S^'54N&@6K,:-A)EPLI'&FM!J=


Y*`G)0D)

E



$Z
MG:










MQC4:5=T9FS;NSP4_8?A_+-PILP`=U/
!U$BS4S':
9B.Y01$H#L13A

M`G$`$;


MV90@/B#%ZHX*)5*-J?J*!3_'=@8T%'NOAK4L$[G+5SC-K)=EX?P/-I)18'
MHA
A)/YQO%N/Q0T
6['GRH\


7YVM4^RU6&9*]$9SU7_ZF7


GECMB^S51S&$&/0$
M@8J[\JVQ1=PTZ&WVZZ:E)M+\?4#.
*[_2)'BL5(F.&=6SV+3Z0WA@`9?-C^K
M&V[B/TLPRNU$W\5K9)S+METGQC;--ND:#Z@9@K))UD42EU@F`F^[3][JH#P@

M^#H1TJ_5=UP@N6O^]-T'90XN'X

MU)\3-G35H2L#8I



MP3B1+1KG(-X[0\()44Z'MO:ZOD&O4P5HC6\.WS$7(9+``S=D
8FJ'MV9X'


T2CJ'&`I..G@T[GM5+*
M0:O12Q

D_O']!^T'
](XBT








MS`K@X'MGG7L!*=PZW^


FD/35TV&J9_+64J\

B0+%`/*^A1J4J#[[)

M\*`AO

OX1]+IVHATX/FNXR%@^]QO+#MVN@Q'=U

/





M=E)!\V&`,O&9-ARL=A7:7^O3E*%FRWF_1A5]Y?3QNQW\33GLX0.E

MD)B


``?]$
XX+(U(IG

M&+^FVWC=$7\/'60`S_4]VT)$-
*1$322=2O@NO%.@CC%7E:MD5;L-J_K'??V
M
&GMOV5G




\)UE!8I]J:^]57A37
MR7;QM(Q_W/NA;R


=MT565U*M^HJW!P-


M-I4&%]3N71_[IFWX$+L1

?YD1/S\IMO?8!AB[#G8<)WAC@T$VN8+P#:XMD5R/UQQ


M[MMNU!Z9?-ZCUD

M33WT


L

M`L72;R?
LR)?I[23!A%(_J2-/HK%TY$R1KO'-;+T$/@.($JX(086T20T'.C9








M=\.]X6

UG$

:YR$$&&$S:4K$?B9`G

)QNBE/CW\ICY-76ZNBM%@1QXU\N=]/
MI?M^$$4``
_;F!Y&#F.0`D+.NY)S?#RI+DKK%1S6LNB!H71VUO9)VSZE

*J


;J&*Q[EJC1GIJHU5\K


M7M!L6UT



G0H/9D[E2::89/:5#S

4.+M9X^=1Y^_KY[O/I=M&6/M3
M^47WDQSQLVH+GHV?9V0\/A9O%*=FZL;2K?+T![7Z&M6_;-YB'UL<S$'T#
R
MVU@!-'G2F757K]`R8BT.8]9!\6GY6(T.J93]SXAUQ(AUV$0_'K&.M'BFCUC'

3;I?I[-77'LCW;TUW+\'7#]RPKQ(V:


M&20$_$?.AYU\U=K(A
@V#6R&INE:+NP30ZC2'?E!/\R-9HT$7`PA/;D:?J
MD!9$2C7BT/A_*OLIR`54W4T.QS)68DJ364E::R[9@)@RJ6/;]Z_YDS^/^3
M





G6.XL87E^XP#B'N0XUABB\I;H+1'
N3:'*ZF
.M
M






M'Y-&I&$A[)L^L`





ML(^1;.F#CSWY(L4(




&_M3%;\*2D7$FAEP(
.6/U



!RGC[@&ZI]+FE#LG/OU]?6CG%H:\$`8


4RFHY
BSU7M(5-UM$H?OO28$$C]O*P:


S$?#%(]'SX].%9^

=SVADI]WN+6CAHB;;9
M)8MN2G*6^^L;X1:U@``$F_557:LG!P+G#N!7!Q$:/R2#8R
1/V^OLCDYQ;
M[PE_G[[AW`SD/ML_O$.YV^4CXUB*E0D

J&DI+\H:NV/!VB079H$^295A!!
M9'L8.:UTQ;Z'+^MC2KR\DD&7)+P*TGMW:&)Q1,?TYDU%T)5R051FS*E*+
M]#`LM_=14IF5KSBTC_ZAVR5K.897=G4XM4^UKLHW[$%&Y9ETKSIVWXF*5*P


M

M3M'[?)F])G3:LIW3?_XQ^V.1+Y=)\95?G/68[*P;'-U:8FZQ-52#%S#`8%89
MZOM[0[6H00E[;%MP.\[1;:+DE#=O3-6DX58%%N9O




0\-%H5)'*=Z\[JS!=RN1
















MGT7ZDF0+G#ZD19$N2%4=)EHM;C9/:5'?:S=CRW=C&#B&;QH&L2D$OT$3^E[0

&C4@3;DC:I02
M\-D:(P
)*0^M0@JKU$Z3E5ZUO3RKR1I(5;`$_YF\L4BWNA)8;-/NH=.=@R$V


MYUU=S78=%[F.'_J$6#XR76@%3@



1CXH8D]%``@S9(I<M\CGJ_TE^M














5-^QYU

8XFX`R


2;_WF:;-S!+Y_4+AA=L*V.=
M+S

`+#$LJ9T09B6I)*Y_DM_<I1M+6'(97H[3`VU*#!%]VK+0P[
MJ,&#/QG\B6GS49KE];J_Y3Z'ABOHIYBNJR)67.L/MHSS9ZIE=TX8VR;3A@:
M)C$


M(E-Y]/+`^CK


MC+:&^G=1UV&%-V%G(`-Y1?&Q[8BVQZ`M@OM?C'XD_6B7$B/NLI1SO7[J1F




RW8A65WP
ML





;FV\W#

+

M%9ZREY\I51HJ0X_I71!$&!










MOAK'-$G6^[FG0=B7]%`+=NKUD
W?O:K7.JC'TC;-B=BP?ND8:P*NJ3?Q$_5.
M_?MUQD$I(H['1R%*+LJ76''LR]%MD[7EZMY783',IR81)9CTM'B^UYDQE:[
MUXD-CS=QI5
0







MP+45*U#*%0#.U0W_%;-*;M*^PUW[A#$)[_/')GD5Q9_%L)/OT2!-$OOP*
M'[0=(^Q!I4`XV^CRSPT$_
P\M-AG:[C%WC?6*:+U`=PET@3#2G)-JFIAG'=
M&Y-1W`YN5]H)._*J+\:JRQ
D*
$X




9-R=2$-86RAY'3
2IR<9[A+EPF8D/7D<
M.RKLUY3YTO6$#A33L'Q#LW53]Q!]!:K3%;.T\%MB.OK@-Z#H(SR^U;(Y*OHB

T]/
M:P)DR@6NB_&I=MPZ/:I28BM(G*:?8?6RDM2PCNT98.+('8]*S;4V+`MQW?

U-=AI?80#_@C8-M``EN

')
M[#`@:8

D


MR+












M+/0E'9Q@]FI`@F6#LM[FU##!

8S9:84PXSW6(\2O)3%TL
S[_)
M#TR3=IDN;29S_CAI


MI5_N?'AU0(B2]TP
6CRS'1)ABYGL=(2(EHN?RF(*/P0(V5V2KA:V;2N.'1N*



NU6BSRH^[(
MHN





M!QZ[NA8^Z/`3WT
DZ%5]9:BI*]14%T.4N5B)+0[YOV

S

M?A)M



M[FA*`2*8P%KL]2EMC1XT\$DXW`@`HI_;NESSGT0`@4`1`3:UB5R[$:76)V-
MR=A8D-I:/?!,!A.2=!VC[#,96DVG$DZ5HZL^02+A'X74K^'^PJKE[S78:7T
M'M$6.5E6].S-16-&(:A$RM!8#FFISJV8VEQJ(;QI6K#'$80M_C__C]^N&_



M

MHY9-:_8X

1RP



X6J:=5&D?

N<[5H#WH?PH5;XU!ANRJ09



M.K-I5



U)K\\QYF^1F:QC`8)=?`/`1W4C5_'];K-)MQ_-DZS


MUA&'2_1NKP

M5'5'-_38UDS/MKI;\[9E



MB_(5Q:0\@1\[C)37=*\X?BS3YXRTC$$[IVJ/M`0_TNH%EYNGW_.
UNW%/:U


M5PPGU7
F\AVOTIE$M!P$R7G/-F;7=-0C1C^W


M-'P%6O2U%WUXM^





M4G]
?
G;)K





M&YV&G




MV=TO%1

M/^)5CEZLO]&@TW-LT]




(4WVA_IA.


MUE(.BLU$[A0S



M=M(GFL_I`[2D0'-D+[`4PS


M.82*D81/



MAKOX%M]#@N(#ZAL)RD:KW4H/.#%]B'_M'

`!1@X(]#/5TH4(-B/#9]1:M

MDV_C(B0WO93Q$PZIS

M?`S%0OKOVZJC!9)DJ^@_EM9`
35M4



G\WS4Z3

M^(ZK6BX*#'5J[IO0L@9-M`IK7+`:?_
?@/LO^.UW'RR^@;OO_@_XL/CV.X#W
KL'P&ZS1_*:]QR<X2Q&G<
#'+O





MAK+IOS0DAN=EW`=R7;=S?1Q:?P/W^]5SST@$Y3'?[RH+3]GT[J/`2[Y/HR8U
M^3_P1;XZP5

4&)([CRLFPRV^




/B(&
M2$DJ?

P_#8^3_+9).D88%?
^'00(?\5`%
M@
XOOP&8EGDWLNT1VH]._:I

])&P[*V^CAM*
M#LYZ3@\?^2=-EQ\RK`I%YAE,J^\_1FBG`2]0,UQQ\+-LJ(R&SSTG!\2?%4










6DC'6S=(13F1.%);Y,L7N5WJ5J^:ZB:J;L

F'RT$/S$Z0.#-
`BF\YN@HU1_$5
MWZ4HU^OKANCG&]O384KP#7VA.98SD</!)C.FX9#M]<7.#+\V.?T-_@H
G





M
;-W.V2W







Q#67GS*DI-A]!]B7VC+2SVO:/T'O@4



MH9S.MI?1VC%T*86.F!&]Z'@;HTLJC2ZR&H?DHJ9MSPUD35)E7=)-JTUN9



'UQ[^'KWC?%
M?@^+7;?\XN:;QR0CJ
GA[:X
K0'QG8N*;


HMA*

MJNH\BC[_V6=5J?N7!'7KL-W
TM\`

SB_9KUC2






;F)+[RX7!7)
'?4Z[!B.!\F,)=F&XZW4-@*[EKX.(I@2\8,4BR*]"
M!AWJRVDB/;-GE%*@FV:BGR(MS=[YRFU%D%8)[O;OR7FJ.HBJ1JO@--V]45
MT]#:%ES;HJKR1?%8P=KHYEF9ITE$QN@9ZKY)MLHW4]_QTO%QIHLQD#:3KL.



A



R(6PD:@5;Z
W
D#A





MM&7U:W!0=V)^YD'R#!



HU=6G/
M28`8:6<<J`LDGY&&G*$@$6AX2GCJQWRZ1WT&]ZG9)=6R78%3=LQ;6A[#D2A
@'T^HOEFNFXJ[IS-=LE2B6ZY#2:\BW




A



%;(`JK


NLQIJXYLT'&[XCAN[

FF=!UIEL6D


MN`

M-KI2GQ

H9IV=PJQ4(VCI4'YJB`ZDU9

'2#=$(8$X




M*BP;747!1XS?\9/3WA=W3W%/YI'-SZ3(^)=1I6V8;^CU[A^)9LF\O$R/`-


MP1







/T#80B



M[W0@X.=#D60EK2G



M-XUW



0FXVXB4Z3B387V%TTK

]F6:T:#Z
L51,2(+C@O+O\MZXS.*=[F-@&ST
M:MN_DQ[E+TF:K6*H!9&'XBAT_1!Y,/!U





D6=$@KZHM+8




C




MQK='S0T9\R8S!712@EV;E-[73*M]4=\@/@+P/^`_N@JMYD(PW3\DU&J=@.@X

M


'KAEH;)KT&R2#$







24DU_TB^\V70_H^#?!4-


GI+

MSQ4Q05&*-\=:.P#7]?6]KB\1U?

_O@3.`R[?C
M-;@.-*MOUGTD+/F1LN0U(.I-?'OK/%9'V$\RR`NYBR7+FES)3.3D



;:I8?&#$M;`]A?XG5M5ECQ++%JDXD



M=F9^(X?Q#.=)F(N5\*,D0'IYFB?4G3)Z5*RK38W.=5]B6_NS\F:=NP;
?3
M5
V.8\\W=3UTS?[VO&/8I`U

+
P-



M1GDG)8Y

M!&N/0#A.TSQ8+\_+7-H#(0N.G'EQNN4]7';%77ZSRUXG7A+3#T
O-!+5C'W/



M.1EO;X@#?-+`+((U99I\_3`36YY%X&:S0
)@GS84I*B

M@DSGKY]NCQ[G./\VQW6L6DZH:;X=6H;O:9Z51+TJGD.6&)(I7[*A:=XI8JH







W$TVW0]W3

:W7(01XW


V4S04:?&


(LDD'SFA


MW6]P'N1Y*?P
A.

62






WXAL3;


1@JK^=(M_

M9WP&&L$(LD*1\*X[STH/0\.QZO8P.(H&]O-


M680_;1)6T*Y4^QU6M/G*NZR`!F8'O_HA+_*J1L;F*6O4N&CUZ!1M=(
C?DA1
M:UGX]_`7:8'ZS&8E$G`$U39#7641[C]CA1[2YWY



4=;B=2@.Y_W]?9
M0X4BY1VHT
%-IXP6J:9E)ZJK^I8;N*9K^*ZF1:ZGJ:JG)5

ME
##(UR@4)5;?(/CE$;(F4;OBC9A[3?4Y^DZT6
]
$
OM&(S-!W71X\0M=KH



S[1D.1S;NZC&-?7G?



_1Q^/T/?$Z)
8)=/B
NVTL$V;C`E0;^\
M%90U



$/(YLM4+[YJ`7[BRR3-;Q#$IGG`D1
MV*[$K1`R%!^Z8G94&WP$XTW;0UU30LS?)-+X[ZPYC$,L*I-C)BARSJ99)

E!#?/!]T/H)N5-=J&SJ_
M6/MW$-NTK.__WJ=_-6]DU]6^2!]R+M_W-3#C+B\'@
M[NCS*`Q%KB)PGOMVG
M.5PDVR
Q2:`%INXDFA;K`9R_T%*[RW^)'\931U*L7RN/*SIUV-F#2=BOI.






_9AJ5Y5F@&GMZ;&<MV2;OP
M\XB03?Z?_^A\4JR<TFK'PF,\0$Y;@)DPI+0!*X&/W!#,!.;*0BRIZQ
(6=_








^%&9QA/0
9@[GBP([9E
V'(:JB.NEBDA^[/+_V.

M%LL(GK_!#[:EQHX*;85A^69HQW&8A)$;'RX-FAH=@[
(F(6_H9/4D`YD'Z0;


M

M


AY2Z48UB'









MBB(
5MRFJV%F@(RRRN6`5C@S6N2E*#.@)O;.\C:KT_]C[TJ:X[:U]5_A+G:5

M$G'P`?C.@'

M=.^YFA.8C@8B/U!55_?ML



MEX^Q]3F3'[NU5H?9^AZ`.H2J#P/-MZ!KFJJG-@




_9G%VQ&H*76_OWQL0K#4UEU7/D*6#`NH2CD_ETRWJ8[J7(R^

_KZ
M'\@PO


2(*=%N2=_8/<EDZ.R.5T*N2/D%1)
MHHEI)LFZ334ASLWO=#WS(GU.,Y)GTB1/=K]-_+D\*'?Q`VU*CL32]'^EQB-


M)KT'1IAH/O:A8'=4T


TF
MRT5*Q(*^U6@2RX^8GDX2
(QD9J[$4[9(/N*[Y[6$I$L(%I'=AAX
Z56W9$PT

M%\\TWJ;@I`$E+M+RH&)YE9;;O

+X30

M@ZA=T]THIAGM^8_J.VU[H_I7.X





S7Z:H9F.:_


#R4[8

L*5_])$C%50



=&F+



M[=$O;(JEYVN7-?






M_

%-TTC
?I1



M?0;@=I6;QX&

M@;N7

2/)


M!=EM4Q_!Z.?K.
3C;HN45-HMRVX((O/V99HE99
3&EI0-4PD@6L'*E0UW$ZM
MR9`&UUXMDC.HO
.'A56PM$I'7`7+JQP$@#/EL1*YA\TF8QF8C;F)EZ.GE;=$

M+\O]5-')%S0\?N:R7+B&APG`KKCZ]#S`M6UFG#KSMVK^3W84/R'-[!A754



MVZASQ#2#44B57TT;Q0BV)67L00R$A^LI'CI#E^R*2U6#V&Y1)##4%Q+EPT

M!/R0[^*UDB6[QGL6[CQ?1U24TRP4S!&=Y=EYR(
\8^95F`E!BIP1MR?

MJEZQXWWSNP]P;`0F&S



M=&RT

X7D89JOY#&K



)THS@&^5PCM.YOM*6BUF53+-)

M;-;VP8)&DZUX5KA._BDE%XAM\G-
A&
OH!
%[675
0VJ`Z]N;YHDYO:.!$X$

M\_1%AJ(GE


M5[O]F



MD=SAQQJ*W=L=.L

MUH`?;U/





#6*
H)U5YNMT%6
3Y/*?D\MDY0/2[K&R






QY=PQ9K;^)\%:O/T?U].H6N16M1CXACI?

MQ#B2SWDEG[*-TQ5^B`CI;?2;+UB%(_6[1I)^0E_=D)MSGG#K4'09(MDC`LL;

M)`FR34N

!




M\3




G



M2B'[
C61):+[:^)#H]'H_OF7=8.LV^NOWZ_1-4B_WUDI`#=_?K^[_O[5^G'S


M06Q[/V]*VEZQV[4/)TN'&ES37\Q7^*/1:S#JM;TA$)%+'66S6%5X+UY\L5H1
M[_&GF[I:%
L=J4'Q
/H*?FI-X@352[EL]^O/I(;!]FE.^G`7UKK:%OUMDX-=




81`'@.A-5
Z)FYQ`+9!4/#\5BVS)4@66NB4^R+$D


1VK8R7Z[C'!-V)';=:Z`W9=2M6JM+YMG(GHK\;
M\&M=-?M1T\`+8Y+AXH
`+TT\8G<J-=@
ME


K4*H'L#/0A'YV]?\*87LG
-KPYLD=DC



M;/MVTBQVS1:/6.
O-Y)UO81?X









23N9QL(QSZE!)E)RHA5*FH5$









OPL'+0%?/M2#XC2'4D#S=YBF!M-$D*

')%$(LA`E@T001DJB




8OGQ\I0]3'8FJ%R*L0R`Q
)84MH91

N
T=&6\QPR]..GI

5@TBH8_%-/1H7OV


M-G=^(O#XEB2#FA8(]2A0`*HAOKL*32KE;QR[UWY\L-O=_;^+Q?:N^D9ZS]-E



HXX?KZQ.=FM;62/IB?^X
MP_);1`'K+Z


P47^^Q--G5=`+^76QP5^E]1:(4_ZA61+V[HG1R-_N









E!X&?[2GE)GKGBK@_[&!.Z/_MU1FH!
MY\!/Q/71`YT:]X?(9E'AY'P@#@AE_`]4(KY0I\_DS3?X@O^K_7F7@/73:8
MZ?'V'M&^^WZ%^OS9\7NT(`'LTO$CZ1;I&`&B==(U%8F-VC8:2?!5&8UK?#

M6_F\F2]HEBDYG





M_UIO




IJ








)DH/
D)
2




M





2Y(Y]=K_
`UE7^^TD_GS(;1QN8Z;#(EF5^ROHH(T&JIG-=Z



MO^[2_X:WYO

LR'0L5?=6PKL+3)TXZTFX5-OHRR2!\


QL?7/G;MPCG#MS





M+!A=;$4S@@W/H

=X%3ND=A2#*/3M`'EA
M[D?ND







M)_7]+(J3(1+IN&G
PV2R8VFF

M[8^Z6NY([?QR^YJNE[?;NI@_XZ_2^Q'EEM3.?RF:['7_CZZ\KAL&-O+#

]R




M5L$T

\D(71)J=M1`*
M

M._@2L!3@=O&]I4Z*6_+XVPZF.+(S(TM!R
NB8'Z@9T&*%^!G
4\284HB7*W0



KM$U3\:$T4-R.PSNR
M4OQD


MJ21
&

M1J(E?R4([8KM`0[71K_R'I`:$#P:L;O'M)*2+('?E


?:0IP*41\N@97!&;+E^$*X;(0^B*P
M-J)X(7=+QFT9P&+A.JT/9;+1(UD/-
?P;%W3=%/V?





MX*4N6U
+C.[V




I22E0#L
+-H;IN69DJC!P


M4#$=2_5TVR15(J%A*[


^FX<0QZ0/`'#&7Y-Q.*V_)3O
MR^3O`YRU:


&R+;S19JPO[2[




W8#;EK/^4;J
M&)(P1QRRJVS099=Q%0XLKRPL/::+)6?'8$9L&4*\TIB7^+YGI'8Y2#XT=8&
M)97O'N/\+GDUC`N7X^?W!G
Z@LVEY#ZASS]!Z[-:#MD?TOJ36`%P!QZMN\:
M@:E;;JCH3DNB)?O^.

MJ+.D%JRI&&)R05DM@?Q*]-4BK!?+OWB
6_H@!RAVL'$UQXI4S_`577&=P)0#

M!4(
@%-T[/%T'A+J`T2MCTU(HJD[
MR`='L1R<,7BV8G2VWJ;V;E`7X?-SEF[APVZ`+@2^`7A8C#L:`4U9_-*T3[XD
M)9YLT,1`[E]1`^))C2CM\,.[-DW6/A?W$S+:<UO/65VE_[<B\5ST(E=$)[=)
M#:?2IUH4!:JAF%IHZK9M:G9DD0)07;983E:B)458N*:GC-DXB,)F0LQF$G@


M4]9

.LWSENA++FV8IF
P`-TK<$$BGHW9
M1*+V1^_K2W






(O`*8\3H`R_GZ]N-'

2253A]%J`Z)4Q(F`N)L$$=9V0%V=Q0
M]`)H
@OB\VKTD8M@*:QPD-S77Y-G\&(\QE6RW_`@




T[0)+6KB^+*$

MGT/YB@







MDK

\?^`T
M7E=?J
T$#QH*ATW8:2[FFGIOJO+GJWZOF*1

M=?;O\U7R'G


6MCU@&N:


M63R8XGM*!J6P8PM?^]6NNZ+I`9X[?T#X8;F:=U_S.9EHHO!!N


M@B[4RKHXTZK@-\!3#0^5+,T%ZW*/;._A*Z*GNUY.%-,O]A6[Y\83'.B\7?



5B$PPJ

H@&SI3P*R&Z'YMLG2W
M^U[8_7
:WX




MRMS7+B$%R`\;\J4^_=1CR!@@=#T'O09P9M=#'0V
2P@L=^N&A78:G%AXZ&.]

MS[6;OIH_H(ZX$T86-H^.^;L?
\)J9=1?!




%.LP=GM;]@Q7U&
A?T


JE43@A!_-
:F-A^4PW.B6*U.2R88Z/C&$-&



]

8US;V#E=#YF(]O

MI*L6KYHV


$/]
M/9H==LS36!_&$-`:H:]X%1.P?@
J/\?/57*[=Y^?LW0+YRU]J^/Z4(
_?4Z?
M4MP.5&V4-$C159T0PL]Q;+UP&M$+YBVDQ





M[&5EU`13[D0(RMCT+TE'TS!\/_Q7!;=/26E]%M1`I?:!?\3`-TURO+,XTR
MC$/FAA=:_'



9YL?@KR*CQT;$LUX@4Q;:MR%0C4XX\
MLNDR]#V_:7P







MHV5SR1FG)4DT6LU=LCWP3-?`'L4(G1#J3I?J)$G@/D9$`;R@6ZAPV@!E4_

2B_
N&?O3




[=


*TBE?8A,\*VHDL:=IOATX/FD6.E'L)U&+1(L]3XG









M.\(UE

WT\TVXCB
MR((06EJG?B3])F.VG$%M*)8C@@WLP8$6'7MFEV$



3NI$AH`%%/?2&FH-E
MP1MI-00/NI.A435[#L]^!=U1Q'/ES
_K1+;Z

MOI/2H%^R[39'5^6W`J([DH_WJB2'H2NLFR]1435E.+(\_U9L0Q053ZA$RWD8
M6DD

]?:!VC9=U=ND'+VA[C7\)=WI=/2TGE(X[PPY'L
M?'+%.S$3\\KN
XAKZU+\H.X`EACPK0!-'\C?NEX`VHVZ%M(S[@BM5H?-U_1E
M6L9C7HQ/S(A2%N_Y?N:2O]:S]U.V!B_D0=]O]!_;`F28BPP]H:JK1XA7--2Z
^V]^77<;2HZ22W


MOO;YK^S^82BJ.+!#PW:@Y211:

3
M1J;A6)YEPP1V31N1R942549[HTF+XG=O`QCG5*21R!:2*+RLZL&;@08@:!'.

ME?6]Q:+(R20LTSS[W_I9Y:8LGK*J=J'%.G_I3]/V\N&/M
S(525H*]V#NU)
M_8E,Y=\&'5`P#8G#)Q)R1]/YCR`D]Z=0-.TX(C/1?9J_B@/M-B:.%R2NH05N
M/58U\+8]*
N:AV[9-:(2_$65$=2$F2O8YPYHN4&$'?2T8W$&9]W.T`7TQ&$
M3.;8XP?'85#





MJ%`VIME]T0TY$K\F87'?=N0UZ]5=DR@FP)O;)Q31433W--W4]1@ZL:U;26R9
MOM

[

L4_]*!1H17]5(LS+N#&MNXPS93
]##.^O[MAKS#'2H
MSVL&T7W6V.:0LN5:'YA]3?A'.^

MR04-87=R+F=09XZZF.$4#8D+^5Z'E)(0T/I\$NVRK;7`_+];9]T6^;EF%;




NI5LUS*)


[BR?=\8@$

M@IYSJ5#YA*IYE




MXH:.F1B6%;J.XYBNW\7QQ;'N


.7Z(B
MSQ%]O!2F);EO(8^9[DM$ATTU]V




U1]0UN
H(D5Z.Z_
M#%M/3
^&&%&B:7&B$V]L&D;H!GJHZUSE?]0@4.P*.]!XGN8DG(*WY(\BWM_W
M;].AG






8%]L#`7P0:H-C&/Y`^SM.[



?G/]H@+AX5'M2`IXDF$O)5F?RT?RX72+
M?Q


Q6*Q*\E3C_0.]Y2VUT0.@.H!
MX1WZ$C












M'`.'880J$!ZSUC*Y'K4CZZ[%.KV`!6)P@`PX9MF=FV(J)&WGXPHM:R!.BU

O&H8%BB_@6BA%T<.3694N![2*9
MZX$]AI&*7.4OY[9W?




7&^ZWZ72Y9ZY<]@'Z1-XEZ*/J$X'W(`Q.

M%+2SU2-I7\XRUR!!@9)?62]POC?#@H+QC'%[79ZJME1/R$0


MT7BUS[?K6YD5*B!@@0
N\)

MLQI;NEYMV!YP^P:2@X++'MPO%0


M3TZH(''\A(
2*3*E



C!


-JAW?
M!NH0*M





Z?5H]K&FQ#V_NS47*
ME*#`L8P(&R1P;=?$R#'
967Q



P7OIL5VX/90*Y3S

MR7#4!AH01Z8?$Q9BVYZ%+6(AOQK
C(Q6K5C[C3!8J'N(&(I0`_RUVCWS\FWZ
M*+8D8






5J]ABY.!G86#3$NPT4T`*OW#%U(O6R'T$EB-7Z@
MN[)UF_^K])7]G&W?Y@'&L6MYH6&%B+'BH!#7-\MB@T@5FVD'H]GT5T`&VRM(


MYC1





JU*PC[B]:`I1/\
TC`D/3PJ[K
M&IX7^*9K!UZ%!YEQ/-]ENV2M/-27`R%ETFN\[2M6^9\PE18].I)#?%^\&
H0






8@4E8I)2CJFS4
+ZJ





/?AM-?3M\-F69#SR`
:N:5D*7:[@_-DV9'
M\*$$'_S]B&?XQPPPJ2;K'UHPHJ%DOQ_S%^=!E`JOJ+A?!04:?
SW+%O^M5JO
M0U%'


M3VEY!^S]

\

L@U'

$'THK
M


MPZC2CV*+(
=T


MF/[K(?/_HKR5
UV&KW2;/-':)OR1T\?]^GKU2.?(=SV77QLUX\@(?!N[3IW%

#-G-P/3H43.




Z3MFT
C5IA]Q8@0
[Y$]*[WTHUYG%2W*_

*57.[K)YT$4V\CU
7/J
!#/
G

FN0?$!/'

W9O8D.[$1Y3M



M=53HM'4J9V#==LO??/O&'U2D_V3_]Y]`Z_5ODN!VS2@]WS*@=T+4X6_PF^

Y&H7:'#\QHU*83

!R9U6K!A*LV(1&QDPT?
4
8.
M]LK@EV&`CB%UV*=T8


:LX]N0WB-`U86%(X6#LJH\D0

MT


FUAQ1(CAXR`F
:5K
M,:,2&CQA177P,!$CJD6T3/\TE@T_/P]'LDVR2N?0,W$4^HYEF9X'36)&450-
MZ,=Q+!5K=AY%=V!YW`P6X&0-80]=M@PC!U&C9,S848-Z@L.O%'0J$NRMU(E8
M+`6?(SQ%*FF3<[NM_UNGZQO

MT+`#


Z.#J[A;;O2.OK#?4O[^.Z]5VYR?S.+#
M5;I8[Y?
?Z5
M`FI^OI4SOU;37]CY--N6S2
F[H]%\X_R\*HY!$)@NY%KH\1Q`N3`U`Z&YKS(










M-#O'XS/:T%M\A^I;F33ENCI\+';%(V:^OGD0YS8


\'-NX7+BK305JY*


\+1@2K.XINMNBVNPV

G
M^:FMWG0+VVZ]
+Y[S=C935]\;@K'(D+#IRJ3J$P&O6-4#GU4R%WPZD54]DN)

('3R_:E:/6$VF*Z.]

RB!?Q^*3!M
MD%I])/\Q1[E



;1`+Z

M'D(1))U\*UERQQX*#7X6N#!@-0ZQLPI.7]86)68F=Q'B
$4VA'J9.G(`O'



M#A(OLF-G3/F1V:Q;_@8M


M4]%:LB#$$BJC'VI5&D.TY*&H&NM;L3F6W23J?)?O;T*]?/CM_.ZIW*RO3-\4
M2]19H%D%2BY*2Y0G28^NB9

;*(9F?

'V'9BP\0&:81UVDGC)


/<8I#Z&8)W*\&_RO:8#C`]$.TU[7L[Y5.K3G4]UOV:'O1;-N

KE2(N51A3J




M0
<TNM_EZT2/U]9W6.

,]SP$;0'_#OI1M7<^3!PWR3T/XEDL1!W`W=H)`L!4ZX5

&]L6#WR,@!_"-D(0<^.(W=LD!P[$-IXX&Y%]PH$O5[?
M621\5(L?.LZ%=JVHB:Z)3Y!C*,.F=\GZ-4`LJ\OHZ$\A0X<FG-5A(:IF*0
M;]LBA.=$4=2WB5+/C]S`1\CW@QPZ00K\6BMF[*F`9%O2#
%$4N&]XA8QE'*

G5L&*_;^IOI+;6





M53



M+[L2-I8


M9TI7(MF$9DF;F-:MR%A'8AP[.TK!=U.;3'')S\70!/0%BGTF.7#%(I*5@\O
MY[A-T3Q

]:V[ZQ]4VV+IMK0
M\CK[^K@CF7%W1_S
8U-_/SS14N)%LZMVCRU)%]`'N&ZL$E-HO:U6^OJA^KP
MGU;V\@.2(6!78@/P;V&+=X_#Y]T,G:2:VY1MYR3-*-!GTUT5^XKF'VB[Z2+&
MR;H_MM4./RRE@%??E[D5/23^75


MQY9=$F]^69+%D5F9#.(I+4X8R?*?Q^KPW(O3OK^?/




Y?;NU8`OLI]O/`C2^K5_\RX(RMBK3?]V7ZZJAVK5[_63
MK)S3MJQ54^$WMRI4;:F+JYNN\

9-
=CG('00;%G
M1XX;(AC&_BDGEP




D]JY7U-:#F[JS)&!]2.WS7CX(TB%(@APY
MT!EUQ
^9BB

M:@_]
.Y+)JVQ[Q/L$/,5TODKV%AI'1A-!=([N*^
M7*%Y28!$=^A;0XY=S(WCB

W?SM\Y0-Z3DB%%X?FBH(_H2M&H+G1%2*X/4AJRXA6DM.01?DB#0!^LQP

M.1YS!+;;.Q5(/KQA):(-6L^25X8C!Y
^QWY*\1S=E._BG%:7+0BVB&
=05






B4#](_?2WI)
ML)MY.'=.`K(XMAW@Q4Z&!WHPM

<&LU;UDZ<B88.A1%)N8_N[9(^:Y*

[EM:F.W.17A:%*#0
M3E`(0H3L/!P/YD+H


XD(UKS[^7F_PUVRJPS
U/;.1X[LNC-
\`784H3`)


M7UDR12$Q(9I2X9I'-G^KVG_D35E^V&&U*-L#-1SDGNWZ*$N=&
$HC?
T3$?#


6HX=A-B(]S



M;)Q0Y&Z
C*Q@5NGF26Q&UO\M/[:]9WLDRUWS?U-S)
KZW[TJJP?.%_D%PQ
MV
?VH6P:\K

MOO/+.CFV#!T0#XR.M2KI3K!LM3$!@*JU*$6AF.GP_EV8@Q`DD1O%01KD*/-=


M(XTPW/E@6OZ9T/AX7W85X=3WD5_^UH:G8+G
D:B+.#7-%)A6&@91X/O`=()N
C-S`I<O+?;]O1(2KOT$LGM0C!`/SBCE5+*K=*_2
MTY
TONAI*L_/\+8=Q\
'.]RHXL7461#&1Q36IA+F(W_;UU6-'E;DYVFT;^%:





30R_V;;4[7Z!C=9




+\J^`8Z'E/[P/+/S$]R+#+W0=N
D2`/?.R1EFK8[A*FH

W6C91I]/C*$3!)'S1]:J

MGDK205CK)&_&E/829B3FNHZUNO#L5HX&5R2?]0@8


WJD?

.)!

+2L=
MHH\8[*
5$/?-_-!0
MMG7Y\QW^5I[&<+Y!G!T)<7=3DC])G]/L$3WN31HE?AG^WSZO7_M/+<W,Q!W.
M*JU!^7\





.QN7UPS

!0/
M)\@*&W-W?


OAM:LQC_G

M
`




7`#SP1!%'7=DAP=.
-H



B^
3&@')I

01

F'/VFI?DL_B%R!I08)^VC654NB9H`25DL:&H6)T]REJB0EQ22R)'@$D
M!6+H

M9`?
*
I=/T*D:!++[`FY93;+;I%$T%K&)E7@7K4CZD=]Z@DUB]'A.\WRDI:H





MPTB1R]NR\.

4=#?O&GBLF8JI-N

KH!;H*G.7;^*



$/$(NLY2MFVJ$4IFK17G:/+_G#KI6PDG
M



;W;8MW.BM;



MLU+3!J[NIWYDZVGB6\#NYLKK?N0J08*F,Z9%W72'KP;H`@34*(9
[$&QSL




:_HMLJ
M7)WNI0KSQS.@DD$IK\'VK;/


M#**.X%%YO+`A]A)3


*=O;G6:6A.TC\PB@:\P0<F-DC=VZ<*)JC`VG;O=L&CET/,\/
M+


7]4T*=YOFCWJV.?J=0DK?W:*OLK,
MC#FD0-S-F%&*77979VG&)4KVSRFS%3

S$H\`1V1!K3W



MJ*N:M5/`O:$'$R'E\Z4+7.E`E)Z15DHRI;&8$$V5.
)!':Z$E52#+(V%@RRV


M8A/B[_1I]\--]JH]-'


MBO_UF&_1FN4(A$B\_1K!$/Y80EQG6L(51+_%')'((*E1R16&%9#SQAIB





6135R\?DSD&^XWK;*
M:_CW8HW[O%`QR:_:.[P0(AT@,IV_2)+0<V,]NS8T=W43A*WDSXU0$G;`5
M67WF0CU7I[76J-WF((




-TVPW<O94VF_!`6Y<\V-/K[L
126K5



@MT7;@4AGBL.^VE$5G+J
S'U3#8RZV*
M]3HK*QSII1Y/6


-R2]





+
;IR8!8

MMN/'+SB830+#4
]B_%D&!\M=
W[GX.&10SUZY@:=\L\QBS_)PV`@
*8/(]$U
M8P(Q5E






M2NH&]06NLEW$1:0/Z9J
\@RHG$3*+F0_)C_R+-^/.]_AA?V\SY!NM/F]B7R5




D%)A:/.Y

M=\=IQMX]57=0RC(G(]`]VU-Z?`0;=EY._#*E[++*+E6C$2]-LS3[)'L&R0^R
MLR/?7GEL*L
LZ9C6@)(S


M\3_M7[V]:XM`Y$6Z)9LUNE%K_,_Z5!1T$T<WYH<B)3^IR_TGFTU:76E+-G^=
MZ$-G]OOI_ID!97K!J0/Y&//OY+UU`QYG^SJ0A48'UD'];.W\F[`8_*=24;&
MS/^JDG'=$6VOX\`]SL@/CZ


)2.#-R\U1:5
M46*%RTYU*088[%S??*W0B`PJF:_VLE92IV4`K&=X=@HC+:1VBE(5\^GFO#_






5(KB\8S6
)G+`JH;C+

K?W`J&V`I)YVOI?F
?QSOGO#N._X]









3$

F6CO-!H9
MI?+(V&0\W%-%*DV;8

MQY$=_DYLQO9FAQ-O_9F)33M)O*+`JA-&+#=G0I9*HXF#%EZ;3AJV*+#ML
#E

?PV


J:'0&$M&
MO.-

M^(R/1Q*A(=8PA?Z@'CUPH6T[T/1UTPIL`\8QM)K1;=\33BY)&%(Q1=5B@4ZN

#.H`#JOVE/M.3I#5

%/@+X+EA9V`$I

M/ORC=@U3T(@MC0=]J1'7CP%:9&I8AW^(3Q8HSB%)LK9'/+5YI[SCUNH&


SM[H\N&
&NN%ZOFXYFA^9




M;9?JKB575H5LY/@89!K0Q*BDJ:%Q]OQQZEXC;^%S@5_&8[H0HI&@R
_-121!
M








.R93@-O*P;+YF;V^A(W!^)@SH0BAHO!Y7SM


M8%W+2^NS
(&%&Y[+QIR/Q.:$6_`^28UT(RIH9+VIN&X949@@GA?84)5E%D*2

]U;&2C7O@H]$QRW$C3Q72?!N\\

3ES!WAA\%T)FDI1Y



W*@.`?Y+O$SX]'\LO;(-\?



KTP`&

BV;)ZRZQK7P$.1;XYT9)#]\^LX%`W

3ENL\V)#D]K++`Q[4`W'*23
:PX@C[9
M;_A6
Z9N:EQ5#*0
I-C!=`+2WA354NQD'








A^
ML*02




WGPF9Y5RPMKMT@[AT((D]FL!&@


M6C\S2([5(5ERO\

KVN.MNH\+T]UTOM

MZVHH

M\AOQZP*HK0)OO!D&;SPZ%MZ#3V

#44
MO8G.DI
@;AN63:6DZAF[J=CMP%'(]B)$WFF(__B7#']@3EW52/I)]`1.7









M5[JKZZICJ$$86K;OV3[4G&I-3T&L4YCZ+S2P[@!1@\0J5=
EP!0`\9LAY[#H
M]E
Z
]`DK\PN#@HG^W6Q06$5?T6\2C!B)QK\^92LGTAKP=-=3@9W%VP=I[\6
M=[OZW=)Z[D+5[$`3Y^/J0ETSCN3T(@/LW.Y_?HWW3]GF..XI7T'H!J%F
M&2&MJEHFJ[XM=/J&K;-%X)V745Z1%D0!@K*0(.T@5VHPUN%)](9V(2]6;
MC4SL3NN?\D%9OJ^;JVPJG-1E#_=1



CD7

1/(VV5K)AI`CIO_]_LC

E/ZSR-UDN^=LAU]3L,%D
M<I<=(&.+6
C'34^`T/(`4=ZQLK/G$.E)2_3\2)Y&/Z\?J5J`W(
R*Y6YY
MNZ-GVS_==/


MO'F
PP-^2^D]PF]DN

\U_1

5GWR;WBL
M'7T$K299?5$JP0
A$[]7E$@RH*2FDCW-)0K=-[.+(P#+I\


_M



MD^Y$=



MT79]V!8J)]MNPVSW9[3;K'S#
&&H!L3KU'W'1V2J2\OJ)@!5]GSJ(1*S\4W
M::PF:MS'CTF:TC'2Z0;$*9TH?1_AWUQ39?$E_HX%LO&_'1P!JWC(I].
_QD






M%-]T0Q-IM@
MP[5MZ!QO\89




^%8=IF`E=+P@50Q`.4X_

MF6TW_H%\JASSB#Q5#S3?]C#EJFIXH:OZ%?U(-YCN&$V.Z.'=.$PAV%`2J7(E
MLWTG8G7Y)3ZNYR95V$

M1[Z




]L!
L/@6*`QKJ7ED^?@-E6:*=B/6O^9NZ
M;1M
W4PVY32


'Y@:YP^Q@O2B#9YP#3'Q!RO
M0JA"VH.U$S;HT0*1JLB-9T@ZG-_C0HE5V;G.WBY#$%A%Y
T$^P)[(O:FM&


!SK239S=
M
H/_BZ;J+PA



B&,1/Y&W73!3





MJ593+)6I6K?G$K)K
H*KZS^Y6W@@\!=7%]=_\ZKF;IQZ:2!D-3Q?5_;8K
MBL:;['0.F1;=TQ/*B2B=OER\FO4D`!1V5VB]/GP[THH.A$&^V#/N_B)-%?]
M'E^EZ^Q;-7(*ZH:O^'Z(#

MV\_!`N#XZV81?`ZNEU=_!.#J&G\?@`]?YLOE;[P.E#CH&9VI45#G=*R.-()B
MXM0)E:`@LYPD

:?X0X_5Q*MR354Q0]51+=?VD!=Z

WMH?+SI0W#I7&

P/+

]K+&)&S



\TW*U\+

MF/9)




M.




)6-*=]?W-4-7_8)4)N4]+FDCAD[K$@<G2U='=_.\AW]
6
MR+?9A3K!\\2XY
0T+^C''\W2-%Z3GY/6)S31E]-GK13551UH*R8*`P]+!!I!




'
3A=$5.^+J1`'O=;TYGEU&V]
M^DY*WR9G?*=)[<[QNTY.(ML@NJ#NQ'



*2J@II%U=
M5M`.#?Q^^(;AZZJJ*89R;/YI08?K:JFX524;IZ+G482#X.^81N:1
Q+0%6==
MQ`


M=8-Q(@JI(_$O.[;T@(!9L?C8A]C$Z29O7(]%4?ZT\@(SP!K
@981^)ZAZ)Y9
M%SJJAAFNTOB1G^Q:9G.RS]($[Q@C0I8GY/:LK`AV?L55$U`_[]WVQ-U?X;

LGEJ=
XC[MT]&`9HNJTF24D;YS^Z=LLU)LJ%B6

MQ


'1^Y
MIEG7R9N8%LX^V

)
MV[
B69Y\)J)#)3+8EO5`5+L=JED#'




V@(#-7UE
M5?%GJP=7&($I+H:'`

]^[E8
V-B.M'0/?_2`


M;O.
J&1ZU?]-<SN=<6`G




UXQM'T'3V*N6


ML:EV`F+E9MVK




IXQGJ[GS*;;A[3$EASWO#GI6UFKAL_[G
;_F(-
MYW[1FV1(]UT2


MV*3;


M+$38X3R8T$2

O-@\$#*TW)6B:B0)(07^_ZI1N/K\7G=97UWY/
M\[1










MD2]TI5G6AF;]B:Z__/EV7:I;@;C)E=
@';R.5Z$6U85UJ$4AH$2B;
Y4BX2;

+BSX?[!W03L1-YIERU

E
]%'38TK
MIGBK56AIJ]]'2`XY(Q:8.I2F%UKLU
.V*+8]G!LQQ.*R]%0;.^'K((KAA6

H.O'+O9\!U'?E'[=
M&XX-7RA2:KPUS;K5`@0]A()ZI8!0/M&:EDLQY3I!XXSTZT/F!D1

M#2ITO:#\V6.C=+6KDS]6K
)RB^#(K$]\#T&790@T+




#2

M:TMW+






)&O3]2UT`9SSG4_7-1;A_2


F31PL0W0TPBPR&$;BV


Q51ND=T8ZQTOE@.HI
M[XV9:*#Z=AU7A-!!'']]Z:)8_9VM63''ZWQ+W]Z
KE915:7'N_T.L5T8^Z$=
MT_6IYQ
2A.$^K


A/]U-&R]Z6X=9$GD.=FL\F:`SL6





MGD-0Z!3-+*:5#=&M?PJC

M2BP2JFZBS*CNK?\&9V\GZRU4T)9D;J8VT;



NB59J4+



M\2T%='



M\
.M.1*4SE)Y9-HQJ#_2Q/#L_B$6#I:NF!O

M6S'V?(.@SA8V7:Z$[*

:%:?%AA84V1-:L


-7-#B?=L)Y_I`



416:,4!BZDACUCOY-BD'


MLQ9[

M_$P-H%#\K`)()?$S#:Q\\;/'&C^S8K8\?N;28CQ^Y@.%AI_;IC0R:MN59L#(
ML0&(`\_R0E^';ZRFWDTC8C\'SU9#54LA3H.80+IHODJQHA]BJI=@2'@VFY

L2*@S4^M0M(74F8.

MP/


/3UJK?+
M1:)?E$G8O


317G8`TYFN_G=Y72J
M%M
O#2%'K`

I3H2X#`^*1#T'G.`MQU&*`_B%2<R@&P7^
NL;_S@


MO


LS9G)5.TMER8=/O9&BV]WM0A1]AU-L$/9
M2F%B*?SVH)4!7-L%#@01;DJ




^S

'.MATT!_RR





M&(YI`5./H&6%EME5@A+7C%GJ
VS?/$5IYHHL'C[GP`
676%&'4X\-9F(T`L7

`363!.3.O2%.CD#O+&+DF.%1HB*JZW\=\BK'?NL6S;;'M
IN
MRWR=P2U!.


M/61P\[^':H_I[?


!U@^



@+C


_6.ZUWZD

]KR4\B&(W=W[#0!T\
Q,<TP;JI1HHY4E:/%%XBRHG8YCAQ2=#A,%()D_BA0
M3/QSLQ@C.&^9
_I*PDC/]^?ME$D1/I#G!T-S),8+BZT1W0-0,K88GAN`=1
MS*Q(KJ;#!!?]NXM$

M!M4%Y;+'5
R61#M(I+A%LHNI^E(\S1[IDV=I4//0Y_3H[(G+4%[CH+G%#G

VO;+[_$GLR;4+

M4U1.W
!.F$Y&B8^FV
?T1-(VC4Q5;]7V3A22-2L4?G.AS1-UJP9:
-CN@][*

0`2T=JDV/*QFN]]GTBH-:3<&(Z




MH?8JUF
C\!+TW:YA`MNR_





G$5



MA=B&N.:P)@(3IJB;+JM'1/LU832_NZ^UR=$?I]IOL7V9&T\D&H7RL:$N0S
MV+B`Q






MJE1[
3R\9[9&CU/JQ:IH1)<1\IW)A@Q7[R[-EGR'^6[+XB5':XV\
MS+0MJD/9O9G6/\3W5#_:A'ZS&5R[VCO<(+XK=L._?E\_D9:B+^^O:_0G_SJD
MV_S^]8TUCJ^&+,I]?44PEJG#T.VQ^'O\UV*8DZ4O#P7]4&#:^WK8WZBRZ9`
MNNT*?







5

QOI6A'7QA*@+#5O5E(;^G;W'I/-&


U[Z;4U_'4#VSMSY%$OWB7OJ\?
]__DK+;]'/WZ]P@^RX%$W]=M<Y!-X



-T=5L7'/9^S/ZK:F6Q]M/
M852&2&YA]N2/Y


M$P5-:[3`#[A
N_F



KBNP=C*.8_UZ?I`%V]X_A@'*:0=-6I+5MB$1Z4T
MHI5VHE83[-2AT'NF2$=).ZH*$XWTLLXZ(Q;2#LO!L6EBA/)CZX971QIPB[





SWH4Z4Z
M*6^P+$J?;!2JZ-BN7:+N:B5H_874-*K]\J49NKI=S3B[)B:HN#'J!+E5!YGG

M`QWRMQ



8#Y&8]%&YI.-6%8JS:SFRO\(256Y=T3TD5IE%&P
M-@L%ZZ



=:D[RH`-W7(1W#@G[-L_J25+:IZ[9I6%X8&XGON::O^ZU4
MINOIG*O/




ZT8+`L@W5C$)5BWQ5;:6WDYBJ&]W
1![/(RT[






MTM1\

98=^;#4+6G!HVPNH;E44.9[\



._#UCEM#GVIC-L?/2N8Q)`DC/[%@0D=#DN!@8QLD

GB*





M\)(M-R#9`%`W(WM:$

+KQ
3[U4@=

MA:J*'%W#V*75.62_(J_V6[P'

N5/*WW)5B09JG/J+\84#9XNP&^C:PNT)=7


H
MIJIJ@6GHCFM[1M3=_)QHD:\S;7\6
-R4JZ:BEDD9P!VX2BH'5X&+I
H?2$0%
MRSB;)=(.-9X54G;(9T)J(C6B71_E!6LXP?U:%E7UF!BN[P5:&!NJKL66'1B)
MUHZJQZ:8O7!T0XU&;+ON*02'K0IK)*


]7_A:=9?\/_OM%



Q$3QG4QB
M`M]W^;65\G%C-(@53X3&`O%
'EPQNM!&9^P`43]@




M$;X+


M

MVS1?@?C7I


^^M-OR9U6
M_;/W]T]E!IZ+^DDGN

SV0ED&P`UA1]^6)ZPI..CF=WA@K$+$W.[SVN%QV@



M8-LX/8F`DN

M!!C0M





MUFI%PL:8I+W=S]4K'&..#XOMK@0OB#*^@;M\66S!;T5U*F1H:9$5JYJ=J)[F










MFT
DCNV%
6?Q2

,W4#X5M'$Q_S@L3TI?)&;FZ6^](07:LZ=BCS_V!]%B[`CL(IQ78JWA)IA)
M55`D4+T[*2/E#Z5
.


M6
M&^3:BZ.4$G5!K1!3X_/IWPME@\ZH5^TVV>8











=UDK@=

PUNN8<;/!&GO?*NW<2D\=


MR!

*\B02++_:$1M8[#R.$1+*R5%!Z`;

T]K#G6(4UN5

(


-UX
YPKAS@YW7(0912YP\\
M(6,FA,_[#=UUL81^+%_U359;JL'PW/=A
G-U0]8W`ML)(2]H13=6GRJ`$
M#

D:J([

M.ZJK4I:T10XY

M*D6K0NK$I7=0=SGD[1Q/WG33;/*)=4\+5=?PO#!P8\/Q7
U
`L/4M$@-@Y@J

ME^GN)5NBMH4I8?







M[&ML;))4'SD__0Z[3M_











DW*G'Z/?KC:T

M/:?E?:$O/G
)(4*40WFY^1(EU0:0;?&SID3VWCJ-ENQ4\C&/:S^I?6_I[V
M0




MZ&+*7U$

M
H_

MU#9)(9$!;3J813R'^%9H.@XRO2#$&)O$@*'8ZF7$0-H7
9ULH&XFOFJE$UVJ


M9$Q

.



V]T#B#R07F&(/@0BADE`J%N@DE


(:&S):EV`A3
M;5FFC522^Y6J(GM5^H#3'*_LA5H[NW*5[AP;%?*X;@0&AFIQ#O;E6
@$2L=
M-(E-5Z







L(N1(L\6SA]
4%!+NH0N&V_QNWBZ0JD!%L*-JK42


(.`'S=OY^5($]WG6#KE52K#8#*B#D
M)=A./7V?F+

M43=P
@U^D2`G:ZH1@4[[[/A%@IU^'`0#WD2&4;]
:R2[SM
3V5CM;


G
OK@\;K



/H.J(+TH=L_QN=3Q7.JM6VJ%CKL3.?





MQB!


_V:NF/O$E2^ZS
M;;:O%Z3-QO5-_KW;HZ9?&)Y#J8^A?.D;_L&8N`ZQ3)\$&+7L4)H=$*&)G0E
M3^Y

57%8-H)I).M
M.0O499VLC-FHE4O[)AXS('%^3M$L3YH[=2;0HM
TWT6DY6/155LOU

WCP@6]26[1L#_4&E27/S






M

S#9SJAY(G7#95\%9+=OP(Q1`AZ&$O@JZ)XKB3PB,X
MYNO]HVEP;\678WX;B1FJ]SQ22@?[B?.!O:4MN,[\)\U;8J8*#7F9P%'IF
M.W!O2LYM#\F]RDU&LU)V7+Y
G^CWF
B`6J*HC;)G1MGW1EFGJRU[NXEFL4T9

/A`/_9)][?-

MM_KE@^68AD36/J5XT^3SM4:?&

N.X7VBS/6)





'4B[4XC=I/C8


MXV-9![9AX8?5G;9;D

M36J^&V-UPLH3@

=;T
ML4Q6^^K.AMB*?621*'!)Z
$H)GV;J
`G


G@+3M&/?5/%54RWO2^)':9JBCV'&()\CET8

M5W5%5]L



F-KRFP93G
MV*[C16:$C4]S8T


M]9*+HF*M(R0

%H
MFT.5/9-0?9D]9\LT7T+-QBS'-HT9$O_+HMBFW;SSQ\








=?7B=Y##OM-R5
M695^HMZJ

MU?W-]I!GBVR7;

9/:WW


0!%+$^@81=?9$J]`_.58@SG(

MW'S[%?KMY1DO'UH
U8








4O
.!

YMWXH*`*Z8N2LRWK
M9%

'HI=G#VGM0RK
MOXIRLR2B=`7P;3NV#-/U==-W8E4U\-Z]$2#T%)V+/82-.@B7S)I#GGVQ0RM(
M'JE-

O)CU]`=/(A:I


M
AQYW
4*Y#4F$ZZ

;PL(A+-UP





MQE1:D99Y)FLM^K&#2#\NRL_YJDR@;M42AY]*XNG,H%.=):E:K'A:;[MZX9E
M.8;C-L,[IL?T0$;TF)(YKLK2JFPQ$BS$W'A^I?(RU%!3RCR'[+4:*#SL=0)


1(
M?Z[JIYR/R6DPO7R4:L2(M@
'45#1+;!(&3GF\&@O/V**FEAA?PY6

ML^VZ[W0`P:$06?(Y2A8D(8_\`8UF6XN8M8U-MDVHZ5V:(L36EMSA8UJE2Y(
MF4]L4CEVMT6.C6L+7_8$V,Q0@K-0)G.5VHTZ@F2[^@0C\]I7E:)IO-*VV%
M0KYZC:WP#HJF_CQ#6_QC5&&X[__P;?696F7Z7.Z*790#FA?9EA*

K%.LGS





+
M\FS&.&Z$R&#J9%H'\M_AY4NQ.AB8$G?1[ECP`Y9Y.
H*UE[U5!4JVA(N)S
MLH%??4U^9-O#MNEW1'-DYE9D.8ZB*J;MZX&E.QH6HZ4\W60M5BA3!
DT\OG=

M:/G?]5D+/`XDS6CD2_(`$.0!G'B&


M?NB



`J3R7X\?^9:\PH\\N+@D__@3BY[E



MU7$\-[(\UP]\574TVVN3#'4WU(1TQ.483[+7O-JL=8:HH`@D;6_L177%Y0&=

US
YGNT%?<R4U`3<1OW9[(6EW%;]+[*+U#O85ULEI^WN[)XIE7VYF'HNJ81
MX/C55`

M81__+D;L=X7+A,$$_,N\K?TQ6N+$N'=;([_=4&&O^#-9R9?LZ['\!K+-MM
MFJ!_13]RGW\F3[SHJPSXY`%_N--QP55MPX^T2%



MER_OH;;.9[RIS)^RQTWJD2([WB.4LUCLYSBL#%S?TYW`

=E
MK6TM863)7-E(/$
3[J5_RK[6';N2!Q;,_W'</7
MX69$\W1#=I:W'Y@L78.%SJF9



X&)$KR?EUF

M)?RCD;_KWKM82KX_+&83RMC[^[&''NQ03
3N`^I1W;CK3(AL)ZON'KBAV8

LCHEPV6^L



M.^GKYW]`0S0




HL//
V$[
VM%T7`NW(NV#%P7
FC$C


MXO@A^U\0#)Z8`&!KM!QI;
T\T[<C/W4VTY2-W!00B#VZ\<881$
M#NLRATIS49JD#9D9_LC1:L:(]#!Z#A.ZC-'/
0HTVHXXS7\3RYD1N&*[F9MZ

I$V#A^CG2Z]Y
MM

$J+(..78OT3
D(Y8QQ7)UNL2.^]RHA@3G1ARD9(!#L0
M!:A'A5#B&W(Z66Y@YFAALS2-/H#WK8
NP-ES&FT#:0F
_E)3O!C&A5N

M)$]V@-_IP^:F[.\&GE2[]H5NDZRJ7O+BCIG4

MK#U

IM$MP6D.E_2:&@FI(5JY[QAG6/](J!G]C$I\+W(D-(47-;ZD]`VX

A[(LJS`QWIA!ES9[
MT


OSI)\BDCKGW$PR?67_R3?



MWK!GQ2^_T\T=!TWK_*YH/GO#1P


3A
$S08VTJ+KL6=Q



&=
T$


MTZ9E15FS)[_6]^SM'$:NG038$&$2ABB`Q`

ZX(;D6@D$YK1K.1
V9/P1T6?LGQ#?CVQ



ZOQ'8&^M!.NKS9
MT9`7MV7UV%K$$ZVV3$;XY.:VM)Y.L2.U%V!YO88A.*4GW]7@-)H2BWOI6O
LI=F)QZWV:P%.WBOZ+V7LQ,Z
M36
Y%)

MQB$!`8`(X)WP1;%P%T;\$4;Z
0\[6'
Z
S


MZ


MRL]UVC*L5OF3C4+:PZ1NG[?\W($U@VW=
MQ\[JC9AUY;&?MYLZUX8WW(B_:$




/#73V!6?QE:[?*#K'9!<7%@`_2J7
M'@Z


J@


MZ1ORU$
R)JWBDY!7O1ZH$5J]S(I*\6)(G2W6VODT=R.B
`.3=-\(Q8MS!C-1



P6II%8+8E!6(ONJ8_TPGQO?1[+.GOLV@DVV6L7
MYW9!/?=]3COO4O1O3@'








M;+I#.YZ+[ILG]G?$;^72194B?S#!DA)'Z
V\
X3AMQWPJ[$'6)\S]B%^I
J?

(X

/1:.4DZ&YR55J_JR=Y:N

M
!4KL1!M%ZS%8G$J4.



M[SWDS#Q




MIIJ[A0BT@4!/3G_I2:V$=!]`TN%
R^K-WMLTM0



WY:]]HMKZG=8]MA\8&
(@=)PTEQ(0`K(4'.5N&DJI]=*

MM*KHYB;[U=[5OL(0P82@E*'SW21);1OL]HX%_J39%V-@=*^--FCY
B4MLG5S

M^*QM]HOWU^GD.Q;
L3NWTNB

MI3

JK[BSKXHX/IP_6



M+BG



M.:]!E+&XK[NTK(J
G(6@8W[99E7Y1_KR2
Z-.K&G!2CR(^1:%O3C
`S:P6`8
M



^Z'TC



M;Q?TS/T2AJ9MN#H*H:;%


KUJ-NIR$(F*Y=4`?MKQ!&78%M









M([AE







V1Z%BUV_
MXP2AYQN.B?^G^YY9HW#L
#18WX&1


M2M3

MK$

C&(#W(;X*1!G?]
M7'.-'+3ZX\_ZIU436UU&!0UQNJM3RNFA5J0J

;]=WJJF
MJ'XGL

WYLB)(_=DJ:C
$6ZSJHX69&PEN<
M%_]

V+I$H7._R'
OTC^9&][%Y0NRR#Y!7_3/6V1$'@6U$4:J'E


4`C!V@$`9TDH!5%/1TRA_`*ZE+L
MN;T-UVJ\(F]I;W9KHMT5C@/38I7A+[XFKVD!'I/57[O742F`&+H/)P03JW+^

007I@2TJF5X$0GWL%:I#@
MEH5F*2D+$W
G

`3!)T'PYXA
MU83)PA^.Q%.J4A19RG)D8XB)!!'(O*2#SK



%(5,3Q1#F6J8RFA]D@D2OF





D^^J0Q
MZ/_M8Z!-E,_6*#3CG
RPP\/\_63\[-J8`(E%\_BMA6B0(.C$2'4LEL:__(
_RS0;[`_(<PS(V=




(:L(XA6QCH*%.AJ:BJ-
D`4
OI%7




8`_78`LX1`D7

6$?EK\BT
M`/GK



M[7;0('003_HP;B3)*4


M*4Z_JEVQO=V2SV!9IE6YU*+(U^S(B&+#L,W,%W=:S'`*+3YMDN$#BU]RZ3%
M!@H*#N!,Z!5_`204WVC3-H;UH89.-MTS5['_EW'/OD'`
^P/Y$=/
XDEU44

70=X


M4QL
4[!!YF)?C!46SKA$TTNQ@D\U6M6L;8_($29VB#HNQ*X.$HW3F`ZGC^51




-KF3ZK1


MV^:[C#B[[[?=[P6(XJ^3&^@4R*T@;WELVM+S[KO.B=Y+\]=)*_;[;);3E[
M\9KOOQ




MB

)+80TUG%V4%*+H7'&$;VO&W\].H-5'O\M4.OG3O[15DS

:Y]N0[[UR9?*MB\X'YRK3+F1?#+DM;T+
&Y-:)[7/:

M:=JH.\^DJN1`W*3

@56Y[3-L''@65&MA;HIF
'KJ.32\!;5*&S




TZ$US'!=<Z;N!@6KJ7$


L6H\[\:VNRBL]

C'1E#8S[!GO9+-W;MC
M

*?MJ?





MWEO*4:\'R5;&
C`L?H;\98(&D]G



S
_='(?+^I1MIA')6UE-O!T20Q
T@[%?;2IRX[W&
M=
QX$!PFG)F98QYCE*&(9&D4Q5G




M1T*7?:P&K(MR)UY]N6

M!!(@VE899#+&/T

M`NK[_M2@@3OCKHRA-=R881O%4/M=F@J=L2[8'%D:@`XJ(\6B/V)=)



MJ2V
0YX8''H1]#$L.
03_T1X
9
MR*G






XE1U)KE'@3TQG;E
EIS



75_=YM=_N?[RO'NKFJ=_[G?;_`&:8`9(0''FTY!;@LB%*&8`?Y;
M@1-Q)LQ8/


1A0&'&LB2AA`:C@0R+M3V5


9?MU7Y?E\^M1O`$SB
M*`?=L19N-TGI9`UD5YSJ9EP





_Z;=`!0#'\

M=MBD35$])!@SJ!\71-Q0$%7:5J0ARBY


M?0N-M%(ITRDJ4BZ85-(G%1*-*=
KK

PW#&$2\7D9
MR$
%$;'3ZRMP4W93^(NM-R?6^;F#$$(0QR$*8@]P$+`C;:88G8+2#*#[=<7PS5
M6G^$4ZVUE3Q;\[KKA@YQ97AR


THEE&Z5Z)B9GVJ+8Y/


3/
(*Y'^:$


M0^6



M;2-4JZQ5V&?9K&PO564+L:\%J''^4I4U:A+L^L.)N@27VUX_C:=;K]O[\OJ
MON62VW^G3HKVZ^_%]GZ3)B@$113!,8IA$,!EM8Q\AJ04'$P8MJ]X$S/M6

M
K\2G3/KT^6B@GG3I3N=/#\RG_BOQQ_Q?_SI6A+_IO_!U!+`P04`````#.

3(Q
C
Q7W!R92YX;6Q55`D``]-`

:E


M&67VZ%L6_YK-;NQM]#Z917GYQ)L\O_OUY.3KUZ^_?+M
%[\DZ?4)]#S_I*+:

M3;-X4T/'%IS\^X_W%Z6*Q_$RRZ/ES+YS-C@Z^BU-%O:CO3HJ?O[Y\?0[!OF-

?$V<)``%\L

H7NPK




KZ*9]$R?_3)+E(Y3Q;Q+*Y3HC.[PRK5R'7NRW42*M:XV;W9


M]W3IVMN.XF]G-(HB^\A^`'$O;MQH2KXN;9IIEVKD]]TDW\KF
$IT=3
=F/:J

+7A-/M2&PVBB-XD%
MFM/W*_;C=H=[M';A1WY_NKQ*TMMR_V+]78W@+3CT*OK#R/_#YC?)_'19++XT
M&(LU1&
(V&@$-J

A&BU*#+T0T7;Q8:0%A]:+#&,M++Q\
M3NV,N)5@8,%J#A7L(!A8L)HS7SL(!A:,M!6,C18T%:P8&C!FKK2X5?//MA<

Q7GYXMH62-Y
M:S:'4:(1:KIR.ZA*-8ZO,[N#*E63`'5F=UE:I*GSNP.JE1-XM69W4&5JDG:
M.K





\;C+$GQU`3HICV&


YVU.PJ


+\3N%JH)_\.-)''/\;8[Y!W



:S6TC9[6-*@1(&^8S


MB?.OJG444*_3LZX_3^/E++Z+%HM[8;_8-+JV94G$/%^4FPM%!\0E7LK5N]LH

8$=03FW7:4A0#FWT
MW:#;X!N?(N'J-0+;!@U_/(9?AL.;O6!7;J%/`RI=R`ZX85H#H0+(UUHBRKNN



NKBJ_^+EJ?+^2K+R^K]Z^W@<J]N





I';NV<&?-B

M=+[!X/TD

H;KF$NHM3&`2!1P.#/.X%SBH*`_ETXU7RSGM)
M$SJD-:7-I(YV'VS5-$D?S@





ZXKJJV.

M.$`*:JH\?RV1ENIMO.FN6Q^\[






&A\JN18+!&KS\Z
M'J1?VV&FDZV[[




UR.V_F2[:W#S$QU)-,RTA#@S:ET=







MEWA6U.5
TD_)\\N^6VL&#/O
4`A%:0(NO24((*%YU7+63X#76_Y3'Z1J+\0
M9E(=-#%(?[.TZ?HVR&@O7YV*'T.`54(NA^%I?H097A0F['ON8UFK&*X9X










MM&2*

\^P6[6
_J&
M;&<2;YUJL!VVIYU+SDE`4ZH\KCW60!A+DG&PVH$-/_.4E9ER[R:77#OHA]BR
M?#DM%\7'\N\4&[.83&_+N%4_J0G/58<=!V*+7H+5DB#@#+28@J-)A'Q%084



TC(



=
[`Y$
F):?RZNBKA8X^QZ8/.SS@/1%B!-'984Z

:D87U?3JN?[47W?[#D0J!R`
M5D+HF11.2J8:K%#\MTSBRM_$[5$,XZ+LZE7]*B:_FZWV19?!6:$@,I12P)CD
MD&+9.*4T]+E9E`83VZ.D;'T(`%TX?O=;E8^B]]05U?+





M179)GM\.NV$D
BY&O[)+GRW:/FX?GG4?O+9.0(RQMT(+SHD6ZWU`^.P8E-_.
MN=Z%







M$T1#80#RF$

_4*7@&J8;[$WX'

PB
6(VWBIJ4X5`H*:2EE]=R
SBX\
BYJ]2_Y/0N/M$/[6$QZ

MI_.Z5
7+HLT_MR5#W[=UX`@[B)$W2@OKM.**K/%APN4S9#@Y9\JEZANMUC)_




M$_M\P^G[MVI:S;Y
]K*97OXX.*N


%D]__A%MQZOJ



M#
[/_Y2W=WT3].4W`B



MY?2Q!#


#32`)DC`6$$\KJ@Q<[





MIYKCJ*U3#3S]3PXIKG/QT9$EX[E^9HE!Z`Y!M
-7NHXGK8G%9VPR^#UG'%
MF+@+F[AL''94*5W/Q4&6FQ]GC
S(DV'5)7Z'O0GL-\V?\MPSKY`C7`FJK/7&
M-FN#BC-X8MKSD=(GW-T0I\_


Q-@.JRTVF$R2'X
@O8ZSWQ

M[R0XRE)`!/?QB.8N_@


6&82M:EZI6DVR(^C/\;ZV7VS;OR6H

M]JGM3H
-LDC/SB%(L
MVM:.++ET\<3GUR\@B[3C6!()D10MO]BNA`!#Q\;W8U&]^AGO1UD=Y/@K*0Z
MU0^G`&&M)?:F0L/P_!0^Y^@S;1G


_.




M-2H1R$[R



#Y*U

0




VLHA84(^8.Y1XU#\M'T8-0
M:1/EEGGQ?/)Q2*(T[R=`81$-

MT





1XX`S
Y



6!\`P0F0L-`'+<M6M@:6YZFO?/
&2



U*IL3\CP




3&$&&
8@]KX

2E]G-TRD7W
/$-E\3$)`*(B6!

M_;B


M[KXII..E_^-MET.=EL%:*2DQ(F5+-]H*KFUU6PLQF6LX#B@ZL4
^=`-R/[Z&

;%W6CQ=\K5N*E*^RFN[^QF\F-:;%/-[LV5V+R?
M$-4+([7P@@.9

M_W6WOMMK*C;L(0BNM!9$XV2^((4)


M8+E

M






L*5H_7SA9VO?ZRNU]/R`S3K10+VH!NA=A\AJG76
MIQS=CF

-#

[6MP4X^_S

K%9T+EIL^;T`QVL.C7S[^I^=?


MH_%IM:2
LVULKGX5;X\N@%_-_BL5S:;U]&;G??#1PX@ATP'L5+2@5%98H





M]CSW:QY6WI?6Y7@WZ#;FQN7UYN[6U/V\VJ3W^SI:%=^*E7[\G_E#L9BEL?CY
MPBW3L7'4DJ0'5S)Z2D(**!U\3LA&B#M-.BFIWF\@SNC+:^SO


.+H;&53&R4RH`WIY*PZ%O3&Q/IE@D\'_\O+



:.6P$/7Q_NQC-EYK-E'.EX
MLY;,3]^CX#J^+:_]_BH]C4+B`$$TOU?A:`!T+E9#E3K

M%M]G#`7#\5L740Q-(^H-./4P;8!(@F9\,QP0955,/ZLYAOUW-RL[L.R.GLB
M5MMH-]8^GL-Y4Z&+[7`.LZ5FRP%$ZFNNP1:`$R)-P4HZ?Y%9^&96IVS)5N
ML.[E*O/XH5BL)E&_N$DW%Y;UI=!ED%X:PU7CBO
.0&BK*N::R+&=AS/8D


MSAM)D'M79$`%Y7JT`CM`O+'_NUVOEA]+Q9WGV8/Q?8F5U]O4;#P!F7G#F%






CWA/HPSHVK^J[\4?QSB'/C
RW<MMWC/(0'/+UO(Q8K.O+QZ&F0.=B

HU[H)/S)8Y)8Y@+^EQW\H
1RLT?WK


L8!`CH1=O[3'*#=B;^96BUF95:KKXFRVZ\&2


9K[]MLC`?V
M%)#E4'NIO`2:6@VH\BN-E$56:JOWYB=_*!Z/S[X=#\=C1P$(H@WP`$NE4L$!
M%GF[04-B?T(/0_;&DWI``0SA`6HY@;/9C[_K_RF+^:[2TP?W%;0'T`-EH52
M(.8D-;;!0V67#QA1+,Q(9DM@W%Q
O[6LCM6-KT%`(5047G1E'D!!7`&R0TF
MR)


&

MD

M

#(KY5B[^^%+/B9IVR
*]OYL7=

M5E?%=(_.O+5-<)X#H+CD`FN5(0+H\W\).6Y+P:

\Y

MR\G[:M;Q_0:M283/8J\0%IP9PXUZ






EP]?[Y
#\N+Z
M
=9'7:4:M69:5.\Z^MHV#0)`#*&SS%%(O-8LF;3A%KE.LA'9EW3HT^@#UV








M-M#G'C_C
I:[DN*V[:



(;&6
:B
MR8&4B_8%@.N]IHB+??6RNL'BU?UOBZNS\O%HBR?QM_F]8CVG00M$,%8*.J9
MQAHR(R';H!M=N[[B%33GMFQNUY;=]`/MD



M3O;GH6YK$[3%BBH+7;1]A3-

RU2





6N]U._E5=E]6N/B=.N


MW


DD4
I19S@7A$8Y2&C2@#L_B+\X[IS
M85I#XY`0T&)AH


:U*\^CX8

HBD@)MY1[O\!


E5#8J-P*







(


UL72-6F.PW
(YOQ1UY._J^ET


MSK&VUZ

!X`$H])3*$#V#F*&MTJ6G
G%/_486!N3^@.







M3F`]_!AYFLNS`)G]R45MFP9



MC./6H/MA4V

MH


MG
X-
Q^A!M['[M4KV$
0[T5=Z'W*T]N/@V'$$QR%02E03&)'81/
9+C)/?S:




M&(RT0U+8_?QT7%(W2)

MR;/;YUL*/_6K2G(Q+



MG.H%ZY)IS






MNMR;I@[DAD]&&)(;/B6@/YP[GX[?;Y;WGZ/:7=T]M.Q(?_ZE0)R36E-H3!RI





2=.\!
AD\)N*6C
MR/`**D(_6+Y?+/5'A;_V_'+P6H


M#CT:%*D;0TL3\.5+@49KEP!
2^I!40RK)I[=/[_19AA$*KUC7Q)KCV[I=:7

M@B
)S2&`H@4?OH?A;;



HDB7

M5&-/(!\/W:D#95/&Q3`S?



@E$P!+YBWV-&T9OHEH`N+

M9$@:S8U'1$AH(-.4DPI/=^59)A5GMNJP6*H&#(&IK\%0[%O_:S@3[Q\^(
M(K]#B_ET\X9N^);8#_IIWF

M(O3HM7F#=Q`+@8Q5`B-@
0-



JN\O)L$B
\^BRWXXV
M_M=\




D?[(
MCLN1+'.(7

A!%`MT``RF^Q9RQRUEQ
M&8@E/'+
Y1
@'
ML

OLSKU=_&FL\W3VSW@6`TXTIJ2FC1DC`D6JL



XK=




M5DE$



M$2P1

MT16ZUM:


$Z-2(#G`!L(]O.24-SBE9;+Y/OC8;P'5(O$E[88_58EV^94

$:3Y4

!83`N
M!4ZQ/9AGG-V0K=NWLRT7P\('Y;.-27]X-#ADXE*A2$*J-&&(0=`89-[#W!ZD
M(SPF7R+*UP_+.2@6RNA_41C[7?USR.)#U'I^L?QKLCR5%-7Q2R$5R]'

M2V:^(K[!PFB;:[6







A8;H71J

C4PF)U6XR\=%%



&6RL;)0$H2:W
M=






M7%CCD#MPP=#L._(C+&%8(

MTW]-M?RZD]J)3:.OGPB$D]3

M4$VK+U^W$\ND[K
O!*)$!)]H@:S43`GY/_:N=#EN'$F_RS[`#.XC8O_@['6L



]6^'Y@%_PP*@GBC2?[I!4I!83
M'F5$0045N:8F4AJJ
V32E=-^FRENC;=$Y)&.



M\.
ZB:YZNT(TR3[5E]Z@',(MNGGU8@J&P53CC37H7(C?6B7I=T?D)%X'NB




?:)ZJ'6(%XI@#?%3#D6X:
J^A)+(Z`
ML


V@'K+7





MN\UM]Z]V'\O




O54J@F]*MHS<UT(X1\EMCH<ICG#)&ZP
M1Z!T@`Z2$0&.?ZH@#*$?
9E0`YZP#4<O#[AXF_1*X%P99IK

M@\$BHDB]U.C\@U67BQJ_6L(4MVU*RAQHG:+SH.4($Q0W%FE*%1$/ZPHB4#R-
MNC*7HO6!:/'+\!VF'
#^+
^DV'[?.



]%3TZVCQ93BAWUON(&8U.*A1
/4]'Q`1B1OV1JNP=



MD-AVYISG7U^V$0AG.B5L**/4&XN-BYXAP9EN]HN
N8'T$4G\7OBA7QB[DQYP
M=^7M+%01K?O58EVL7RWGIX3#J1[)!YB8Y`PF'





:$RJOW1^N4X=J;QAW(SNWVL%36[K9GM

&4\C5H9XZU1%94

ML`F5;^N/0RZ!;$_'UOOB?O





4XFWDF[0*^+

Y3+'=/W`E\&X<[\\C_%JG3E]KY<UC-XM:QLM%



H/HT




4C_QY6$X<:IEL#-);1GB$9B88R;X)M`=$(U3GN4
M#3T@V<?9L'Y6PM?<E:O-XO]VM'AX[3U@7%^J!0`#+`=I-9&*:
DQKK1]Q6Q

MKM[W`=
3I)UEST


\$!<E$_WR(7)

:`


4EL7L


\1+)ZG5&M1RK0&R

M6QS*ISO4#



M]_Q_0@B=[9N\


*2^KBV/-L2!8G,#=W,?0%8B5AM9FM:I<SCLMJTJ)NW7VU718**%
\!8



M?L`4#2(V$F
1#9@ARJQJR&`YSKU

D(W[X@X


:UPB;+)






M3

M;

A4VOM4HO
M8S*OR3BH_
IAL#Q=S9\J_3?9S6+Y




^2__4B@5L=!,R),IVN0XN%?-H))U\S


10L5O7
MFZXM%S=[R/#3


MHSP^XSD9A@-V+-+\)ULN_UF4?Q:?LL6J+++K30*\75&S1]\)T*%H
TLN)5%0


MB9/$P189+&0R-R[;73D@I&-1Y
/]EV5^Y9?E8E=$SL[G@H^;;!)71.0P(/4Q

MQX



]N#02`
8D8:T




%+]1D.^M9*

M_/F(]^G^]G91;4I*YL6BN


MBK/V@(8S=D$[S+
P:P!VITEJKFQ^L)4^+;92R@_$Z*V60U0ZTD6TK/3`82P9



DS'R7K9^FCEJOJ_S+_7I3R*-\5UL\Q3I*9[F98`_^


MO78^`K75^?R@UVOO.U&W


M::HALJ2]^@V92V7.C`J'3


684)(9X@W*)O$$WUJ78VM2XD5GQ
M69SOS,GF7Z-DL^(JT]GZSRPKS**J?L3QJ=OR?E-A_E]%9,&R_M5#YV/GKI_
M(D`(%1;2(BL

MW%

?5Q%WN2++_DR/Q*I


MUY1$41'3(

MH4
-?E*1U%L.W4LBOF):#R&9N3)[/#YO8Z4=$8#$=8URARE6
FXI&JR`2:_
8M#YBI4^
M.^B83;52Z23@A'/I73(&.NU]\XH11BF@AV-%!UG0DY5K10I[(3#1F+#-)%

H&)2=4ZK'U
MR_31=23.H+7F.LGA/
;)



M=SX?H*(48^&
95!:+20RN/4K0IFZ9

JRZXTRMOGW

MYT5R^^.?[K(ZM/(4FISX9C#4J[KHJ^%.0VHAI9(^!0'!5)WSLM
F)QN(X!]
MWOC%C8]G]7./9A.]:(1#4E$L/;&2,^6T$G$WA;2(A@!R1TVR$_I]C['*L3D
M9?6YW
IFM



MYB2QL0AMU:RJ`,=8@;(.H-


M9]90HH61GF

O72RZ'?HI;&A[ZRHDGKV!
K&?;4G6G?`

/VG[05*BXSR#`
M82(


\@EO


M`9%J5Q\/26KL7DY2V?*LS09G(MG.(EG^.D*JX2`X&$(\P0K#1JQ@B4376/
MS



X/!#)=NR50`3CE.E-UC\!ZX(TU#:C
YBF&HLS
'H\/S@;E2HI]5Q6U.UDZ+;\5Z(VWF+XM$QAA+P9EB:DN7


*$4`T9:+3'F$K1A'.@20K8&
M9L=I&G!(T

MROC`N[*H3KIG

T79&)3:%]
TL4F
M,9J^QL7Z6F=%_&']8;DH](_Z_YNAFKBNWY15K5P/9U7OT$IP'%%)+5;,@&A


L_-:@



M-DQ9K.?%)@CK^WQ9L^5(AO_IXS/K@%5448TML-18+8G=K01:&MLV9Y*UUL=3
MAD/RI!]T;5Y]RK'T_$Y39%198S%TPFB+N/6
X6:W&(@NHK_)0!QNP4]/).\
MH;`SYL4L_'Y5+F;+W_/E;;X\EO]W^/G


MT'#

/JKV*PVL\7'Y8?BZS+_UR:0I(JU;C'YCXS*

<RQA0*%AXW

MXQG13!J(B2'`*D^=(K1Q8@A.+Z
45R^

M;4

MQ!K+N?3*D8!EUICH6O!8A^VTBGOW+R'Z)&H*\)BR^L*NT#DR*E/*6^L7H1
MA(.=


MK+2`5X70=BOEVEU0B$8:0+2JVS.H'V&=7\^H3CS^=VJNG]??[WII@?M]`/

S8C6[WB8+%S?;#;8_\%8-=([+R\ZS909*)@@*QV,*I%$2.=TXD*NN*9=D
M3TY%B`[-I='<_'4UJL]!/7S.[^[+Y6SYL(_*Z.K\/S97YHE5'
AB4:`6@(0
M;C2-MB@VN/;TNZ0?4Y8.S:C.0O3`Y5A''
9-E&$B=)4O;2BW7%-6)=@WYT]O

MYRHHDB/RM



MJWVGG8_%JW6?A*Y.
%&A=6TQKP;$4H*YQAQWU
MG&'%FU03&7Z
9A$+?`8ZTQ8QCB
M('N;6S^M?718X(4F;9VO_P;C3=+:&8\;:]^NP&TTSP9=T0B$+:CY@X2RXD1
.0+GW=V54(,GJ]DC4J?CANQ)`K.-AOO/

(,LPO39IW;$!X:AGU<TAV*\4_+K;+_Y[^?LBJLX^_M
M/[_\U\?QKRB__A8^_'IV72[K[O[6?'PC_#GEG=O]U^O%K-8O:@.E?]GG1<W




2
!NHA:QR@8)A]^C=:C6+#_V8(';.8G;7
M%@'=Z#IB*
3X%#M<&V

M_;Q69^.SYS)K!:4$2

K=$DEEOOAYTN4G$'--+6+EE5-A75^






M[1P[\/*M?ZUT56W'U(DHQY!P\MB
$@U50XB03%QDC8$`22=%&YJ5J1Q;/P
M9:'KGDE[-CCJ-
%M&N%L$8^3UFDRC8$CX?AJ@C0
*Q0.XB8.`R
36S)N@G)D
M.

VJ$IXAI%=8$PH_A5^.CDT;$QFE/
`ZR?QW4`T%3


R(EFPW540V-(A:*F$O-EQ2L#H;.\+!T^?1.ULWOR^
M66]FBZLRK/VF.JR5=W?SXC;\Q6^*FZ
6S2DC
R@D)YAYKZK*E($R81/LOC[(

/0MC
R?LUO;O/Z?;5'\VZ^SF^N9LOU8^GGH]@X;6SFA9%(


8B:[).T22?WV@*PRLK#CA@L3;OC!;=-
MII.
!8F$RQYUS]

A



MP#D

)W:O4=_[JS/A@&7A0&_*1YSJH3`33E`)7RLPIA@
M\
^D]L-$^3NM_5&UA?M8F$6Y@_:V?I`5[^TWQ`H2G60,M`+`*$U5I*MQ0U
M#%





#=*8_KW'Q6VD
]@ZIHVW:[7^9Y5U
M




M_G?+\J+FS7@BIF&6+42

M
5LFC660
&Y!@+;*HB([&@@;Z`4B8#0C(=X3N?2#Y=?\MO-E5
V?[C%C7[

:5OHE)?_[

3X'2V9`1=0.V%

MGU&'M:




I#1
M



&05#4#1AVY8/RFX8N3??MEOT;.5EF-2*(5(W_
ME*8&.^A$0UBJX/'DQ*G)6%N565K\***6..B1M^$/01$4
%B@%O*:1!X%H+


$KW:&9]RZP$FX]\Z<7=IY-M@D+(,H0XT4!H@9DD^_$)
M*FZ(DT,38#D,Y4H]5<R8G?SK+J_6.[^R-
!0R&=48X1[*5BQ%'JZS%Q`7//

M4GW1'?#I:
O^1#

M

1\&^DM'K$MRR+#F&Y
MJ+3.-0N:64^





M6L

'GK

(1

0;2T

M+Z.EZR3'#!/&-?%UX$+4#/Z&+@\JP\0A4!^#C4=S9&R3QJ+2%47O%G$LF_27

M#P?UXM`=*3/3@K=7]QTL0L1IXXWR1``
@!2FP4MGW^\^H6JP94D[M`1&-3Z/

Z
-IJK.&@A@*7)










M&J@HYQ`C1[UL]J6PP;GG9/.!N^1#=E(EN!]^ME(BAQ91



^S@TL
MF\!%K'//(2=X.C`

M!IS@2O4&'/E!9#8Z6S]6=\LOB_G_I1M77G;
GB(YOL;YMVV0('8/#]5=:O]A




M%C%(I01`



A75





E`#_:%:/2Q73_&7ZKI5O^C'I
N@'*/6&0:8

#8:L4

MRW
+
$QK?ZB3B(_F?O2YM4J*2X'U?KSTJ1J?(MU=1]_6\?Y_=I=6@F?;
0
M7.!]9F=!

M



T!IHARKJQ)6?8O

MOS^]W





78W!M$



M#HII!JF`E

M




M.&

J7JS(P%O1($.BVP]/GG_YE'..T%5=!*&B44\4$X1Q[)0`T#7C
M\=[?P/4M`\GW`GMZ`CR;0.\?_EJNOE=?YK-4T?'3]^I^OOZJEYO-XZN]Q'-^

M[B


M2J
Y)83':=G


A-89S0%OA;XG1/8IH*F7].7TI/V'ELF.0UGSUV
M)/6E[H.')`HI8B4U`QZ@88W2TT_LI5D_HON?L7UU1(;K[.%E_B`W5.2WQ(

M%J@_G.2F


MM

F*KZWGP#M(*

%NQQ1T7=48(FE#/D(_T$5UAA*+W?KLH[


!((^TK
MRB

MCT*578K^ZF#;-\KZX%5MK/Y6K(3WJ@O--O#R19/2[0FPC=Q-=QA'X)D[6D#I
!!!;CJ$T!

977*7^^G/1NO\\_K7=[
M6OCWZ?C?J1[MUB

QVL[59[


M3#1#--?


MN'C
0!W`6D!

*D+R^ZL$HI)94IZ_
UT
M^_435ESFB`'Y2`(AF;4:6PZPXQA7\2
NVZ^
K@ZY7QO%=
*BMCUSSSL?+(KO



E\FRSK=2&QW4$5


H6JV*5DY.8+([#Z&KF^Z
([\5'C6%25M\

G
H*9&#\01H0@7TLBH]!N`

M:.8@J#PTUO!LG?/J-ML'6N.

M9]'






C





*RYI:C9RU4'@&D09
Z4V2*X^&
M/I/'L#PPCG2!_R-+/`';(T\$JV5-`J.N!*!G$($5G&^N87F:F+MBCOQK.[
M+XM1N6A5\`X'++
V&-0C^.*6+HO1O(B:S7PY26I/*DCY*;*U_+1B;OSNI\WA
MDH'46L



O![8(OQ6(Q6451S?\8+Q[B]Q
/EHN'67G



8.SJ(X':=]Z9`ADL9)BZ2US(AXP$KHJTA=!V#NZ3#`:*FW!OJF

X!Q58/#<^_<?%N.*




MXW?6'[_\=//\+S19/$2LWHYN9Y/X7SRWIS__


MFR:7R+-$K75QCA.+K/5\@)`J[##4Q$%@I//:NNW:.36YMZ'#E\-G
WW6/EF[





(K9Z!UC-'M.KV'N9@:D*;9$J8ZI'HOLNQ(D=4ZDNS($
%8
<&:+<OSG:)TEFAK?U$;9P0&XXHS



MX)5

-



J\

C17A1MD



1_?%;]/QU$+2
4YC_54
MS1DI2








MK%P\J



WC/
M'C9(*%
:

5CR




@QTYWYV


96$DT[



MN_


LR!J5
M9

MQX_A'[Q_^U]'
7H$'T):HTASETPK4$A+::F@A%AIN1&VE9/#K-+G5Y/L^G.Q
BOAD5[8<^1:
Z\TX)8K`@5)&V9I
(+
E+7`._]MCF'WC]ZVBE,L$9Z3S77@M05N$#
M6LDB2T=:[![F*/@^7#+U)NW1?GF]YQM_XS6T6,L$F33G/ESB)'-*GF'1A7
MS'V+Y7ZBQP9?2


&FC+-/

MX4*(V(T6/?`P2RICN$#@?G^7[*?=T^0




A

M1.=%N0D.U$'%


]8KC60PTH:`-:D]



MOM8@H$Z\(87[N_O=^NF
C@_J+K

M#;W-2`=X:X3-$
L\*1N*^Z8;MGD=1D8=(X)S
`8AX!0[6_L:@F$+N#'UQ@B;
M(969\C5]VR]?T[?1&\Q94!1S[+A7QQ]&1P)!A9P+OWM\;7[E*9]D'E
_?I
MA\J?



M+AI*@0MJ2%GG50HF_2-N#.0'J+U)NGGS.D1UU'X\S\UI)DOWP7%0AMC)/8
M



M__JWD7M..-4L#31I&5X@[G0]3\(6Y+O
E$S1+X(Y
BZ^KULD6W\1J0;DL7(T
M#8E;HCBCO!Z-


[

M)/$&!-P7B&/8295U^/Z


V_[H\G


025^L0V.[F3VY3VU^9PGV%[X\HR(_OB

&=W:
^(2M#W8











M7AU]O2XB[%0@/#@BG5&`L!9




M'GZ_&Q+YSI']LBCY9OOE?'/5$+/:!BI,,QH@#0!Q@P01HBJ5P]APA!]*Z&
M#8+LY:SXK^UNO;K=_'M]\X_B]E!9



Q[YI93$0/P]1N(=[LKW3LJWO2
JKV$F%

MGD4PAN+_8C8-ROV+;V.92SQH'(('S*E7WE-9S8?P;`5^1C'7@2C5%Z23N:A[

K230H



MH3X&ZYX/]&0JUN8&L:PH+P1&98%E0:5@PHK'
\(N**_B`-(N!H!XM/O*)08=

Y


M6Z]H:_1H!5[FPKL
5A1C(#\JZSX7N_TO(_]M5^R?A(A^:U;\._43G::60CI4
M@K$$!CC;86#2*__4#*1/P;`/UI][YGXW\(3N*L3?#UKB(2UFLLP%*A@M8F



G9@CQI
M2/4)U!@;]A-OP\^6X


M.5`

8QV.P2AS./;H[/KUS$.S^)
M.#6`7Z
+#^[=UQU/77J(A`;L:4`8&V4#=X1:6\V&:[N@S'%#LF=8U`?@T$
X

`__
])R%!]Y;

?#']
MT2#[U4
WD

8

M!@M
6F&(U+[&WRW50.J-

M:\UQ;E*

B*9&JRI1(XLO5AXSW*O9LR
M0W_CZ&SK&?N9/`7KZ?&A4Q*!-E@22%JUPJA

)\)


M*0B

\:LO9%#[5.YJ([&BE9UZLE7D:
05%(4B0#G
M&?
8HPH%$SQ94
WGB
M4?ZS?'A8;#^NKXLOVS(Z\V[K5[MM




MZ;$?3AGD64.8!0&^P%J5&@`LY6O^ZDF=MR^38AT@OBV\'
V%G]!$8T)
9&


M4\[E^HP6Y


M!O?T$S!#6N

</J1%X5Y'%$^4



`XY@#)W#LDEM
M'U'/+^P(_B;J.-OQR'G*1C*]C.W]3D*!B3Q$J9H


!QXY(IJ5PA!CA?8V:M38[



M?96&_&+X;1E[CUN5U]!,^B%P-H81&RRBG;X
$!.8O2RI
R;TJXYU\K[M-@

6@<DQZHRQV7ND:$T34&10?&H\6U;Q@
MCYN]X-#VM(U6@_L


HTV$










M3


M:)#W)1!EXH8#Q'W(98=

`US








4A`*

M1`CCN%Q@[AF@4#O;O)L&G].N8[B
]V\U!J/:^Y[5/S?E;7%Y/Z'=;\673\5V




(A`.$J4


P+2#




PH(9SP3EHIXCY73`
ML?/;75+&Q^V$W#CJ`FYM%^):QSS7$+/X82#0\3UH/%0$'[V&=5BW3
./4636


&Q&YHT:4+CN30AM
MOVJ40KL<SR%9C



M:!-P)5(ZKU2]FNLF9%$9FKO.BW/ER9AHSL&:VGV@+OZ\*W=EARMY!UH$$*=E

'%
(V04


//!Z(0`A9H:`G!'+:7/(+Z$^
M8VH

@DX03@.*_3Y?G

\BG/P8D2(

M

MW75]E-3MZGU65X$;9Q$SDA%#-(0II/?ILI[/=HPMR.TZ!WOFP+Y_V$VQJGZY
MVY3'U



F_J&5G#SB`0

S[X

MWW;=MB?F

M:D;C/B1G-\.-#S1ZMYXL-V'-
=B+M]R_K3R\OQ@7MO[)8UZZ$!=D[+H'9YQ1
M`X0)M&&





M;5(A
4P44E##PUT=`$FB

M!N?%K:G&^


M(*


MFZR7@:`OG(BV^)8
F\*]D)Q``QPDA)+#!7
MDL7VWD[DA^-)\VMOYQ0JO/LA



*53JY$?V_'!2T0MR5+$WVP
MTE4/]O!MF$G^YL



MWM@

B

B)P^3*_O=R_M`-G?M*)&Q*
M-7FS=%\C19[FFT^EQWC&AZ\]-G-6*66IU`X!A$5E1G+=RPY#HN]W8VT#:E


1
(27`HC(HL3J[#


M%'165N8[6//4XI_XCG+A/=&^CPWP-&SS]WRRB&%JHT/GIH_*-
3!(`#D;'`6

MYZXW
)





XT$O-$3
T^A]\+JF)`SE!CLHIM4


0\N9EW:_3N1!<KFG
!0#`TE#D!(7LUL%A_05V)V6N/A#



M@3&OR*$8J9;TRK\1Z8WZ

MM$#O:2HI2[Z'\E



M#:..RHTL%0#8#TD^F@_3[T^E-E:JO
4

26.5W+OQ=A1D`/FLJ3G]\75H


MGQJMC/#8X#:UHA
V#BGXU3%)F/KFS#%)QX%+VU/(J$*4D!`U0J8Q(0!37&T[
8-


I_F)@C1?!MF
MK:;;I\EZ/ED4]=O+ADGG*NSW]OK
=:/3@Z
MB9$:..5`EYR`J3VO(H:

M89ISZK3$3B

6`LT3/WQA%(-

;]PMA+PK802&M-5H()Q4P

3?D=8U.





T_4O
MSD+LA)$70E)EO65$*'J@-%)WD5,<J?X,PN&A=:D6-[J`:!]Z9S+*B7`<L`0
M!=YQ7]$+ZN1N

1RQ1G3!Q'%BA7X
JX:K5]Z$ZS;L+UX:PQ`.!`?$:54=
M6%@!4P/S$2K0$-'(L-P:1U#2#(+;2FB2]LK
48\L

MK[R-

MEV\U9
)K:



M^];\L%J5E\

.@KM[@`E4NJ!S8YE:1CG%



.Q017R

2ICYSR&
M`.RP

2&^#)O7PI=L7


O#U__X]?.=FZW&JY\U98V
M8$(4`U(4@K(VQUKGJD/!L`-9L?I+


N$K!01KFYI&U



..:-H




M(_1J2Q1-DNW=+(JC6*ZRL.UPL.`Q]]00[2FF-#E(35'$FR97L3QV@/Z':%


H?
Z9%)^((`7+3:4+3@
MJ$06T0DJ


MHRJ;TUF9VGDOMTX3`MBR!"66=%'C2LO#3:\ORYX56A'E&#*
6``XB*-6;





V;)'`3F3\'#=


M*:YF;Z5.O6?BQK+
6B1G%CETG@*12

R77S9!N]I


M=3D1IP8*F!L.A?'






`;CCFRF/DH
M

LX=-#[PR86`
M]3-^.G`9=:!

C6T?1


MW:P_MUR-I^6

6'\H)7P






MY%XI*M97S!(AE



KX[6\'V$XM


*AI
MQ'M:@/7
1
_FGA;+!Q!`T@Q;I8B\_;`;T-S6?N%2E0V.;%EWNM\
M5D;USL33CX7D*6:
4


MV;8`6U3M]I:DIG_T4`=N9W]J#OO;JRP6#!JG.$$(
B9@!-2YW?RX]ZGV50]W


MWR;S+Z/)^G`]4\UW[)-Q)5BD-0*T\!\%+3:M8.)5]=W\.S)ZOD
V!9OZAS

$4Y)+P1N%DM\A-E;@DJ8Z-8?QVBADT+2]@I#NE)YSJF'9
M0W+R4HM;RJARI

'RPM_*7A?)#7YZN`GEU[B:
MQWLX!1E4

M0QG&A]&/\?1I^FF^*%_CL0DFAF+IV6T0LK;M/83VCJ07PD9AL_.$BP14(C
MI:DQ0$B/JI7
L$[UC=W$29J)A9U)(P
O-ZMDOVH^%8O[4IR/\2#8O/&[V?/`


M2?S'0$


;O9*N8&M(MED'C=
M3-1ZX+ZE3%3





#)5&6.@:LEA7DA*#4I-;+4[?^G[TK?6[C5O+_$N[C(\Y=5R5Q



)UNG[;S





Q2S


7C10)LES+QUC2!
M


#2`.8PQ=


&YXE#R'$M++&00)K]+DT$_)Z!!Q#1^A

Y.`+N._)-K0W
^XX:!\+^*


M

&1Y70


8Q8U)@Z
M



MH%.&$$^X]T9``2T`H$H]CG2]Y8=#5RXDG7#XA9R

M9@[J5.-1Q8@2D&1`)U]F:EF[/B


-:$A=/



5A.
$:`*.X)-AIS#V!)&PMU;G3@*I(/
M1PC7YBP9(5S3+@X1C_7=8[$J)E\W)R]VVIHB4!#_X5P#3877FA)+Y
'SY[F'







M;$;OZWN$224%1D

.W711^
;\.?UNJ1DI
]B\O-].-[-OL\T_'Q:SS2S2



MUK\M5YM']52L9M/)XN.?Q?YGZU
6J-D807.)


B-3Y
A!!/43




V8'PV


UUPEF-B3Q]^S&&;
MZBGU95X?'/8/SV)&YD6GQ^+8G




]V-(\P5!HJ0.0I5MB[H`QCI:4
M84SG/B\1[PR08V#.);`]O[P?W_LU1.SE4X34T!
R3@5&V'!C/=(E5XSF++=X
M@'S78.V=+X-$0NN+X%(7!\G]^*WXKIY9?NBTHR4$@S@4A%FIJ(NL%T***LB'
M'

ON1V\][





EY!7NY/2I1[
BO7NS&_C:7^ZOZ<_56ZF_O=!2`R9@%HA
MR3QS!BM(RIT@;F^H5T5[X.B2PHVQTDLU5FHE%)8(+U&<GD`A*J48WXIS1&J
MD[=WLX(?A%H!JS0BI!0`EF(&3;I53RS2E0$A.(&_-\N6-YA=9FA+\47I^*






MV(B6B;7IO_/
Y\L1@B.&6

'<LWDB$Z6@QG)?#(/!:F&






T6ZO?


AV]4@\E)&0Y[9!CH+;



M-T98:A7$3M4H6,Z]ZQ^2[S2A9[E0(!.P1)Z$W'9Q77M__CN[GY5?ML6T#Q=
M7J71^$%@DYK+(E66
7\



M

G#P#S-]004V
M1^30
5#MGBK/#<@


P<S<9&T-IJA@,31K'..\$8?
1ABGBQ1+G%#Z<8=39V3PC(3<R[8]Q6&^L





LY`O*MW<T9JU\2L.1=2];QK!^C=*:%#




MO7;+.WD3??==`)!%BUMKRJV5#@)&#L=$&M\C'6BD.)-AJ/*2UCTPF:;2SNJ^

\E4A[!92!'E!I`;5X']_E



:_ZYI=-J-HQ=&X8&!L6W.$7F7_%(N?-W$93XI$[5$^^GGP40N-
MBJ

2IEHJOZ-
-2^L


M39+O

M9*O=4FL#Y8Y^'XBV*8`0.\(LAAJK5!!@[PJ%_@)ZUDW!+8
!W#X1+VZZN+]/

MX);EZJI1A:47'P



M!Q&-;H6IX

M1&)5?LN;B9G3@T
T!;15EED'#&;$QIN]4M6-AUT#!&84(3(*^PR.;`??V$&C
M/Z+
;S7][S7Z]_NFM



*%3B[_!@*_R%D2=I2
*5(W?+&ICK4
M#T4*\=_EU#\5KKMQVV*GOZVRY3KN,WZ<_O,13AEDZFEI\XKKH#P@E$*\&F
MAG$X6<[.RZ]$3GK''3H$B!1











M+^==9&@%?VRLIY!FKSL[?LVS1?%/?I-VN;N\]YIEC3!K.U70CD!MB9'$6B85
M]494:?71.NKZ
CO#=Y5A)=G(0`_D)5W7WH!-A@7NM8[+DQ$






M=J77XZYL=_E/#X


MN97:3A6D(E)3*E

Y1&3/

MK%


A^[_VKJVYC=Q8_Z
4)Q17'$K,4Z94L\ZO/P`I#F59X@6<X;F@^V2/#-H='^-;G0W&@9:
M;9BVXF&O!V55]/U2-5XAX#G4W@Z%KA'LX_[0(#6)
Q(R`$P0!C`K=S.W@-[



MO)FO1M/G_Y^



M`5CO/&:8


V

W;8IR3T(7Y(JWC(F&.'LR
M)FXF#YN%\
7DDK7;Y
<D

1\&8._[MG@C!6$`^`
EPX2T7RFMO4_<M!ZAW-7(]RXT;ERGG4^4T;XF-YS@.FRK

M'?^-+
@^SET.0





2

M[N/!&



SDRV1<S<8?
MX^2[
EZOC1V$@9!ZCH`1T%G&@;$UO[VBN?=97)+I*EG+6I+S8/7JUWFZM6$Z

SD6C.I=`;Y5%]0/I[PH7)X
BG:$WCVF1.E3#FRI'J.V
M+PXT?&]\K


M()@22`%N-



M&`B0+F.(TO!Q@V?JWG[6D]RR'%5FQ+D583FG+O;:DN1VJ0K((@1%)I#K4D
MVC.



[^ZKQ8W]Z/9TV+Q;C[[LM['?)Q/IY$#Z:4V

X5
M?T&6KN;XQE-6JYO1XJYZ;2?5!QD!4(:=YX1#98R42AZ[9B+/O$S
DU*;U6



6Z


M:9]/(3`XBJ@#B$
AE





=LLOJPF/][?00P/CA_
M7
5';A
L[YH.2ITT=B``Q2V&DQ$)5DE*;-QSU/$#0?`U1'Q&]6RI8NQ.$3;E

RTA/7)+P]=[BF\


V]]CF@#HK

QK%O!R(L(X)0YQ@PDBJ
=6U&




%/?50N9
MR.U(@J[)XR'(LXLH3YSVPWSVRVI^^_NFK$H]KN[GB\G_JGV!F3UO!6^-8DP@

ML5A&YGU


P0/[+:U
M_?5^'%:/5WI]/WY


((0

3(Q
C




0@(HNES\(.S8&?97F&
MT'*#XWCHW0#$H1CC69ZE%4^P%P;ID^



__A
MQ/$C&K+GRKI-5B_]0TNI;5*-&`-?2J
[V8JKOW;OD(M)[;ZD=?B/W7N`GYQY
K&O%/X_7!#3[$1G=B_2
M.OS''GH0+EG]+J25Q*^R3B!*_5!0$L_2I\LEH5


(2U



MC'N_]RYNC$YO..`/)W?&H&/\-C:&EF']?+)-;;NA*
#NB/XB?F\+

RTH._^3M/W-UW
M1&_SQR^!:4*X%-+ST\_GIUU-2.






MC4A+ORGU4
BY[CL/A?9%9K7Q^8'N834WD6]_YH
`[:&0-OHV$E3PZ`9]N@TI

H#OZXL\.N/;F]-^];@
MNX




M!D08GF
:D`=L4@`&[Q%%7$%GF?U\!S=CB?&M3&TS&]&QQSW\8;LH7[T.7
M-5:4:[?PAO$/PGC?$[;:'.W6PN\-L;R$]SP1:\R]-^STL;/FX*'[CQ2SP/@C
M(N'S_A#,DU;@^*$6CM9U;V*,?AT:$^N_.\8_[TS[]S=0R2_S]BQ3D
JP!7!

M=

UD%(+778)4)
M6


142.2

M9





MY.
;)

M=IZ^+M(M5=0KZ5MXIKEDER=1KGJ[LJ]JKP&RC*M6KM_EQ*BM1PLIE2O
KNP3



C


M$T:


MLO./VL.@O?I_B5GXS*VMN/3_CX@L]3X=4$RJ7)N??I)K\[$QX1AR^QQ_`()?





]\\@7`I;PJ!

!-
M6`EZ2;V




M/[

M'$-@2


@DL&0VQ.`CPAL[DTK*U4LFE:J&CJ
</Q@-/W59Y[+W147S-<MNX88N(54W5K'5Z'Q!WD/1NQ




YF3)#W`PX$U@/
W

MK36;8HMXW;*)%8A2*O*%%_M%EL98LES-.VC8,XWN;8XPDSML]75*PY%)LB

M0G^
G+/-M7(X#S%0LM'3CQ%WIK57-+S'$7/FPOPY&^N^P(*A?(Y1JQ1'+*

]
M*400@W5N$=BU[**MSGKRU.OD5<_]\?
_S?$9]A-+

MP^JK`SF'J_=$RC1@4?EJ(G##+RY9Q+?GF#_HY$`5)@9BY:H.VZL:35POV\Z`
MAL%[Z;




S.;':

MR_\E7@3\Q

MY-XVD`_/'4#T_GUU)^$V)X7O#^\;^2!=?DLMOD!L!@3Y8:$9C)WX^+^@=DUF



^+V-KDR
[N4^Y&HO(2XOR9Q_31/?Y1&R&2C_Y)
M!T1)F4-G@$JZ-\&.AX)`+$G'^YD#?A_9:J-.7
\&L=X0AR)W*
DCZHO%
+$O

;IP-E=4CV9L.9`OU=6J\

MU%7VF3@/F212B#RYYPIK5BV484'$$





P=M


PZSGQ12L*Q'\56


MFK$)7




M=8?N!3)L-?^:E;T^V]XQ?MLHNMPBMX]X]UPTX*L=$VB:5D7AI&I14T
Z:
BI


$#.*#$R[S
(6K





+(

TRPU9I&\886G3D4/?ZR&SY



;Z8CJ\#CIZ&!M&Z-<@@I[MH2X-SZ8?@5D1&RV,%3;
M2QG]I0HW\C(-G2LQO2]FH+7-
^NCF2@9.?/&F#-_)7?&S3FLU$^2NI^Y9YGV
ME4$MJ9UAOPKF85Y2^.)YT?0\6X]RW3H8']2=?OJ%)?4P1B8297KF[$AY]6LO

R\=DJGMYO;GCF*;9$TG(!.;=
/8&9VIR\S=+/PB3
M


(Y'X%9\5H

RW4XB#9UDWX[20$#/0YE'R@92DKLNSY
QLYD)B\F\G@RTJ(9<GQWR<6E/3B1-I[$<


M





G+(^$_JYI




MS$A:ZDY.#VGIT*R



-N]B[^I4YR%WXQK+?KPF]R9(&

MT;D)M6G:^*V3%/B/HD`&E5U$NQT
3_A#)B(PO[$3+;GQ?
\PV#)\U7V^;5GG

U#Y49*



61&B+I=22N0(
)X0
%&.%7?.&!;=\U



I
M0]=GF9R[V7U/0%3%GR61?_.X1)+YN=4M86-V.#NI/3(_U#RL[A@^X)0K`(8
M:Y^DGH!S@3(4R[)HKR$*Z28$2C6BN)]U@X.9N(6*LS0^UIMF]UERLY.OABV

O55J#WU]G)V9D=AHV`)IIZACAF.J
ZT-'$UEHDR(+1C9XFUC)E


1'U`<6KLT
X[M]P/!?RIZTW*SXCIUO$B8NE0X%














OG3S(X1P;F
MU.^YG2C)V52TP*

[D'

`WL

M8U:WTTP^
64%H$?VQL*4740AFN&@$2LJ!

#)






M'DV&Q[YE#J*
BXRF$HE@K!WV
ZV<S$[NC]RXFFR4MQ@.BB&81*##$C]DQ+
M9%+/EJF$


T
M^Y\H6!=5W=5)2%Y9
)G

!AJ#(%_F)0KKYRQ




]OV1L+#-W]743M\-*Y

;:M.
M^S*\1`4JX6)U$7B\##QP)7[7+S-@(5OQG3HO&;&[TDPB72F
C^5.3RYGF_(`
MKA2#._GCBUD#[Y

M



M^;=JD;R-T#H:S:4HMTQ





M4$L!`AX#%`````@`SF);0IF885[`Z`4`C%!T``\`&````````0```*2!````
M`&MO+3(P
3(Q
C

M`Q0````(`


4


C`Q
M
C$R

M```(`
YB6T([RFC\ZV(!`)ZY$0`3`!@```````$```D@:6^0!K;RTR
#$R
M
3(S

3(Q
M
C
Q+GAS9%54!0`#TT`N475XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&``X
(``M5@L`````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The following table provides summarized financial information for CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
16
10
6
1
369


        
The following table provides a summary of our significant transactions with CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
Concentrate
4
737


Summarized financial information for equity method investees
 excluding CCE
A summary of financial information for our equity method investees in the aggregate
 other than CCE
Year Ended December 31
47
42
38
28
26
23
18
16
15
4
4
4
2
2
2
2
2
2
December 31
16
13
32
27
48
41
12
10
12
11
24
22
23
18
24
18
9
7
233




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

773

680


        

171

198


        
        
        


        

264

092




        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and adjustments
 as of the balance sheet date of merchandise or goods held by the company that are readily available for sale.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of valuation reserves and allowances
 as of the balance sheet date of inventories not otherwise specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Year Ended December&#160;31
3
3
7
8
8
7
11
11
14
In 2010
4
December&#160;31
 2012
1
2
1
1
1
1
1
766
1
1
766 million
 
Year Ended December 31
1
5
6
17
11
12
13
21
 impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 impact on our effective tax rate) related to the following: a gain recognized as a result of the merger of Embotelladora Andina S.A. (Andina) and Embotelladoras Coca-Cola Polar S.A. (Polar); a gain recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 impact on our effective tax rate) related to the net gain recognized as a result of the merger of Embotelladoras Arca
 S.A.B. de C.V. (Arca) and Grupo Continental S.A.B. (Contal); the gain recognized on the sale of our investment in Embonor; and gains the Company recognized as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
 related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to deferred tax expense on certain current year undistributed foreign earnings that are not considered indefinitely reinvested and amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
4
 impact on our effective tax rate) primarily related to the Company's productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives
 impact on our effective tax rate) related to amounts required to be recorded for changes to our uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
Our effective tax rate reflects the tax benefits of having significant operations outside the United States
. As a result of employment actions and capital investments made by the Company
 certain tax jurisdictions provide income tax incentive grants
 including Brazil
 Costa Rica
 Singapore and Swaziland. The terms of these grants expire from 
December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. In addition
 our effective tax rate reflects the benefits of having significant earnings generated in investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting
In 2010
4
 pretax remeasurement gain associated with the acquisition of CCE's former North America business. This remeasurement gain was not recognized for tax purposes and therefore no tax expense was recorded on this gain. Also
 as a result of this acquisition
 of deferred tax liabilities which were associated with our equity investment in CCE prior to the acquisition. In addition
 charge related to the settlement of preexisting relationships with CCE
. With respect to state and local jurisdictions and countries outside the United States
 with limited exceptions
. For U.S. federal and state tax purposes
Although the outcome of tax audits is always uncertain
 the Company believes that adequate amounts of tax
 including interest and penalties
December&#160;31
 2012
. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
 the net effect would be a benefit to the Company's effective tax rate of $
 exclusive of any benefits related to interest and penalties. The remaining $
 which was recorded as a deferred tax asset
Year Ended December 31

December&#160;31
 2012
 
 respectively. Of these amounts
 of expense
 $
 
 respectively. If the Company were to prevail on all uncertain tax positions
It is expected that the amount of unrecognized tax benefits will change in the next 12 months; however
 we do not expect the change to have a significant impact on our consolidated statements of income or consolidated balance sheets. These changes may be the result of settlements of ongoing audits
 statute of limitations expiring
 or final settlements in transfer pricing matters that are the subject of litigation. At this time
December&#160;31
 2012
. Those earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested and
 accordingly
 no U.S. federal and state income taxes have been provided thereon. Upon distribution of those earnings in the form of dividends or otherwise
 the Company would be subject to both U.S. income taxes (subject to an adjustment for foreign tax credits) and withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. Determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred U.S. income tax liability is not practical because of the complexities associated with its hypothetical calculation; however
December 31
Property
1
1
1
2
4
5
1
4
4
Property
(2
(2
(4
(4
(8
(8
(4
(4
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
6
 must be utilized within the next five years
Year Ended December 31
The Company's deferred tax asset valuation allowances are primarily the result of uncertainties regarding the future realization of recorded tax benefits on tax loss carryforwards from operations in various jurisdictions. These valuation allowances were primarily related to deferred tax assets generated from net operating losses. Current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. If we were to identify and implement tax planning strategies to recover these deferred tax assets or generate sufficient income of the appropriate character in these jurisdictions in the future
 it could lead to the reversal of these valuation allowances and a reduction of income tax expense. The Company believes that it will generate sufficient future taxable income to realize the tax benefits related to the remaining net deferred tax assets in our consolidated balance sheets.
 in its valuation allowances. This decrease was primarily related to the reversal of valuation allowances in several foreign jurisdictions. As a result of considering recent significant positive evidence
 including
 among other items
 a consistent pattern of earnings in the past three years
 as well as business plans showing continued profitability
 for additional information on the Company's Philippine bottling operations. In addition
 the Company recognized an increase in its valuation allowances primarily due to the addition of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain investments accounted for under the equity method of accounting and increases in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations.
 in its valuation allowances. This decrease was primarily related to the utilization of net operating losses during the normal course of business operations; the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain expiring attributes; and the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain equity investments. In addition
 the Company recognized an increase in the valuation allowances primarily due to the carryforward of expenses disallowed in the current year and increases in net operating losses during the normal course of business operations.
 in its valuation allowances. This increase was primarily related to valuation allowances on various tax loss carryforwards acquired in conjunction with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business. The Company also recognized an increase in the valuation allowances due to the carryforward of expenses disallowed in the current year and changes to deferred tax assets and a related valuation allowance on certain equity method investments. In addition
 the Company recognized a reduction in the valuation allowances primarily due to the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance on certain expiring attributes; the reversal of a deferred tax asset and related valuation allowance related to the deconsolidation of certain entities; and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Tables)

        

      






        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
The following table summarizes our property
December 31
1
5
5
Machinery
16
15
1
23
23
9
8
Property
14
14
939




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States define fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Additionally
Level&#160;2&#160;&#8212; Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level&#160;1. We value assets and liabilities included in this level using dealer and broker quotations
 certain pricing models
 bid prices
 quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets
Level&#160;3&#160;&#8212; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. This includes certain pricing models
In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 certain assets and liabilities are required to be recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. For our Company
 the only assets and liabilities that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis are investments in equity and debt securities classified as trading or available-for-sale and derivative financial instruments. Additionally
The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities using quoted market prices from daily exchange traded markets are based on the closing price as of the balance sheet date and are classified as Level&#160;1. The fair values of our investments in trading and available-for-sale securities classified as Level 2 are priced using quoted market prices for similar instruments or nonbinding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data. Inputs into these valuation techniques include actual trade data
 benchmark yields
 broker/dealer quotes and other similar data. These inputs are obtained from quoted market prices
The fair values of our derivative instruments other than futures are determined using standard valuation models. The significant inputs used in these models are readily available in public markets
 or can be derived from observable market transactions
 and therefore have been classified as Level&#160;2. Inputs used in these standard valuation models for derivative instruments other than futures include the applicable exchange rates
 forward rates
 interest rates and discount rates. The standard valuation model for options also uses implied volatility as an additional input. The discount rates are based on the historical U.S. Deposit or U.S. Treasury rates
Included in the fair value of derivative instruments is an adjustment for nonperformance risk. The adjustment is based on current credit default swap (CDS) rates applied to each contract
December&#160;31
1
3
4
1
3
5
December&#160;31
1
1
1
2
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
In addition to assets and liabilities that are recorded at fair value on a recurring basis
 the Company records assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis as required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Generally
December&#160;31
 2012
December 31
As a result of the merger of Andina and Polar
The Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA executed a share purchase agreement for the sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated Philippine bottling operations. As a result of this agreement
 the Company was required to classify our Philippine bottling operations as held for sale in our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31
 during the year ended December 31
 2012
 as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 issuing additional shares of its own stock at a per share amount greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment. Accordingly
 the Company recognized due to the Company acquiring an ownership interest in Mikuni for which we paid a premium over the publicly traded market price. This premium was expensed on the acquisition date. Subsequent to this transaction
As a result of the merger of Arca and Contal
 the Company recognized a gain of $
 primarily as a result of Coca-Cola FEMSA
 an equity method investee
 issuing additional shares of its own stock at per share amounts greater than the carrying value of the Company's per share investment. Accordingly
 related to an investment in an entity accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Subsequent to the recognition of these impairment charges
These assets primarily consisted of Company-owned inventory as well as cold-drink equipment that were damaged or lost as a result of the natural disasters in Japan on March 11
 related to Company-owned inventory and cold-drink equipment
The fair value hierarchy discussed above is not only applicable to assets and liabilities that are included in our consolidated balance sheets
 but is also applied to certain other assets that indirectly impact our consolidated financial statements. For example
 our Company sponsors and/or contributes to a number of pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Assets contributed by the Company become the property of the individual plans. Even though the Company no longer has control over these assets
 we are indirectly impacted by subsequent fair value adjustments to these assets. The actual return on these assets impacts the Company's future net periodic benefit cost
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
Mutual
1
1
3
2
1
7
2
2
1
6
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
Mutual
Purchases
1
1
Purchases
1
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
Mutual
The fair value of our long-term debt is estimated using Level 2 inputs based on quoted prices for those instruments. Where quoted prices are not available
 fair value is estimated using discounted cash flows and market-based expectations for interest rates
December&#160;31
 2012
 the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
$16
17
157 million
December&#160;31
 2011
 the carrying amount and fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
$15
16
360 million
 respectively.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments
 assets
 and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the Company is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risk is are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information. Also includes fair value disclosures related to pension plan assets and related to non-financial instruments
 such as intangibles.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



Equity method investments
 disclosures
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

087

472

663

464
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

821

271

053

028
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

266

201

610

436
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

605

181

134

369
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

993

237

659
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

904

138

570
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Concentrate
 syrup and finished product sales
        
        
        
        
        

737

100

900

200
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

587

147

034
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

241
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

054

960
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

687

152
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

741

112
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

004

545
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

272

646
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

276

191
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

827

392
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

465

921
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

216

233

216

233
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including noncontrolling interest
 reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding noncontrolling interest
 attributable to the equity method investment of the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at beginning of year at Dec. 31
 2009
        
        
        

657

618
        

398)
        


Balance at beginning of year (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2009
        
        

605
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

760
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

787
        
        
        

787
        
        
        


Dividends (per share &#x2014; $1.02
 $0.94 and $0.88 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively)
        
        
        
        

068)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

188)
        


        

003
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year at Dec. 31
 2010
        
        
        

177

337

509)

762)
        


Balance at end of year (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2010
        
        

583
        
        
        
        
        


        

760
        

760
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

584
        
        
        

584
        
        
        


Dividends (per share &#x2014; $1.02
 $0.94 and $0.88 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively)
        
        
        
        

300)
        
        
        


        
        

265)
        
        
        

265)
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

372)
        


        

635
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year at Dec. 31
 2011

921
        
        

332

621

774)

304)
        


Balance at end of year (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2011
        
        

526
        
        
        
        
        


        

760
        

760
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

019
        
        
        

019
        
        
        


Dividends (per share &#x2014; $1.02
 $0.94 and $0.88 in 2012
 2011 and 2010
 respectively)
        
        
        
        

595)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        

491)
        


        

790
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Balance at end of year at Dec. 31
 2012

168
        
        

379

045

385)

009)
        


Balance at end of year (in shares) at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        

469
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized) related to awards issued in connection with an acquisition.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax. Also includes the changes in the fair value of net investment hedges.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 redeeming or purchasing the interests of noncontrolling shareholders
 issuance of shares (interests) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to the parent entity for other than cash
 and a buyback of shares (interest) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary from the noncontrolling interests).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any shares forfeited. Shares issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of stock value of such awards forfeited. Stock issued could result from the issuance of restricted stock
 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        

086

646

837


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

513

329

154


        
        
        
        


        

408

319

116




        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax. Also includes reclassification adjustments such as: (1) the unrealized holding gain or loss
 net of tax
 at the date of the transfer for a debt security from the held-to-maturity category transferred into the available-for-sale category. Also includes the unrealized gain or loss at the date of transfer for a debt security from the available-for-sale category transferred into the held-to-maturity category; (2) the unrealized gains or losses realized upon the sale of securities
 after tax; and (3) the unrealized gains or losses realized upon the write-down of securities
 after tax.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
2
1
1
Sales
8
9
009




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
 -Paragraph 20
 24
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Operations
 Reportable Information
 by Operating Segment
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net

476

939

727


Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net

017

542

119


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


Operations
 Reportable Information
 by Operating Segment
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net

509

043

251


Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net

732

699

629



          

        
        
        


Operations
 Reportable Information
 by Operating Segment
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net

967

896

476


Sales Revenue
 Goods
 Net

285

843

490




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      














 2012

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



 2011

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2010



          



 2011



          



 2010

          



 2011

          



 2012



          



 2010

          



 2010



          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012

          



 2012



          



 2012

          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Productivity
 integration and restructuring initiatives
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cost method investments
 other-than-temporary decline in fair value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Equity Method Investment
 Realized Gain (Loss) on Disposal
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other-than-temporary impairment charges
 available-for-sale securities
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

978
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

978
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other-than-temporary impairment charges on available-for-sale securities
 equity method investments and donations of preferred shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item. The entity has recorded its proportionate share of these items as a component of equity income (loss) - net.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other than temporary impairment related to credit losses on debt securities
 and other than temporary impairment losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element represents the amount of net gain (loss) recognized by the entity as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity interest in the acquiree it held before the business combination.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but one which is not further classified as a discontinued operation
 to fair value less cost to sell. A (gain) results from a subsequent increase in fair value less cost to sell
 but not in excess of the cumulative loss previously recognized. For example
 the write-down of a disposal group subject to a plan of sale
 which was not sold in the current period
 to its held-for-sale value. The loss (gain) is included in income from continuing operations before income taxes in the income statement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 OTTI related to credit losses on debt securities
 and OTTI losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Additionally
 this item includes OTTI losses recognized during the period on investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding asset retirement obligations.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

456
717
996
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

103
981
811




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
 2012
16
12
135 million
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
In addition
7
December&#160;31
 2012
Included in the credit facilities discussed above
6
. There were no borrowings under these backup lines of credit during 2012. These credit facilities are subject to normal banking terms and conditions. Some of the financial arrangements require compensating balances
During 2012
1
2
1
 total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2014
1
 total principal amount of notes due March 13
 2015
 total principal amount of notes due March 14
 2018
During 2011
2
1
1
 total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2016
1
 total principal amount of notes due September 1
 2021
During the fourth quarter of 2011
 and was not scheduled to mature until 2012. This debt was outstanding prior to the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business. In addition
During the first quarter of 2011
During the second quarter of 2011
During the third quarter of 2011
 in the line item interest expense in our consolidated statement of income during the year ended December 31
 2011. This net charge was due to the exchange
During 2010
 in connection with the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business
7
 of long-term debt
9
On November&#160;15
 2010
4
2
1
1
 in interest expense related to the premiums paid to repurchase the long-term debt and the costs associated with the settlement of treasury rate locks issued in connection with the debt tender offer. The general terms of the notes issued on November&#160;15
 2010
1
 total principal amount of notes due May&#160;15
 2012
1
 total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2013
1
 total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2015
1
 total principal amount of notes due November&#160;15
 2020
Subsequent to the repurchase of a portion of the long-term debt assumed from CCE
 the general terms of the debt assumed and remaining outstanding as of December 31
 2010
2
2
The Company's long-term debt consisted of the following (in millions
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
13
12
2
2
Other
5
16
15
1
2
14
13
These rates represent the weighted-average effective interest rate on the balances outstanding as of year end
 as adjusted for the effects of interest rate swap agreements as well as fair value adjustments
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 the fair value of our long-term debt
 including the current portion
17
16
360 million
The above notes and debentures include various restrictions
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
&#160;years. The amortization of these fair value adjustments will be a reduction of interest expense in future periods
 which will typically result in our interest expense being less than the actual interest paid to service the debt. Total interest paid was $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
1
2
2
1
1
439




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 debt securities (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 alternative investments (as a percent)
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 alternative investments (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 fixed income securities (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 mutual
 pooled and commingled funds (as a percent)
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        


Target allocation
 fixed income securities (as a percent)
        



          

        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        



          

        


        
        


Target allocation
 equity securities (as a percent)
        



          

        


        
        


Target allocation
 debt securities (as a percent)
        



          

        


        
        


Target allocation
 debt securities (as a percent)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pooled and commingled funds to the fair value of total plan assets held as of the measurement date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 divided between European Plans and other International subsidiaries.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2012






 2011






 2010






 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011


 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2010

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012








 2011








 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012

          



 2011



          



 2012








 2011








 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012










 2011










 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2011



          



 2012








 2011








 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012










 2011










 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012








 2011








 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]






 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2011




 Defined Benefit [Member]

          



 2012



          



 2011



          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012










 2011










 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



 2012





          



 2011





          



Fair Value
 Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other-than-temporary impairment charges
 available-for-sale securities
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

584

171

497
        
        

881

395
        
        
        
        
        
        

510
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

448

550
        
        

847

366
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

955

459
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

006
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

181

162
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

162
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Purchases
 sales and settlements-net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

181

162
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sales
 issues
 and settlements (net) which have taken place in relation to assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs (level 3).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 OTTI related to credit losses on debt securities
 and OTTI losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Additionally
 this item includes OTTI losses recognized during the period on investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

442

803


        

017

088


TOTAL CASH
 CASH EQUIVALENTS AND SHORT-TERM INVESTMENTS

459

891


        

092
        


Trade accounts receivable
 less allowances of $53 and $83
 respectively

759

920


        

264

092


        

781

450


        

973
        


        

328

497


        

216

233


OTHER INVESTMENTS
 PRINCIPALLY BOTTLING COMPANIES

232

141


        

585

495


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT - net

476

939


        

527

430


        

405

770


        

255

219


        

150

250


        

174

974


        
        
        


        

680

009


        

297

871


        

577

041


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

821

283


        

736

656


        

468

420


        

981

694


        
        
        


Common stock
 $0.25 par value; Authorized &#x2014; 11
200 shares; Issued &#x2014; 7
040 and 7
040 shares
 respectively

760

760


        

379

332


        

045

621


        

385)

774)


Treasury stock
 at cost &#x2014; 2
571 and 2
514 shares
 respectively

009)

304)


        

790

635


        
        
        


        

168

921


        

174

974




        
          

        
          
            

 or (ii) a series of operating losses of an investee or other factors which may indicate that a decrease in value of the investment has occurred which is other than temporary and should accordingly be recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer and the sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of the portions of all long-term notes and loans payable due within one year or the operating cycle if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 symbol or other device or style for a projected indefinite period of benefit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of unamortized discount or premium
 excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer (current maturities). Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) trading securities
 and (3) securities available-for-sale which are intended to be held for less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 usually less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Inventories consist primarily of raw materials and packaging (which includes ingredients and supplies) and finished goods (which include concentrates and syrups in our concentrate operations
 and finished beverages in our finished product operations). Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost on the basis of the average cost or first-in
December 31
1
1
1
1
3
3
092




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Investments in debt and marketable securities
 other than investments accounted for under the equity method
 are classified as trading
 available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Our marketable equity investments are classified as either trading or available-for-sale with their cost basis determined by the specific identification method. Our investments in debt securities are carried at either amortized cost or fair value. Investments in debt securities that the Company has the positive intent and ability to hold to maturity are carried at amortized cost and classified as held-to-maturity. Investments in debt securities that are not classified as held-to-maturity are carried at fair value and classified as either trading or available-for-sale. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on trading securities and realized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities are included in net income. Unrealized gains and losses
 net of deferred taxes
 on available-for-sale securities are included in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of AOCI
December&#160;31
 2012
 our trading securities had a fair value of $
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
1
1
3
3
4
4
1
1
1
During 2012
 the Company made a change to its overall cash management program. In an effort to manage counterparty risk and diversify our assets
Years Ending December 31
5
In 2012
 the Company had investments classified as available-for-sale securities in which our cost basis exceeded the fair value of our investment. Management assessed each of these investments on an individual basis to determine if the decline in fair value was other than temporary. Management's assessment as to the nature of a decline in fair value is based on
 among other things
 the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than our cost basis; the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; and our intent and ability to retain the investment for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value. As a result of these assessments
In 2011 and 2010
 the Company realized losses of $
 respectively
During 2011
 the Company began using one of its insurance captives to reinsure group annuity insurance contracts that cover the pension obligations of certain of our European pension plans. In accordance with local insurance regulations
 our insurance captive is required to meet and maintain minimum solvency capital requirements. The Company elected to invest its solvency capital in a portfolio of available-for-sale securities
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2011
 the Company's available-for-sale securities included solvency capital funds of $
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
2
Other investments
1
4
1
December&#160;31
 2012
1
1
1
1
1
4
4
Cost method investments are initially recorded at cost
 and we record dividend income when applicable dividends are declared. Cost method investments are reported as other investments in our consolidated balance sheets
 and dividend income from cost method investments is reported in other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. We review all of our cost method investments quarterly to determine if impairment indicators are present; however
 we are not required to determine the fair value of these investments unless impairment indicators exist. When impairment indicators exist
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
In 2012
 the Company recorded a charge of $




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which include such securities (other than those equity securities accounted for under the equity method of accounting)
 with readily determinable fair values and cost method investments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
AOCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company is separately presented on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of The Coca-Cola Company's shareowners' equity
 which also includes our proportionate share of equity method investees' AOCI. Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) attributable to noncontrolling interests is allocated to
 and included in
December 31
(1
(1
(2
(1
(3
(2
OCI attributable to shareowners of The Coca-Cola Company
 including our proportionate share of equity method investees' OCI
December&#160;31
 2012
 
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
265




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes
 but is not limited to
 1) the amount of income tax expense or benefit allocated to each component of other comprehensive income
 including reclassification adjustments
 2) the reclassification adjustments for each classification of other comprehensive income and 3) the ending accumulated balances for each component of comprehensive income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December&#160;31
 2012
 we were contingently liable for guarantees of indebtedness owed by third parties of $
 for additional information related to the Company's maximum exposure to loss due to our involvement with VIEs. Our guarantees are primarily related to third-party customers
 bottlers
 vendors and container manufacturing operations and have arisen through the normal course of business. These guarantees have various terms
 and none of these guarantees were individually significant. The amount represents the maximum potential future payments that we could be required to make under the guarantees; however
During the period from 1970 to 1981
 our Company owned Aqua-Chem
&#160;Inc.
 now known as Cleaver-Brooks
&#160;Inc. (Aqua-Chem). During that time
 of insurance coverage
 which also insures Aqua-Chem for some of its prior and future costs for certain product liability and other claims. A division of Aqua-Chem manufactured certain boilers that contained gaskets that Aqua-Chem purchased from outside suppliers. Several years after our Company sold this entity
 Aqua-Chem received its first lawsuit relating to asbestos
40
 active claims pending against it. In September 2002
 for out-of-pocket litigation-related expenses. Aqua-Chem also demanded that the Company acknowledge a continuing obligation to Aqua-Chem for any future liabilities and expenses that are excluded from coverage under the applicable insurance or for which there is no insurance. Our Company disputes Aqua-Chem's claims
 and we believe we have no obligation to Aqua-Chem for any of its past
 present or future liabilities
 costs or expenses. Furthermore
 we believe we have substantial legal and factual defenses to Aqua-Chem's claims. The parties entered into litigation in Georgia to resolve this dispute
 which was stayed by agreement of the parties pending the outcome of litigation filed in Wisconsin by certain insurers of Aqua-Chem. In that case
 plaintiff insurance companies filed a declaratory judgment action against Aqua-Chem
 defendant insurance companies seeking a determination of the parties' rights and liabilities under policies issued by the insurers and reimbursement for amounts paid by plaintiffs in excess of their obligations. During the course of the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation
 Aqua-Chem and the Company reached settlements with several of the insurers
 including plaintiffs
 who have or will pay funds into an escrow account for payment of costs arising from the asbestos claims against Aqua-Chem. On July&#160;24
 2007
 the Wisconsin trial court entered a final declaratory judgment regarding the rights and obligations of the parties under the insurance policies issued by the remaining defendant insurers
 which judgment was not appealed. The judgment directs
 among other things
 of those insurers (the &#8220;Chartis insurers&#8221;) would be finalized in May 2011
 but such insurers repudiated their settlement commitments and
 as a result
 Aqua-Chem and the Company filed suit against them in Wisconsin state court to enforce the coverage-in-place settlement or
 in the alternative
 to obtain a declaratory judgment validating Aqua-Chem and the Company's interpretation of the court's judgment in the Wisconsin insurance coverage litigation. In February 2012
 the parties filed and argued a number of cross-motions for summary judgment related to the issues of the enforceability of the settlement agreement and the exhaustion of policies underlying those of the Chartis insurers. The court granted defendants' motions for summary judgment that the 2011 Settlement Agreement and 2010 Term Sheet were not binding contracts
 but denied their similar motions related to plaintiffs' claims for promissory and/or equitable estoppel. On or about May 15
 2012
 the parties entered into a mutually agreeable settlement/stipulation resolving two major issues: exhaustion of underlying coverage and control of defense; and
 on or about January 10
 2013
 the parties reached a settlement of the remaining coverage issues and the estoppel claims. The Chartis insurers have filed a notice of appeal with respect to certain issues that were the subject of summary judgment orders earlier in the case. Whatever the outcome of that appeal
 years
 and (b) the various insurers that cover the asbestos-related claims against Aqua-Chem remain solvent
 regardless of the outcome of the coverage-in-place settlement litigation but taking into account the issues resolved to date
At the time we acquire or divest our interest in an entity
The Company is involved in various tax matters
The Company has numerous global insurance programs in place to help protect the Company from the risk of loss. In general
 we are self-insured for large portions of many different types of claims; however
 we do use commercial insurance above our self-insured retentions to reduce the Company's risk of catastrophic loss. Our reserves for the Company's self-insured losses are estimated through actuarial procedures of the insurance industry and by using industry assumptions
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
150
 associates
68
 associates were located in the United States. Our Company
 through its divisions and subsidiaries
December&#160;31
 2012
17
December&#160;31
Years Ending December 31





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingencies
 and guarantees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


Income before income taxes
 United States

526
000
000

029
000
000

188
000
000


Income before income taxes
 International

283
000
000

429
000
000

019
000
000


        

809
000
000

458
000
000

207
000
000


        

000
000

612
000
000

766
000
000


        
        
        
        


Current income tax expense (benefit)
 United States

000
000

000
000

000
000


Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 United States

000
000

000
000

000
000


Current income tax expense (benefit)
 State and Local

000
000

000
000

000
000


Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 State and Local

000
000

000
000

000
000


Current income tax expense (benefit)
 International

415
000
000

425
000
000

212
000
000


Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 International

000
000)

000
000

000
000


Current income tax expense (benefit)
 total

091
000
000

777
000
000

766
000
000


Deferred income tax expense (benefit)
 total

000
000

035
000
000

000
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Tax expense (benefit) related to uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 foreign

000
000

000
000)

000
000


        

000
000

000
000
        


        

000
000

000
000
        


        

000
000)

000
000

000
000


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses
        
        
        


Other than Temporary Impairment Losses
 Investments
 Portion Recognized in Earnings
 Net
        

000
000

000
000


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Gains
        
        
        


        
        

000
000)

000
000)


        
        
        
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Unusual or Infrequent Items Productivity
 Integration
 Restructuring
 Transaction Costs and other activities

000
000

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


Effective tax impact of restructuring charges
 asset impairments
 transacton gains and others one-time items (as a percent)
        
        
        


        
        

000
000)
        


Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Debt Repurchased
 Extinguished and other Financial Items
        

000
000)

000
000)


        
        

000
000

000
000


Net charge on exchange
 repayment or extinguishment of long-term debt
        

000
000
        


Income Tax Reconciliation
 tax benefit due to impairments
        

000
000)
        


Tax expense (benefit) related to uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 domestic
        

000
000)

000
000


Uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 foreign (as a percent)
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


Effective income tax rate impact related to debt extinguishment
 remeasurement of subsidiary assets
 other than temporary charges and donation (as a percent)
        
        
        


Effective income tax rate uncertain tax positions
 including interest and penalties
 domestic (as a percent)
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000)


        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        

000
000)

000
000)

000
000)


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        
        

000
000)
        


        

000
000)

000
000)
        


        

000
000)

000
000)

000
000)


        
        
        

000
000


        

000
000)

000
000)

000
000)


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        

000
000
        
        


        

000
000
        
        


Unrecognized tax benefits
 interest and penalties accrued

000
000

000
000

000
000


Unrecognized tax expense (benefits)
 interest and penalties expense

000
000

000
000)

000
000


        

900
000
000
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

000
000


        
        

000
000)
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

978
000
000


        
        
        

000
000)


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

240
000
000)

000
000)

984
000
000


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
000
        


        

000
000

000
000

000
000


        
        

000
000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal
        

000
000)

000
000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

978
000
000


        
        
        

000
000



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 productivity and impairment charges under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 assets or investments in subsidiaries.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable
 under enacted tax laws that were recognized by an equity method investee during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item. The entity has recorded its proportionate share of these items as a component of equity income (loss) - net.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 loss related to remeasurement of subsidiaries
 other than temporary impairment charges and a donation of preferred shares in a equity method investees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as repurchase
 exchange or earlier extinguishment. Also may include settlement of treasury rate locks issued in connection with a debt tender offer
 loss related to reamasurement of hyperinflationary subsidiary assets
 other than temporary impairment charges and other transactions related to equity method investments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 integration
 restructuring 
transaction costs and other activities that create a different taxis basis
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repayment or extinguishment of debt
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

  the amortization of favorable supply contracts from an acquisition; proportionate share of restructuring charges recorded by an equity method investee; and charges related to the repurchase of certain long-term debt. It can include other charges that are not frequent or usual.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which would be received in different tax jurisdictions in the event that the entity did not prevail on all uncertain tax positions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and therefore does not meet both criteria for classification as an extraordinary item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element represents the amount of net gain (loss) recognized by the entity as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity interest in the acquiree it held before the business combination.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether recorded or adjusted
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether recorded or adjusted
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 between total income tax expense or benefit as reported in the Income Statement for the year/accounting period and the expected income tax expense or benefit computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations
 that is attributable to changes in domestic income tax contingencies
 whether recorded or adjusted
 during the year/accounting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether recorded or adjusted
 during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 OTTI related to credit losses on debt securities
 and OTTI losses on debt securities when the entity intends to sell the securities or it is more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Additionally
 this item includes OTTI losses recognized during the period on investments accounted for under the cost method of accounting.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding amounts pertaining to examined tax returns.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        

      






        
        


PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
PROPERTY
The following table summarizes our property
December 31
1
5
5
Machinery
16
15
1
23
23
9
8
Property
14
14
939




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software. This disclosure may include property plant and equipment accounting policies and methodology
 a schedule of property
 plant and equipment gross
 additions
 deletions
 transfers and other changes
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 net
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense and useful lives
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Held-to-maturity securities
 by type
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 cost
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 estimated fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 by type
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 cost
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 estimated fair value
        
        



          

        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 by type
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 cost
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 estimated fair value
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 gross unrealized gains
        
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 gross unrealized losses
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 the excess of fair value over carrying value (amortized cost) of a debt security categorized as held-to-maturity
 exclusive of dividend or interest income recognized but not yet received and exclusive of any write-downs for other-than-temporary impairment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the excess of carrying value (amortized cost) over fair value of a debt security categorized as held-to-maturity
 exclusive of dividend or interest income recognized but not yet received and exclusive of any write-downs for other-than-temporary impairment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whichever is longer; such investments are measured at amortized cost (carrying value). The held-to-maturity category is for those securities that the Entity has the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
The Company is directly and indirectly affected by changes in certain market conditions. These changes in market conditions may adversely impact the Company's financial performance and are referred to as market risks. Our Company
 when deemed appropriate
 uses derivatives as a risk management tool to mitigate the potential impact of certain market risks. The primary market risks managed by the Company through the use of derivative instruments are foreign currency exchange rate risk
The Company uses various types of derivative instruments including
 but not limited to
 forward contracts
 commodity futures contracts
 option contracts
 collars and swaps. Forward contracts and commodity futures contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined future date
 and at a predetermined rate or price. An option contract is an agreement that conveys the purchaser the right
 but not the obligation
 to buy or sell a quantity of a currency or commodity at a predetermined rate or price during a period or at a time in the future. A collar is a strategy that uses a combination of options to limit the range of possible positive or negative returns on an underlying asset or liability to a specific range
 or to protect expected future cash flows. To do this
 an investor simultaneously buys a put option and sells (writes) a call option
 or alternatively buys a call option and sells (writes) a put option. A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on specified underlying notional amounts
All derivatives are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets in the following line items
 as applicable: prepaid expenses and other assets; other assets; accounts payable and accrued expenses; and other liabilities. The carrying values of the derivatives reflect the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
The accounting for gains and losses that result from changes in the fair values of derivative instruments depends on whether the derivatives have been designated and qualify as hedging instruments and the type of hedging relationships. Derivatives can be designated as fair value hedges
 cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations. The changes in the fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify for fair value hedge accounting are recorded in the same line item in our consolidated statements of income as the changes in the fair values of the hedged items attributable to the risk being hedged. The changes in fair values of derivatives that have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedges or hedges of net investments in foreign operations are recorded in AOCI and are reclassified into the line item in our consolidated statement of income in which the hedged items are recorded in the same period the hedged items affect earnings. Due to the high degree of effectiveness between the hedging instruments and the underlying exposures being hedged
For derivatives that will be accounted for as hedging instruments
 the Company formally designates and documents
 at inception
 the financial instrument as a hedge of a specific underlying exposure
 the risk management objective and the strategy for undertaking the hedge transaction. In addition
 the Company formally assesses
 both at the inception and at least quarterly thereafter
. The notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments do not necessarily represent amounts exchanged by the parties and
 therefore
 are not a direct measure of our exposure to the financial risks described above. The amounts exchanged are calculated by reference to the notional amounts and by other terms of the derivatives
 such as interest rates
 foreign currency exchange rates
 commodity rates or other financial indices. The Company does not view the fair values of its derivatives in isolation
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
We have established strict counterparty credit guidelines and enter into transactions only with financial institutions of investment grade or better. We monitor counterparty exposures regularly and review any downgrade in credit rating immediately. If a downgrade in the credit rating of a counterparty were to occur
 we have provisions requiring collateral in the form of U.S. government securities for substantially all of our transactions. To mitigate presettlement risk
 minimum credit standards become more stringent as the duration of the derivative financial instrument increases. In addition
 the Company's master netting agreements reduce credit risk by permitting the Company to net settle for transactions with the same counterparty. To minimize the concentration of credit risk
 we enter into derivative transactions with a portfolio of financial institutions. Based on these factors
The Company uses cash flow hedges to minimize the variability in cash flows of assets or liabilities or forecasted transactions caused by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company maintains a foreign currency cash flow hedging program to reduce the risk that our eventual U.S. dollar net cash inflows from sales outside the United States and U.S. dollar net cash outflows from procurement activities will be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into forward contracts and purchase foreign currency options (principally euros and Japanese yen) and collars to hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in foreign currencies. When the U.S. dollar strengthens against the foreign currencies
 the decline in the present value of future foreign currency cash flows is partially offset by gains in the fair value of the derivative instruments. Conversely
 when the U.S. dollar weakens
4
5
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Our Company monitors our mix of short-term debt and long-term debt regularly. From time to time
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI in income for the effective portion and ineffective portion
 if any
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
6
5
December&#160;31
 2012
During the first quarter of 2012
December&#160;31
December 31
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company uses forward contracts to protect the value of our investments in a number of foreign subsidiaries. For derivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedges of net investments in foreign operations
 the changes in fair values of the derivative instruments are recognized in net foreign currency translation gain (loss)
 a component of AOCI
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
December&#160;31
 2012
. In addition
December&#160;31
 2012
In addition to derivative instruments that are designated and qualify for hedge accounting
 the Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges of foreign currency and commodity exposure. Although these derivatives were not designated and/or did not qualify for hedge accounting
The Company uses foreign currency economic hedges to offset the earnings impact that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates have on certain monetary assets and liabilities denominated in nonfunctional currencies. The changes in fair value of economic hedges used to offset the monetary assets and liabilities are recognized into earnings in the line item other income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income. In addition
3
3
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company also uses certain derivatives as economic hedges to mitigate the price risk associated with the purchase of materials used in the manufacturing process and for vehicle fuel. The changes in fair values of these economic hedges are immediately recognized into earnings in the line items net operating revenues
 cost of goods sold
 and selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
In connection with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
October&#160;2
. As of December&#160;31
 2010
 all interest rate derivatives acquired from CCE were settled and will have no additional impact on future earnings. In 2010
 in interest expense during 2010. As of December&#160;31
 2010
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 derivatives in hedging activities and non-hedging derivative instruments
 the assets
 obligations
 liabilities
 revenues and expenses arising therefrom
 and the amounts of and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts of such items.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our consolidated net income includes our Company's proportionate share of the net income or loss of our equity method investees. When we record our proportionate share of net income
 it increases equity income (loss)&#160;&#8212; net in our consolidated statements of income and our carrying value in that investment. Conversely
 when we record our proportionate share of a net loss
We eliminate from our financial results all significant intercompany transactions
October&#160;2
 2010
 we completed our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and relinquished our indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations. As a result of this transaction
October&#160;2
. Therefore
 December&#160;31
 2010
 of the outstanding common stock of CCE immediately prior to the acquisition. The following table provides summarized financial information for CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
16
10
6
1
The following table provides a summary of our significant transactions with CCE for the nine months ended October&#160;1
October&#160;1
Concentrate
4
Syrup and finished product purchases from CCE represent purchases of fountain syrup in certain territories that have been resold by our Company to major customers and purchases of bottle and can products. Marketing payments made by us directly to CCE represent support of certain marketing activities and our participation with CCE in cooperative advertising and other marketing activities to promote the sale of Company trademark products within CCE territories. These programs were agreed to on an annual basis. Marketing payments made to third parties on behalf of CCE represent support of certain marketing activities and programs to promote the sale of Company trademark products within CCE's territories in conjunction with certain of CCE's customers. Pursuant to cooperative advertising and trade agreements with CCE
 we received funds from CCE for local media and marketing program reimbursements. Payments made to CCE for dispensing equipment repair services represent reimbursement to CCE for its costs of parts and labor for repairs on cooler
Our Company had previously entered into programs with CCE designed to help develop cold-drink infrastructure. Under these programs
The Company evaluated all of our preexisting relationships with CCE prior to the close of the transaction. Based on these evaluations
The Company's other equity method investments include our ownership interests in Coca-Cola Hellenic
December&#160;31
 2012
 we owned approximately 
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
2
A summary of financial information for our equity method investees in the aggregate
 other than CCE
Year Ended December 31
47
42
38
28
26
23
18
16
15
4
4
4
2
2
2
2
2
2
December 31
16
13
32
27
48
41
12
10
12
11
24
22
23
18
24
18
9
7
Net sales to equity method investees other than CCE
 the majority of which are located outside the United States
 were $
 $
 
 respectively. Total payments
 primarily marketing
1
587 million
1
1
034 million
 
 respectively. In addition
 purchases of finished products from equity method investees other than CCE were $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
 quoted closing prices of shares actively traded on stock markets
1
1
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively. The total amount of dividends received from equity method investees was $
December&#160;31
 2012
 
 special dividend from Coca-Cola Hellenic during 2012 and 2011
 respectively. We classified the receipt of these cash dividends in cash flows from operating activities because our cumulative equity in earnings from Coca-Cola Hellenic exceeded the cumulative distributions received; therefore
 the dividends were deemed to be a return on our investment and not a return of our investment.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
6
6
7
7
12
12
26
26
The decrease in 2012 was primarily related to the Company's consolidated Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations being transferred to assets held for sale as of December 31
9
11
Divestitures
10
12
10
12
Divestitures
10
12
Relates to the transfer of goodwill associated with the Company's consolidated Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations to assets held for sale as of December 31
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
1
1
1
1
137
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
 we estimate our amortization expense for the next five years will be as follows (in millions):




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 44
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


Cost method investments
 carrying value
        
        


Cost method investments
 other-than-temporary decline in fair value
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such investments do not have readily determinable fair values and are not required to be accounted for by the equity method. The carrying amount of such securities equates to cost
 adjusted for other-than-temporary impairment. The cost method and lower-of-cost or market
 an adaptation of the cost method
 is generally followed for most investments in noncontrolled corporations
 in some corporate joint ventures
 and to a lesser extent in unconsolidated subsidiaries
 particularly foreign.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but would not necessarily be limited to
 absence of an ability to recover the carrying amount of the investment or inability of the investee to sustain an earnings capacity which would justify the carrying amount of the investment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
        
        
        


Trademarks and other intangible assets
 deferred tax asset
        
        
        


Equity method investments (including foreign currency translation adjustment)
 deferred tax asset
        
        
        


Derivative financial instrument
 deferred tax asset
        
        
        


Other liabilities
 deferred tax asset

178

257
        


Benefit plans
 deferred tax asset

808

022
        


Net operating/capital loss carryforwards
 deferred tax asset
        
        
        


Other
 deferred tax asset
        
        
        


        

579

128
        


        
        
        
        


        

092

269
        


        
        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment

204)

039)
        


Trademarks and other intangible assets
 deferred tax liabilities

133)

201)
        


Equity method investments (including foreign currency translation adjustment)
 deferred tax liability
        
        
        


Derivative financial instruments
 deferred tax liabilities
        
        
        


Other liabilities
 deferred tax liability
        
        
        


Benefit plans
 deferred tax liability
        
        
        


Other
 deferred tax liability
        
        
        


        

757)

512)
        


        

665)

243)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

494
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

978


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

978


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 whether dues to amortization or other reasons
 will decrease future taxable income when such difference reverses. Intangible assets include
 but are not limited to
 patents
 trademarks and customer lists.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 located in countries outside the United States.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element represents the amount of net gain (loss) recognized by the entity as a result of remeasuring to fair value the equity interest in the acquiree it held before the business combination.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph a
 d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before the adoption of the recognition provisions of FAS 158. Under FAS 158
 prepaid pension costs are no longer recognized in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 foreign and state and local operating loss carryforwards
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


        
        
        


Notional value
 derivatives designated and qualifying
 foreign currency cash flow hedges

715

158


Notional value
 derivatives designated and qualifying
 commodity cash flow hedges
        
        


Notional value
 derivatives designated and qualifying
 fair value hedges

700

700


Notional value
 derivatives designated and qualifying
 hedges of net investments in foreign operations

718

681


Notional value
 derivative instruments not designated and (or) not qualifying
 economic hedges

865

629


Notional value
 derivative instruments not designated and (or) not qualifying
 commodity price risk hedges

084

165


        

764
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Assets
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liabilities
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        


Anticipated gains (losses) cash flows hedges
 estimated reclassification to earnings
        
        


Increase in the carrying value of long-term debt
 in relation to interest rate fair value hedge adjustment
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Assets
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liabilities
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Assets
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Assets
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liabilities
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Assets
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivatives Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liabilities
 at Fair Value
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Asset
 at Fair Value
        
        



          

        
        


Fair Value
 Derivatives Designated and Not Designated as Hedges
        
        


Derivative Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments
 Liability
 at Fair Value
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in relation to interest rate fair value hedge adjustment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares
 bushels
 pounds
 or other units specified in a derivative instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares
 bushels
 pounds
 or other units specified in a derivative instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares
 bushels
 pounds
 or other units specified in a derivative instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


Available-for-sale securities
 within 1 year
 cost

003


Available-for-sale securities
 within 1 year
 fair value

001


Available-for-sale securities
 after 1 years through 5 years
 cost

590


Available-for-sale securities
 after 1 years through 5 years
 fair value

598


Available-for-sale securities
 after 5 years through 10 years
 cost
        


Available-for-sale securities
 after 5 years through 10 years
 fair value
        


Available-for-sale securities
 after 10 years
 cost
        


Available-for-sale securities
 after 10 years
 fair value
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 within 1 year
 amortized cost
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 within 1 year
 fair value
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 1 year through 5 years
 amortized cost
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 1 year through 5 years
 fair value
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 5 years through 10 years
 amortized cost
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 5 years through 10 years
 fair value
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 10 years
 amortized cost
        


Held-to-maturity securities
 after 10 years
 fair value
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments
 maturing in the sixth fiscal year through the tenth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments
 as defined) and fair value hedge accounting adjustments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments
 maturing in the second fiscal year through the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments
 as defined) and fair value hedge accounting adjustments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments
 maturing after the tenth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments
 as defined) and fair value hedge accounting adjustments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments
 maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments
 as defined) and fair value hedge accounting adjustments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments including
 but not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 maturing in the fifth through tenth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments including
 but not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 maturing in the next fiscal year through the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments including
 but not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 maturing after the tenth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of adjustments including
 but not limited to
 accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) recognized
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PRODUCTIVITY
 INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Cost Incurred to Date
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Cost Incurred to Date
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Cost Incurred to Date
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Cost Incurred to Date
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Beginning Balance
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Accrued Balance
 Ending Balance
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding asset retirement obligations.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 previously accrued type of restructuring cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subsection 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Derivative instruments
 fair value
 designated as hedging instruments
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
 as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to 


Derivative instruments
 fair value
 not designated as hedging instruments
1
December&#160;31
December&#160;31
All of the Company's derivative instruments are carried at fair value in our consolidated balance sheets after considering the impact of legally enforceable master netting agreements and cash collateral held or placed with the same counterparties
 as applicable. Current disclosure requirements mandate that derivatives must also be disclosed without reflecting the impact of master netting agreements and cash collateral. Refer to 


Derivative instruments
 pretax impact that changes in the fair value of the derivatives designated as hedges had on AOCI and earnings
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company records gains and losses reclassified from AOCI in income for the effective portion and ineffective portion
 if any
 to the same line items in our consolidated statements of income.


Derivative instruments
 fair value hedges
 gain (loss) recognized in income
December&#160;31
 2012
 


Derivative instruments
fair value of net investment hedges
 gain (loss) recognized in AOCI
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31



Derivative instruments
 not designated as hedging instruments
 gain (loss) in earnings
December&#160;31
 2012
Year Ended December 31
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the statement of financial position
 for example
 gains and losses initially recognized in other comprehensive income) on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges. Includes the portion of net gains (losses) on (a) the amount of the hedge ineffectiveness and (b) the amount
 if any
 excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Details 3) (Allowance for doubtful accounts
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Balance
 beginning of year
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Balance
 end of year
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our Company sponsors and/or contributes to pension and postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. We also sponsor nonqualified
 unfunded defined benefit pension plans for certain associates. In addition
Effective January 1
 2012
 the Company elected to change our accounting methodology for determining the market-related value of assets for our U.S. qualified defined benefit pension plans. This change in accounting methodology has been applied retrospectively
As part of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010
 for additional information related to this acquisition. These liabilities relate to various pension
December&#160;31
 2012
 of the Company's consolidated projected benefit obligation and pension assets
8
7
1
9
8
1
6
5
1
1
7
6
(2
(2
For pension benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation. For other benefit plans
$9
$7
December&#160;31
 2012
 respectively.
 respectively
 in payments related to unfunded pension plans that were paid from Company assets. Benefits paid to participants of other benefit plans during 
 respectively
In 2012
 primarily relates to the transfer of assets and liabilities associated with the Company's consolidated Philippine bottling operations to assets held for sale and liabilities held for sale as of December 31
December 31
(2
(2
(2
(2
Effective January 1
 2010
 the Company's existing primary U.S. plan was transitioned from a traditional final average pay formula to a cash balance formula. In general
 employees may receive credits based on age
 service
Certain of our pension plans have projected benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets. For these plans
December 31
9
7
6
5
Certain of our pension plans have accumulated benefit obligations in excess of the fair value of plan assets. For these plans
December 31
8
7
6
4
December 31
1
1
Mutual
1
5
4
2
1
Mutual
 pooled and commingled funds include investments in equity securities
 fixed-income securities and combinations of both. There are a significant number of mutual
. Fair value disclosures include
 but are not limited to
The Company utilizes the services of investment managers to actively manage the pension assets of our U.S.&#160;plans. We have established asset allocation targets and investment guidelines with each investment manager. Our asset allocation targets promote optimal expected return and volatility characteristics given the long-term time horizon for fulfilling the obligations of the plan. Selection of the targeted asset allocation for U.S. plan assets was based upon a review of the expected return and risk characteristics of each asset class
 as well as the correlation of returns among asset classes. During 2012
 equity investments
 alternative investments. As of December 31
 2012
 the transition to the new asset allocation targets was not complete
The guidelines that have been established with each investment manager provide parameters within which the investment managers agree to operate
 including criteria that determine eligible and ineligible securities
 diversification requirements and credit quality standards
 where applicable. Unless exceptions have been approved
 investment managers are prohibited from buying or selling commodities
 futures or option contracts
 as well as from short selling of securities. Additionally
December&#160;31
 2012
 in global equities
 with multi-strategy alternative credit managers. Long-duration bonds provide a stable rate of return through investments in high-quality publicly traded debt securities. Our investments in long-duration bonds are diversified in order to mitigate duration and credit exposure. Multi-strategy alternative credit managers invest in a combination of high-yield bonds
 bank loans
 structured credit and emerging market debt. These investments are in lower-rated and non-rated debt securities
In addition to investments in equity securities and fixed-income investments
 in alternative investments. These alternative investments include hedge funds
 reinsurance
 private equity limited partnerships
 leveraged buyout funds
December&#160;31
 2012
 of our international subsidiaries' plan assets
 primarily certain of our European plans
 mutual
 other investments. The investment strategies of our international subsidiaries differ greatly
Plan assets associated with other benefits primarily represent funding of the U.S. postretirement benefit plan through a U.S. Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association (VEBA)
December 31
Mutual
. Fair value disclosures include
 but are not limited to
Year Ended December 31
The special termination benefits primarily relate to the Company's productivity
 for additional information related to our productivity
The following table sets forth the changes in AOCI for our benefit plans (in millions
December 31
(2
(1
(1
(1
(3
(2
The following table sets forth amounts in AOCI for our benefit plans (in millions
December 31
(3
(2
(3
(2
Amounts in AOCI expected to be recognized as components of net periodic pension cost in 2013 are as follows (in millions
December 31
December 31
The expected long-term rate of return assumption for U.S. pension plan assets is based upon the target asset allocation and is determined using forward-looking assumptions in the context of historical returns and volatilities for each asset class
December&#160;31
 2012
 the 10-year annualized return on plan assets in the primary U.S. plan was 
 the 15-year annualized return was 
December 31
The Company's U.S. postretirement benefit plans are primarily defined dollar benefit plans that limit the effects of medical inflation because the plans have established dollar limits for determining our contributions. As a result
December&#160;31
 2012
 were determined using a cash flow matching technique whereby the rates of a yield curve
 developed from high-quality debt securities
 were applied to the benefit obligations to determine the appropriate discount rate. For our non-U.S. plans
Year Ended December 31
2
3
The expected benefit payments for our other postretirement benefit plans are net of estimated federal subsidies expected to be received under the Medicare Prescription Drug
 for the period 2013&#8211;2017
On March&#160;23
 2010
 the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (HR 3590) (the Act) was signed into law. As a result of this legislation
 entities are no longer eligible to receive a tax deduction for the portion of prescription drug expenses reimbursed under the Medicare Part&#160;D subsidy. This change resulted in a reduction of our deferred tax assets and a corresponding charge to income tax expense of 
Our Company sponsors qualified defined contribution plans covering substantially all U.S. employees. Under the largest U.S. defined contribution plan
 of compensation
 subject to certain limitations. Company costs related to the U.S. plans were 
 
 
 respectively. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in certain locations outside the United States. Company costs associated with those plans were 
 
 
As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business during the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company now participates in various multi-employer pension plans in the United States. Multi-employer pension plans are designed to cover employees from multiple employers and are typically established under collective bargaining agreements. These plans allow multiple employers to pool their pension resources and realize efficiencies associated with the daily administration of the plan. 
 respectively. In 2011
 for additional information related to these initiatives. The plans we currently participate in have contractual arrangements that extend into 2017. If
 in the future
 we choose to withdraw from any of the multi-employer pension plans in which we currently participate
 we would need to record the appropriate withdrawal liabilities at that time.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

PRODUCTIVITY
 INTEGRATION AND RESTRUCTURING INITIATIVES

        

      






        
        


Productivity
 Integration and Restructuring Initiatives Disclosure [Text Block]
PRODUCTIVITY
In February 2012
December&#160;31
 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
 communication
During 2008
 the Company announced a transformation effort centered on productivity initiatives to provide additional flexibility to invest for growth. The initiatives impacted a number of areas
In 2011
 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
 communication
In 2010
 we acquired CCE's former North America business and began an integration initiative to develop
 design and implement our future operating framework. Upon completion of the CCE transaction
 we combined the management of the acquired North America business with the management of our existing foodservice business; Minute Maid and Odwalla juice businesses; North America supply chain operations; and Company-owned bottling operations in Philadelphia
 Pennsylvania
 into a unified bottling and customer service organization called Coca-Cola Refreshments
 or CCR. In addition
 we reshaped our remaining CCNA operations into an organization that primarily provides franchise leadership and consumer marketing and innovation for the North American market. As a result of the transaction and related reorganization
 our North American businesses operate as aligned and agile organizations with distinct capabilities
In 2011
 for the impact these charges had on our operating segments. Outside services reported in the table below primarily relate to expenses in connection with legal
 outplacement and consulting activities. Other direct costs reported in the table below include
 among other items
 internal and external costs associated with the development
In 2008
 the Company began an integration initiative related to the 
 $
 
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
The Company is currently reviewing other integration and restructuring opportunities within the German bottling and distribution operations
 which if implemented will result in additional charges in future periods. However
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company had not finalized any additional plans.
 $
 
 respectively. These other restructuring initiatives were outside the scope of the productivity
 integration and streamlining initiatives discussed above and were related to individually insignificant activities throughout many of our business units. These charges were recorded in the line item other operating charges in our consolidated statements of income. Refer to 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
              
 -Subsection 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

080)

893)
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 other noncurrent liabilities
 or a combination of other current and noncurrent liabilities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Number
 of the top five brands in the world
 of owned and marketed nonalcoholic sparkling beverage brands
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Beverage servings consumed per day
 number
        

000
000
000
        
        
        
        


Beverage servings consumed per day which bears trademarks owned by or licensed by the entity
 number
        

800
000
000
        
        
        
        


Period of marketing agreement with customers
 low end of the range (in years)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Period of marketing agreement with customers
 high end of the range (in years)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        


Aggregate deductions for expenses including amortization expense
 incurred in relation to infrastructure programs
        

100
000
000

800
000
000

000
000
000
        
        


Advertising costs included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
        

300
000
000

300
000
000

900
000
000
        
        


        
        

000
000

000
000
        
        
        


Shipping and handling costs included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
        

800
000
000

400
000
000
        
        
        


        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        


Investments classified as cash equivalents
 maximum maturity period (in months)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investments classified as short term investments maturity period
 low end of the range (in months)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Investments classified as short term investments maturity period
 high end of the range (in years)
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stockholders' Equity Note
 Stock Split
 Conversion Ratio
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cumulative Effect on Retained Earnings
 Net of Tax
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


        
        

704
000
000

654
000
000

188
000
000
        
        


        
        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized
        

200
000
000

200
000
000
        

200
000
000

600
000
000


New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle
 Effect of Change on Income from Continuing Operations
        

000
000

000
000

000
000)
        
        


Goodwill
 Trademarks and Other Intangible Assets
        
        
        
        
        
        


Finite Lived Intangible Assets
 Minimum Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        


Finite Lived Intangible Assets
 Maximum Useful Life
        
        
        
        
        
        


Percentage of indefinite-lived intangible assets
 other than goodwill
 for which a qualitative assessment was performed
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
 Maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life
 Maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        


Property
 Plant and Equipment
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 the sale of defective or nonconforming goods
 a strategy to increase sales (generally over the short-term)
 move slow-moving items
 develop distribution channels
 or reward valuable customers. Allowances are a deduction from gross revenue in arriving at net revenue.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill. for which the Company performed a qualitative assessment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer. Also includes direct-response advertising reported as assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on the Company's stock
 historical volatility of the Company's stock and other factors.


        
December&#160;31
 2012
Outstanding on January&#160;1
Outstanding on December&#160;31
2
Expected to vest at December&#160;31
2
Exercisable on December&#160;31
2
200
 and generally vest over 


        
Outstanding on January&#160;1
11
7
Outstanding on December&#160;31
17
December&#160;31
 2012
 at the threshold award and maximum award levels were 
 respectively.


        
Nonvested on January&#160;1
4
(4
Nonvested on December&#160;31
The nonvested shares as of January 1
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 are presented at the performance share units certified award amount.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Common stock
 par value (in dollars per share)
        
        


Common Stock
 Shares Authorized

200

200


Common stock
 shares issued

040

040


Treasury stock
 shares

571

514




        
          

        
          
            

 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

390

071


        
        
        


        

583

276


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

068
        


        
        
        


        

767
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

593

401


        
        
        


        

373

001


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include
 among other items
 US Treasury securities
 US government securities
 municipal securities
 corporate bonds
 convertible debt
 commercial paper
 and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include
 among other things
 common stock
 certain preferred stock
 warrant rights
 call options
 and put options
 but do not include convertible debt. An entity may opt to provide the reader with additional narrative text to better understand the nature of investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized as Available-for-sale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.
              
 -Paragraph 10A
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
During 2012
1
. These payments were primarily related to the following: our investments in the existing beverage business of Aujan Industries Company J.S.C. (Aujan)
 one of the largest independent beverage companies in the Middle East; our investment in Mikuni Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Ltd. (Mikuni)
 a bottling partner located in Japan; our acquisition of Sacramento Coca-Cola Bottling Co.
 Inc. (Sacramento bottler); and our acquisition of bottling operations in Vietnam
 in total value
During 2011
. These payments were primarily related to the acquisitions of Great Plains Coca-Cola Bottling Company (Great Plains) and Honest Tea
 Inc. (Honest Tea)
 and an additional investment in Coca-Cola Central Japan Company (Central Japan). In addition
The Company acquired Great Plains on December 30
 2011. The total purchase price for the Great Plains acquisition was approximately $
 was paid at closing. The purchase price was primarily allocated to property
 plant and equipment
During 2011
 the Company also acquired the remaining ownership interest of Honest Tea not already owned by the Company. Prior to the Company acquiring the remaining ownership interest of Honest Tea
In December 2011
 the Company acquired an additional minority interest in Central Japan. As a result
During 2010
2
. These payments were primarily related to the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the acquisition of certain distribution rights from Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
In addition to the transactions listed in the preceding paragraph
 our acquisition and investment activities during 2010 also included the acquisition of OAO Nidan Juices (Nidan)
 a Russian juice company
 and an additional investment in Fresh Trading&#160;Ltd. (innocent). Total consideration for the Nidan acquisition was approximately $
 which was primarily allocated to property
 plant and equipment
 identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. The Company finalized our purchase accounting for Nidan in the third quarter of 2011. Under the terms of the agreement for our additional investment in innocent
. The Company anticipates acquiring the majority of the remaining outstanding shares in the second quarter of 2013. Currently
 innocent's founders maintain operational control of the business
Pursuant to the terms of the business separation and merger agreement entered into on February&#160;25
 2010
 as amended (the merger agreement)
October&#160;2
 (the acquisition date)
Under the terms of the merger agreement
 indirect ownership interest in CCE's European operations; (2)&#160;cash consideration; and (3)&#160;replacement awards issued to certain current and former employees of CCE's corporate operations and former North America business. At closing
 CCE shareowners other than the Company exchanged their CCE common stock for common stock in a new entity
 which was renamed Coca-Cola Enterprises
&#160;Inc. (which is referred to herein as New CCE) and which continues to hold the European operations held by CCE prior to the acquisition. At closing
 owned by shareowners that held shares of common stock of CCE immediately prior to the closing
 other than the Company. As a result of this transaction
As of October&#160;1
 2010
 of the outstanding common stock of CCE. Based on the closing price of CCE's common stock on the last day of trading prior to the acquisition date
5
373 million
 which reflected the fair value of our ownership in both CCE's European operations and former North America business. We remeasured our equity interest in CCE to fair value upon the close of the transaction. As a result
4
978 million
Although the CCE transaction was structured to be primarily cashless
 under the terms of the merger agreement
 of CCE debt. In the event the actual CCE debt on the acquisition date was less than the agreed amount
 we agreed to make a cash payment to New CCE for the difference. As of the acquisition date
 the debt assumed by the Company was $
 related to the debt shortfall. In addition
Under the terms of the merger agreement
Shares
The portion of the fair value of the replacement awards related to services provided prior to the business combination was included in the total purchase price. The portion of the fair value associated with future service is recognized as expense over the future service period
 of target into an adjusted PSU of The Coca-Cola Company
 determined by multiplying the number of shares of each PSU by an exchange ratio (the closing exchange ratio) equal to the closing price of a share of CCE common stock on the last day of trading prior to the acquisition date divided by the closing price of the Company's common stock on the same day. At the time we issued these replacement PSUs
 they were subject to the same vesting conditions and other terms applicable to the CCE PSUs immediately prior to the closing date. However
 in the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company modified primarily all of these PSUs to eliminate the remaining holding period
Each CCE stock option replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted stock option of The Coca-Cola Company to acquire a number of shares of Coca-Cola common stock
Each CCE restricted share unit (RSU) replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted RSU of The Coca-Cola Company
Each share of CCE restricted stock replaced by the Company was converted into an adjusted share of restricted stock of The Coca-Cola Company
The following table reconciles the total purchase price of the Company's acquisition of CCE's former North America business
October&#160;2
5
1
6
Represents the portion of the total fair value of the replacement awards associated with services rendered prior to the business combination
The following table presents the final allocation of the purchase price by major class of assets and liabilities (in millions) as of the acquisition date
1
1
Property
5
4
4
5
5
4
1
1
14
13
1
1
9
9
1
1
4
2
2
15
15
(1
4
7
8
6
6
6
6
As previously reported in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December&#160;31
The measurement period adjustments did not have a significant impact on our consolidated statements of income for the years ended December&#160;31
 2011
 and December 31
 2010. Therefore
1
226 million
The measurement period adjustments were due to the finalization of appraisals related to intangible assets and certain fixed assets and resulted in the following: a decrease to property
Other intangible assets primarily relate to franchise rights that had previously provided CCE with exclusive rights to manufacture and/or distribute certain beverages in specified territories for a finite period of time
&#160;years
 of customer relationships
3
2
The goodwill recognized as part of this acquisition has been assigned to the North America operating segment
 is tax deductible. The goodwill recognized in conjunction with our acquisition of CCE's former North America business is primarily related to synergistic value created from having a unified operating system that will strategically position us to better market and distribute our nonalcoholic beverage brands in North America. It also includes certain other intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition
In a concurrent transaction
October&#160;2
. See further discussion of this divestiture below. In addition
 we granted New CCE the right to negotiate the acquisition of our majority interest in our German bottling operation
 Coca-Cola Erfrischungsgetr&#228;nke AG (CCEAG)
&#160;months after the date of the merger agreement
 for additional information. In addition
 related to preexisting relationships during 2010. These charges were primarily related to the write-off of our investment in infrastructure programs with CCE. Our investment in these infrastructure programs with CCE did not meet the criteria to be recognized as an asset subsequent to the acquisition. In 2011
3
October&#160;2
 through December&#160;31
 2010. The following table presents unaudited consolidated pro forma information as if our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the divestiture of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations had occurred on January&#160;1
Year Ended December 31
43
2
6
The 2010 pro forma information has been adjusted to exclude the gain related to the remeasurement of our equity interest in CCE to fair value upon the close of the transaction
 the gain on the sale of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations
 transaction costs and charges related to preexisting relationships in order to present the pro forma information as if the transactions had occurred prior to January&#160;1
The unaudited pro forma financial information presented above does not purport to represent what the actual results of our operations would have been if our acquisition of CCE's former North America business and the divestiture of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations had occurred prior to January&#160;1
 2010
 nor is it indicative of the future operating results of The Coca-Cola Company. The unaudited pro forma financial information does not reflect the impact of future events that may occur after the acquisition
 including
 but not limited to
The unaudited pro forma financial information presented in the table above has been adjusted to give effect to adjustments that are (1)&#160;directly related to the business combination; (2)&#160;factually supportable; and (3)&#160;expected to have a continuing impact. These adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 the application of our accounting policies; elimination of related party transactions and equity income; and depreciation and amortization related to fair value adjustments to property
Dr&#160;Pepper Snapple Group
In contemplation of the closing of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 we reached an agreement with DPS to distribute certain DPS brands in territories where DPS brands had been distributed by CCE prior to the CCE transaction. Under the terms of our agreement with DPS
 and concurrently with the closing of the CCE transaction
 we entered into license agreements with DPS to distribute Dr&#160;Pepper trademark brands in the United States
 Canada Dry in the Northeastern United States
 and Canada Dry and C' Plus in Canada
 to DPS. Under the license agreements
&#160;years
-year renewal periods unless otherwise terminated under the terms of the agreements. The license agreements replaced agreements between DPS and CCE existing immediately prior to the completion of the CCE transaction. In addition
Although these transactions were negotiated concurrently
 they are legally separable and have distinct termination provisions and penalties
 if applicable. As a result
 related to the Freestyle agreement. The DPS license agreements were determined to be indefinite-lived intangible assets and classified in the line item bottlers' franchise rights with indefinite lives in our consolidated balance sheet. The Company reached the conclusion that these distribution rights had an indefinite life based on several key factors
 including
 but not limited to
-year successive periods thereafter unless terminated pursuant to the provisions of the agreements; (2)&#160;no additional payments shall be due for the renewal periods; (3)&#160;we anticipate using the assets indefinitely; (4)&#160;there are no known legal
 regulatory or contractual provisions that are likely to limit the useful life of these assets; and (5)&#160;the classification of these assets as indefinite-lived assets is consistent with similar market transactions. The Company has been amortizing
 and will continue to amortize
&#160;years
During 2012
2
In 2011
 proceeds from the disposal of bottling companies and other investments totaled $
 primarily related to the sale of our investment in Coca-Cola Embonor
 S.A. (Embonor)
 a bottling partner with operations primarily in Chile
. Prior to this transaction
In 2010
 proceeds from the disposal of bottling companies and other investments totaled $
October&#160;2
. In addition to the proceeds related to the disposal of our Norwegian and Swedish bottling operations
 of our investment in Le&#227;o Junior
&#160;S.A. (Le&#227;o Junior)
 a Brazilian tea company
On December 13
 2012
 the Company and Coca-Cola FEMSA executed a share purchase agreement for the sale of a majority ownership interest in our consolidated bottling operations in the Philippines (Philippine bottling operations). As a result
 our Philippine bottling operations met the criteria to be classified as held for sale
 and we were required to record their assets and liabilities at the lower of carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell based on the agreed-upon purchase price. Accordingly
 we recorded a loss of $
 of related transaction costs
On December 17
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement with several parties which will result in the merger of our consolidated bottling operations in Brazil (Brazilian bottling operations) with an independent bottler in Brazil. Upon completion of the transaction
 we will deconsolidate our Brazilian bottling operations in exchange for cash and a minority ownership interest in the newly combined entity. As a result
 our Brazilian bottling operations met the criteria to be classified as held for sale. We were not required to record their assets and liabilities at fair value less any costs to sell because their fair value exceeded our carrying value as of December 31
The following table presents information related to the major classes of assets and liabilities of the Company's Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations
 both of which are included in our Bottling Investments operating segment
 as of December 31
Cash
Trade accounts receivable
Property
1
1
1
2
We determined that our Philippine and Brazilian bottling operations did not meet the criteria to be classified as discontinued operations
 primarily due to the continued significant involvement we anticipate having in these operations following each transaction.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified















        
        
        
        


Trading securities
 net unrealized gains (losses)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this amount represents the difference between the fair value of trading securities and their cost basis (unrealized holding gain or loss). Trading securities are bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the near term (thus held for only a short period of time) and such unrealized holding gain or loss is included in earnings for the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

281
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Rate at which the cost trend rate is assumed to decline
 the ultimate trend rate (as a percent)
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

929
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Estimated federal subsidies expected to be received under the Medicare Prescription Drug
 Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003
 for the period 2013-2017
        
        
        


Estimated federal subsidies expected to be received under the Medicare Prescription Drug
 Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003
 for the period 2018-2022
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 relating to prescription drug subsidy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as soon as it can be reasonably determined
 of contributions expected to be paid to the plan during the next fiscal year beginning after the date of the latest statement of financial position. Estimated contributions may be presented in the aggregate combining (1) contributions required by funding regulations or laws
 (2) discretionary contributions
 and (3) noncash contributions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY format.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














 2010

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

737
000
000
        
        


Total payments
 primarily marketing
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


        
        
        
        

000
000
        
        


        

400
000
000
        
        
        
        
        


        

162
000
000

042
000
000
        
        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000

000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

000
000

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amounts due from related parties including affiliates
 employees
 joint ventures
 officers and stockholders
 immediate families thereof
 and pension funds.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






Operations
 Reportable Information
 by Operating Segment
        


        
December&#160;31
 2012
The business of our Company is nonalcoholic beverages. Our geographic operating segments (Eurasia and Africa; Europe; Latin America; North America; and Pacific) derive a majority of their revenues from the manufacture and sale of beverage concentrates and syrups and
 in some cases
 the sale of finished beverages. Our Bottling Investments operating segment is comprised of our Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations
 regardless of the geographic location of the bottler
 except for bottling operations managed by CCR
 which are included in our North America operating segment
 and equity income from the majority of our equity method investments. Company-owned or consolidated bottling operations derive the majority of their revenues from the sale of finished beverages. Subsequent to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business on October&#160;2
 2010
. Generally
Year Ended December 31
2
Includes fountain syrups manufactured by the Company
 including consolidated bottling operations
Includes net operating revenues related to our acquisition of CCE's former North America business for the full year in 2012 and 2011. In 2010
 the percentage includes net operating revenues from the date of the CCE acquisition on October&#160;2
Management evaluates the performance of our operating segments separately to individually monitor the different factors affecting financial performance. Our Company manages income taxes and certain treasury-related items
 such as interest income and expense
Year Ended December 31
19
18
10
28
27
24
48
46
35
The following table provides information related to our property
Year Ended December 31
8
8
8
5
6
6
Property
14
14
14
December&#160;31
 2012
 
2
4
4
21
5
8
48
(1
2
5
4
21
6
8
(1
48
1
2
2
2
2
(1
10
1
1
1
3
2
2
2
(1
11
1
2
2
34
2
9
22
75
1
8
10
1
2
2
4
4
20
5
8
46
(1
2
5
4
20
5
8
(1
46
1
3
2
2
2
(1
10
1
1
1
3
2
2
2
11
1
3
2
33
2
8
20
71
7
8
1
1
2
2
4
3
11
4
8
35
(1
2
5
4
11
5
8
(1
35
2
2
1
2
(1
8
1
1
1
3
2
1
2
1
2
14
1
2
2
32
1
8
16
65
6
7
2
Principally cash and cash equivalents
 short-term investments
 marketable securities
 trade accounts receivable
 inventories
 goodwill
 trademarks and other intangible assets and property
Property
 of consolidated property
 plant and equipment&#160;&#8212; net in 
Principally equity method investments
 available-for-sale securities and nonmarketable investments in bottling companies.
 for Europe
 for North America
 for Pacific
 for Europe
 for North America due to costs associated with the Company detecting residues of carbendazim
 a fungicide that is not registered in the United States for use on citrus products
 in orange juice imported from Brazil for distribution in the United States. As a result
 for Corporate due to the loss the Company recognized on the pending sale of a majority ownership interest in our Philippine bottling operations to Coca-Cola FEMSA which closed in January 2013. As of December 31
 2012
 for Corporate due to the Company acquiring an ownership interest in Mikuni for which we paid a premium over the publicly traded market price. This premium was expensed on the acquisition date. Subsequent to this transaction
 for Eurasia and Africa
 for Europe
 for Pacific due to changes in the structure of BPW
 our 50/50 joint venture with Nestl&#233; in the ready-to-drink tea category. Refer to 
 for Eurasia and Africa
 for Europe
 for Latin America
 for North America
 for Pacific
 for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
 for additional information on our productivity
 for North America due to charges associated with the earthquake and tsunami that devastated northern and eastern Japan on March 11
 for Bottling Investments
 for Corporate
 for Corporate
 for Corporate
 primarily due to the gain on the sale of our investment in Embonor
 a bottling partner with operations primarily in Chile. Prior to this transaction
 the Company accounted for our investment in Embonor under the equity method of accounting. Refer to 
 for Eurasia and Africa
 for Europe
 for North America
 for Pacific
 for Corporate
 primarily due to the Company's ongoing productivity
 for Bottling Investments. This net charge was primarily attributable to the Company's proportionate share of unusual tax charges
 asset impairments
 restructuring charges and transaction costs recorded by equity method investees
4
978 million




        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      


      
      




      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

314
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity

768
        


        

204

135



          

        
        


        
        
        


Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including commercial paper backup.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 corporations and other borrowers to investors. The maturities of these money market securities generally do not exceed 270 days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
December 31
2
2
2
2
1
2
1
1
Sales
8
9
009




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
 $
 
 respectively
 and was included as a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income. The total income tax benefit recognized in our consolidated statements of income related to stock-based compensation arrangements was $
 $
 
December&#160;31
 2012
On July 27
 2012
 stock split of the common stock. The record date for the stock split was July 27
 2012
 and the additional shares were distributed on August 10
 2012. Each shareowner of record on the close of business on the record date received one additional share of common stock for each share held. All share and per share data presented herein reflect the impact of the increase in authorized shares and the stock split
As a result of our acquisition of CCE's former North America business
 the Company assumed certain stock-based compensation plans previously sponsored by CCE. Shares from these plans remain available for future grant to current employees who were employees of CCE or its subsidiaries prior to the acquisition or who are hired by the Company or its subsidiaries following the acquisition. The assumed Coca-Cola Enterprises&#160;Inc. 2001 Stock Option Plan
The fair value of our stock option grants is amortized over the vesting period
Expected volatility is based on implied volatilities from traded options on the Company's stock
Generally
&#160;years from the date of grant. The shares of common stock to be issued
 transferred and/or sold under the stock option plans are made available from authorized and unissued Company common stock or from the Company's treasury shares. In 2007
December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Company 1999 Stock Option Plan (the 1999 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 1999. Under the 1999 Option Plan
 shares of our common stock was approved to be issued or transferred
 through the grant of stock options
The Coca-Cola Company 2002 Stock Option Plan (the 2002 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 2002. An amendment to the 2002 Option Plan which permitted the issuance of stock appreciation rights was approved by shareowners in April 2003. Under the 2002 Option Plan
 shares of our common stock was approved to be issued or transferred
 through the grant of stock options or stock appreciation rights
December&#160;31
The Coca-Cola Company 2008 Stock Option Plan (the 2008 Option Plan) was approved by shareowners in April 2008. Under the 2008 Option Plan
December&#160;31
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
Outstanding on January&#160;1
Outstanding on December&#160;31
2
Expected to vest at December&#160;31
2
Exercisable on December&#160;31
2
200
 and generally vest over 
 $
 
 respectively. The total shares exercised were 
 
 
Under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan and The Coca-Cola Company 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan (the Restricted Stock Award Plans)
 shares of restricted common stock
 respectively
December&#160;31
 2012
 shares remain available for grant under the Restricted Stock Award Plans. The Company issues restricted stock to employees as a result of performance share unit awards
For awards prior to January&#160;1
 2008
 under the 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan
 participants are reimbursed by our Company for income taxes imposed on the award
 but not for taxes generated by the reimbursement payment. The 1983 Restricted Stock Award Plan has been amended to eliminate this tax reimbursement for awards after January&#160;1
 2008. The shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions and may be forfeited if a participant leaves our Company for reasons other than retirement
 disability or death
In 2003
 the Company established a program to grant performance share units under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan to executives. In 2008
 the Company expanded the program to award a mix of stock options and performance share units to eligible employees in addition to executives. The number of shares earned is determined at the end of each performance period
 generally 
 based on the actual performance criteria predetermined by the Board of Directors at the time of grant. If the performance criteria are met
 the award results in a grant of restricted stock or restricted stock units
 which are then generally subject to a holding period in order for the restricted stock to be released. For performance share units granted before 2008
. For performance share units granted in 2008 and after
. Restrictions on such stock generally lapse at the end of the holding period. Performance share units generally do not pay dividends or allow voting rights during the performance period. For awards granted prior to 2011
 participants generally receive dividends or dividend equivalents once the performance criteria have been certified and the restricted stock or restricted stock units have been issued. For awards granted in 2011 and later
 participants generally receive dividends or dividend equivalents once the shares have been released. Accordingly
 the fair value of the performance share units is the quoted market value of the Company stock on the grant date less the present value of the expected dividends not received during the relevant period. In the period it becomes probable that the minimum performance criteria specified in the plan will be achieved
 we recognize expense for the proportionate share of the total fair value of the performance share units related to the vesting period that has already lapsed. The remaining cost of the grant is expensed on a straight-line basis over the balance of the vesting period. In the event the Company determines it is no longer probable that we will achieve the minimum performance criteria specified in the plan
Performance share units under The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan require achievement of certain financial measures
 primarily compound annual growth in earnings per share or economic profit. These financial measures are adjusted for certain items approved and certified by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. The purpose of these adjustments is to ensure a consistent year to year comparison of the specific performance criteria. Economic profit is our net operating profit after tax less the cost of the capital used in our business. In the event the financial results equal the predefined target
 the Company will grant the number of restricted shares equal to the target award in the underlying performance share unit agreements. In the event the financial results exceed the predefined target
 additional shares up to the maximum award may be granted. In the event the financial results fall below the predefined target
 a reduced number of shares may be granted. If the financial results fall below the threshold award performance level
 no shares will be granted. Performance share units are generally settled in stock
 except for certain circumstances such as death or disability
December&#160;31
 2012
5
105
000
5
655
6
824
 were outstanding for the 2010&#8211;2012
 2011&#8211;2013 and 2012&#8211;2014 performance periods
 respectively
Outstanding on January&#160;1
11
7
Outstanding on December&#160;31
17
December&#160;31
 2012
 at the threshold award and maximum award levels were 
 respectively.
16
267
19
27
650
 $
 respectively
 to former executives who were ineligible for restricted stock grants due to certain events such as death
Nonvested on January&#160;1
4
(4
Nonvested on December&#160;31
The nonvested shares as of January 1
 2012
December&#160;31
 2012
 are presented at the performance share units certified award amount.
 $
 
4
301
732
2
084
1
850
466
. These awards were converted into equivalent share units of the Company's common stock on the acquisition date and entitle the participant to dividend equivalents (which vest
 in some cases
 only if the restricted share units vest)
 but not the right to vote. Accordingly
 the fair value of these units was the quoted value of the Company's stock at the grant date. The number of shares earned is determined at the end of each performance period
 years
 based on the actual performance criteria predetermined at the time of grant. These performance share units require achievement of certain financial measures
 primarily compound annual growth in earnings per share
 as adjusted for certain items detailed in the plan documents. In the event the financial results exceed the predefined targets
 of target may be granted. In the event the financial results fall below the predefined targets
 a reduced number of shares may be granted. If the financial results fall below the minimum award performance level
On the acquisition date
 per share unit for the 2008&#8211;2010
 prior to the acquisition date. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
. The portion of the fair value associated with future service is recognized as expense over the future service period. However
 in the fourth quarter of 2010
 the Company modified primarily all of these performance awards to eliminate the remaining holding period after December&#160;31
 2010
 of accelerated expense included in the total stock-based compensation expense above. As a result of this modification
. During 2011
 the Company released 
 primarily related to the 2008&#8211;2010 and 2010 performance periods. During 2012
 the Company released 
December&#160;31
 2012
The Coca-Cola Company 1989 Restricted Stock Award Plan allows for the grant of time-based and performance-based restricted stock and restricted stock units. The performance-based restricted awards are released only upon the achievement of specific measurable performance criteria. These awards pay dividends during the performance period. The majority of awards have specific performance targets for achievement. If the performance targets are not met
 the awards will be canceled. In the period it becomes probable that the performance criteria will be achieved
For time-based and performance-based restricted stock awards
December&#160;31
 2012
 the Company had outstanding nonvested time-based and performance-based restricted stock awards
 including restricted stock units
774
92
000
In 2010
. These awards were converted into equivalent shares of the Company's common stock. These restricted share awards entitle the participant to dividend equivalents (which vest
 in some cases
 only if the restricted share unit vests)
December&#160;31
 2012
65
 outstanding nonvested time-based restricted stock replacement awards
 including restricted stock units. These time-based restricted awards were not significant to our consolidated financial statements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













