

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-21-003836
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210216
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COFFEE HOLDING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001007019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				113860760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32491
		FILM NUMBER:		21633186
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7188320800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSPACIFIC INTERNATIONAL GROUP CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960201








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ____________ to _______________.

Commission
file number: 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)

    
    
    

3475
    Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:



Title
    of each class:
    
Trading
    Symbol
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered:


Common
    Stock
 Par Value $0.001 Per Share
    
    
    
NASDAQ
    Capital Market



Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Smaller
    Reporting Company [X]


Emerging
Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management&rsquo;s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 computed by reference to the closing price
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on April 30
 2020
 was $13
910
209.

As
of January 20
 2021
 the registrant had 5
708
599 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 outstanding.

Documents
incorporated by reference

Portions
of the registrant&rsquo;s proxy statement for the 2020 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days after the registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year ended October 31
 2020
 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1.
    
    

ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS
    

ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS
    

ITEM
    2.
    
    

ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS
    

ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA
    

ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
    

ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
    

ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA
    

ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE
    

ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES
    

ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION
    

    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION
    

ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS
    

ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

ITEM
    16
FORM
    10-K SUMMARY
    

    
    

    
    
    

INDEX
    TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    



    
    


PART
I



ITEM
    1.
    


General
Overview

Products
 We are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States. Our core products can be
divided into three categories:



    
    
Wholesale
 unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop
    operators;

    
    
    

    
    
Private
 coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
    that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

    
    
    

    
    
Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our eight proprietary and
    licensed brand names in different segments of the market.


Our
private label and branded coffee products are sold throughout the United States
 Canada and certain countries in Asia to supermarkets
wholesalers
 and individually owned and multi-unit retail customers. Our unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty
coffee offerings
 is primarily sold to specialty gourmet roasters.

We
conduct our operations in accordance with strict freshness and quality standards. All of our private label and branded coffees
are produced from high quality coffee beans that are deep roasted for full flavor using a slow roasting process that has been
perfected utilizing our more than 40 years of experience in the coffee industry. In order to ensure freshness
 our products are
delivered to our customers within 72 hours of roasting. We believe that our long history has enabled us to develop a loyal customer
base.

In
June 2016
 we acquired substantially all of the assets of Coffee Kinetics LLC (doing business as Sonofresco) through our wholly-owned
subsidiary Sonofresco
 LLC (&ldquo;Sonofresco&rdquo; or &ldquo;SONO&rdquo;)
 including equipment
 inventory
 customer lists
 relationships
and accounts payable. In addition to our wholesale green coffee
 private label coffee and branded coffee product offerings
 we
currently sell tabletop coffee roasting equipment to our customers through Sonofresco.

On
February 23
 2017
 we purchased all the outstanding common stock of Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;). CFI is a medium sized
regional roaster
 manufacturing both branded and private label coffee for retail and foodservice customers located predominantly
in the northeast United States marketplace.

On
April 24
 2018
 pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement
 by and among Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;) the
entity formed as a result of the Company&rsquo;s joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc. and Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc. (&ldquo;the
Seller&rdquo;) a Wisconsin corporation and the stockholder of the Seller. GCC purchased substantially all the assets
 including
equipment
 inventory
 customer lists and relationships of the Seller.

On
October 15
 2020
 we entered into a Contribution and Equity Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Jordre Well Agreement&rdquo;) to become
a 49% owner in The Jordre Well
 LLC (&ldquo;The Jordre Well&rdquo;)
 a cannabidiol (&ldquo;CBD&rdquo;) beverage company. Under
the terms of the Jordre Well Agreement
 The Jordre Well will assist us in the development and commercialization of CBD-infused
line extensions for the existing coffee brands within our portfolio
 as well as launch new brands that are intended to serve consumer
demand for non-coffee CBD-infused beverages and products. We plan to infuse our brands Caf&eacute; Caribe Latin Espresso and Harmony
Bay Gourmet coffee
 with CBD as soon as we are comfortable with our formulations. We believe CBD coffee will be a fast growing
and profitable market for us and if the legislative environment surrounding CBD products continues to improve
 our plan is to
offer all our customers the opportunity to infuses their products with CBD.


    
    


We
were incorporated on October 9
 1995 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name Transpacific International Group Corp
(&ldquo;Transpacific&rdquo;). On April 16
 1998
 Transpacific completed a merger with Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 a New York corporation.
Upon the consummation of the merger
 Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. was merged into Transpacific and Transpacific changed its name to
Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.

Our
corporate offices are located at 3475 Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York 10314. Our telephone number is (718) 832-0800
and our website address is www.coffeeholding.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Our
Competitive Strengths

To
achieve our growth objectives described below
 we intend to leverage the following competitive strengths:

Positioned
We believe that we are one of the few coffee companies
to offer a broad array of branded and private label roasted ground coffees and wholesale green coffee across the spectrum of consumer
tastes
 preferences and price points. While many of our competitors engage in distinct segments of the coffee business
 we sell
products in each of the following areas:



    
    
Retail
    branded coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
Mainstream
    retail private label coffee;




    
    
Specialty
    retail coffees both private label and branded;

    
    
    

    
    
Wholesale
    specialty green and gourmet whole bean coffees;

    
    
    

    
    
Single
    cup coffee pods;

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    service;

    
    
    

    
    
Instant
    coffees; 

    
    
    

    
    
Tea;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Tabletop
    coffee roasting equipment. 


Our
branded and private label roasted ground coffees are sold at competitive and value price levels while some of our other branded
and specialty coffees are sold predominantly at premium price levels. Premium price level coffee is high-quality gourmet coffee
such as AA Arabica coffee
 which sell at a substantial premium over traditional retail canned coffee
 while competitive and value
price level coffee is mainstream or traditional canned coffee. Because of this diversification
 we believe that our profitability
is not dependent on any one area of the coffee industry and
 therefore
 is less sensitive than our competition to potential coffee
commodity price and overall economic volatility.

Wholesale
 As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee
 we believe that we are favorably positioned to
increase our specialty coffee sales. Since 1998
 we have increased the number of our wholesale green coffee customers
 including
coffee houses
 single store operators
 mall coffee stores and mail order sellers
 by 813% from 150 to 1
370. We are a charter
member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America and one of the largest distributors of Swiss Water Processed Decaffeinated
Coffees and Dattera specialty Brazil coffees along the east coast of the United States. Our over 40 years of experience as a roaster
and a dealer of green coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a value added service to our gourmet roaster customers.
The assistance we provide to our customers includes training
 coffee blending and market identification. We believe that our relationships
with wholesale green coffee customers and our focus on selling green coffee as a wholesaler has enabled us to participate in the
growth of the specialty coffee market while mitigating the risks associated with the competitive retail specialty coffee environment.

Diverse
We have amassed a portfolio of eight proprietary name brands sold to supermarkets
wholesalers and individually owned stores in the United States
 including brands for specialty espresso
 Latin espresso
 Italian
espresso
 100% Colombian coffee and blended and flavored coffees. In addition
 we have entered into a licensing agreement with
Del Monte Corporation for the exclusive right to use the S&amp;W trademark in the United States and other countries approved by
Del Monte Corporation in connection with the production
 manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution
to retail customers. Our existing portfolio of differentiated brands combined with our management expertise serve as a platform
to add additional name brands through acquisition or licensing agreements which target product niches and segments that do not
compete with our existing brands.


    
    


Management
 Andrew Gordon
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive Vice President &ndash; Operations
 have worked with Coffee Holding for
39 and 41 years
 respectively. During this period
 the company has successfully navigated varying cycles in both the coffee industry
and macro economy. David Gordon is an original member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America. We believe that our employees
and management are dedicated to our vision and mission
 which is to produce high quality products
 as well as to provide quality
and responsive service to our customers.

Our
Growth Strategy

We
believe that significant growth opportunities exist by selectively pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances
 targeting the
rapidly growing Latin market in the United States
 increasing penetration with existing customers by adding new products
 and
developing our Harmony Bay brand and increase the number of our wholesale green coffee customers. By capitalizing on this strategy
we hope to continue to grow our business with our commitment to quality and personalized service to our customers. We do not intend
to compete on price alone nor do we intend to expand sales at the expense of profitability.

Selectively
 We have expanded our operations by acquiring coffee companies
 entering into
strategic alliances and acquiring or licensing brands
 which complement our business objectives and we intend to continue to seek
such opportunities.

Grow
We believe the Latin population in the United States is the fastest growing
and now represents the largest minority demographic in the United States. We believe there is significant opportunity for our
Caf&eacute; Caribe and Caf&eacute; Supremo brands to gain market share among Latin consumers in the United States. Caf&eacute;
Caribe
 which has historically been our leading brand by poundage
 is a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee
drinkers and
 in particular
 Latin consumers. Caf&eacute; Supremo is a specialty espresso coffee which is priced for the more
price sensitive Latin espresso coffee drinker.

Further
 We intend to capture additional market share through our existing distribution
channels by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products across multiple price points
 including:



    
    
New
    licensing agreements;

    
    
    

    
    
Specialty
    blends and foodservice opportunities;

    
    
    

    
    
CBD
    coffee products as legislation allows; and

    
    
    

    
    
Sales
    of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment.



    
    


Our
Core Products

Our
core products can be divided into three categories:



    
    
Wholesale
unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large
 medium and small roasters and
    coffee shop operators;

    
    
    

    
    
Private
coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
    that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

    
    
    

    
    
Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our eight proprietary and
    licensed brand names in different segments of the market.


Wholesale
 The specialty coffee market remains the fastest growing area of our industry. The number of gourmet coffee
houses have been increasing in all areas of the United States. The growth in specialty coffee sales has created a marketplace
for higher quality and differentiated products
 which can be priced at a premium in the marketplace. As a large roaster-dealer
of green coffee
 we are favorably positioned to increase our specialty coffee sales. We sell green coffee beans to small roasters
and coffee shop operators located throughout the United States and carry over approximately 90 different varieties. Specialty
green coffee beans are sold unroasted
 direct from warehouses to small roasters and gourmet coffee shop operators
 which then
roast the beans themselves. We sell from as little as one bag (132 pounds) to a full truckload (44
000 pounds) of specialty green
coffee beans
 depending on the size and need of the customer. We believe that we can increase sales of wholesale green coffee
without an increase in infrastructure as well as without venturing into the highly competitive retail specialty coffee environment.
We believe that by utilizing our current strategy we can be as profitable or more profitable than our competitors in this segment
by selling &ldquo;one bag at a time&rdquo; rather than &ldquo;one cup at a time.&rdquo;

Private
 We roast
 blend
 package and sell coffee under private labels for companies throughout the United States
and Canada. Our private label coffee is sold in cans
 brick packages and instants in a variety of sizes. As of October 31
 2020
 We produce private label coffee
for customers who desire to sell coffee under their own name but do not want to engage in the manufacturing process. Our private
label customers seek a quality similar to the national brands at a lower cost
 which represents a better value for the consumer.

Branded
. We roast and blend our branded coffee according to our own recipes and package the coffee at our facilities in
La Junta
 Colorado
 North Andover
 Massachusetts and Brecksville
 Ohio. We then sell the packaged coffee under our brand labels
to supermarkets
 wholesalers and individually-owned stores throughout the United States.

We
hold trademarks for each of our proprietary name brands and have the exclusive right to use the S&amp;W
 IL CLASSICO brand names
in the United States in connection with the production
 manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution
at the retail level. For further information regarding our trademark rights
 see &ldquo;Business&mdash;Trademarks.&rdquo;

Each
of our name brands is directed at a particular segment of the coffee market. Our branded coffees are:

Cafe
Caribe
 a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and
 in particular
 the Latin consumer market;


    
    


Don
Manuel
which
commands a substantial premium compared to the more traditional brown coffee blends. We also use this known trademark
in our food service business because of the high brand quality;


an upscale canned coffee established in 1921 and includes Premium
 Premium Decaf
 French Roast
 Colombian
 Colombian Decaf
 Swiss
Water Decaf
 Kona
 Mellow&rsquo;d Roast and IL CLASSICO lines;

Cafe
Supremo
 a specialty espresso that targets espresso drinkers of all backgrounds and tastes. It is designed to introduce
coffee drinkers to the tastes of dark roasted coffee;

Via
Roma
 an Italian espresso targeted at the more traditional espresso drinker;

Premier
Roasters
 a line of high quality retail and foodservice products packed in composite cans and poly bags and single serve;

Harmony
Bay
 an upscale line of flavored beans in 11oz and 40oz bags
 along with single serve offerings in a multitude of unique
flavor profiles; and

Steep
and Brew
 a premium line of specialty coffees with over 30 years brand recognition. These coffees are comprised of Single
Origin
 Blended and Flavored coffees sold throughout the upper Midwest region of the United States in bulk whole bean
 whole bean
and ground bags and single serve format compatible with most single serve brewers.

Other
Products

We
also offer several niche products
 including:



    
    
tea;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
table-top
    coffee roasters and grinders.


Raw
Materials

Coffee
is a commodity traded on the Commodities and Futures Exchange subject to price fluctuations. Over the past five years
 the average
price per pound of coffee beans ranged from approximately $0.92 to $2.25. The price for coffee beans on the commodities market
as of October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $1.04 and $1.02 per pound
 respectively. Specialty green coffee
 unlike most coffee
 is not
tied directly to the commodities cash markets. Instead
 it tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a substantial premium over
commodity coffee pricing
 depending on the origin
 supply and demand at the time of purchase. We are a licensed Fair Trade dealer
for Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to increase their incomes and improve
the prospects of their communities and families by guaranteeing farmers a minimum price of ten cents above the current market
price. Our Ohio Facility operated by Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;)
 as well as our North Andover plant operated
by our Comfort Foods division
 are certified organic by the Organic Crop Improvement Association (OCIA). All of our specialty
green coffees
 as well as all of the other coffees we import for roasting
 are subject to multiple levels of quality control.

We
purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from
many countries
 including Colombia
 Mexico
 Kenya
 Indonesia
 Brazil and Uganda. For the fiscal years ended 2020 and 2019
 approximately
23% of all of our green coffee purchases were from five suppliers. One of these suppliers
 Rothfos Corporation
 accounted for
approximately $5.3 million
 or 8%
 in 2020
 and $8.3 million
 or 12%
 in 2019
 of our total product purchases. An employee of
Rothfos Corporation is one of our directors. We do not have any formalized
 material agreements or long-term contracts with any
of these suppliers. Rather
 our purchases are typically made pursuant to individual purchase orders. We do not believe that the
loss of any one supplier
 including Rothfos
 would have a material adverse effect on our operations due to the availability of
alternate suppliers.


    
    


The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Supply and price can be affected by factors such as weather
 politics
 currency fluctuations and economics within the countries
that export coffee. Increases in the cost of coffee beans can
 to a certain extent
 be passed on to our customers in the form
of higher prices for coffee beans and processed coffee. Drastic or prolonged increases in coffee prices may also adversely impact
our business as it could lead to a decline in overall consumption of coffee. Similarly
 rapid decreases in the cost of coffee
beans may force us to lower our sale prices before realizing cost reductions in our purchases.

We
subject all of our private unroasted green coffee to both a pre-shipment sample approval and an additional sample approval upon
arrival into the United States. Once the arrival sample is approved
 we then bring the coffee to one of our facilities to roast
and blend according to our own strict specifications. During the roasting and blending process
 samples are pulled off the production
line and tested on an hourly basis to ensure that each batch roasted is consistent with the others and meets the strict quality
standards demanded by our customers and us.

Our
Use of Derivatives

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Historically
 we have used
 and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity
 short-term coffee futures and options contracts
primarily for the purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices and to reduce our costs of sales


 we acquired
and expect to continue to acquire
 futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to four months
 primarily for the purpose
of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are
reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures
contracts increase our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the

 in normal economic times
 our hedging policies
remain a vital element of our business model not only in controlling our cost of sales
 but also giving us the flexibility to
obtain the inventory necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying to minimize margin compression during a time of high
coffee prices. However

contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
 and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in

we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred significant losses on options and futures
contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting in a decrease in our profitability
or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease
our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors - If our hedging policy is not
effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than market value for green coffee

materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks
of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in a decrease in profitability
or increased losses. As previously announced
 as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities markets
 we have and are continuing
to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts
 and intend to continue to use
these practices in a limited capacity going forward. See &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&mdash;Commodity
Price Risks.&rdquo;


    
    


Trademarks
and Tradename

We
hold trademarks
 registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
 for all eight of our proprietary coffee brands
and an exclusive license for S&amp;W
 IL CLASSICO brands for sale in the United States. Trademark registrations are subject to
periodic renewal and we anticipate maintaining our registrations. We believe that our brands are recognizable in the marketplace
and that brand recognition is important to the success of our branded coffee business.



We
sell our private label and our branded coffee to some of the largest retail and wholesale customers in the United States (according
to 

Although
our agreements with wholesale customers generally contain only pricing terms
 our contracts with certain customers also contain
minimum and maximum purchase obligations at fixed prices. Because our profits on a fixed-price contract could decline if coffee
prices increased
 we acquire futures contracts with longer terms (generally three to four months) primarily for the purpose of
guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee at favorable prices. Although the use of these derivative financial instruments
has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices
 no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks or increased
losses and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any futures contracts.
See &ldquo;Our Use of Derivatives.&rdquo;



We
market our private label and wholesale coffee through trade shows
 industry publications
 face-to-face contact and through the
use of our internal sales force and non-exclusive independent food and beverage sales brokers. We also use our web site (www.coffeeholding.com)
as a method of marketing our coffee products and ourselves.

For
our private label and branded coffees
 we will
 from time to time in conjunction with retailers and with wholesalers
 conduct
in-store promotions
 such as product demonstrations
 coupons
 price reductions
 two-for-one sales and new product launches to
capture changing consumer taste preferences for upscale canned
 bagged and single cup coffees.

We
evaluate opportunities for growth consistent with our business objectives. In addition
 we have established relationships with
independent sales brokers to market our products across the United States
 in areas of the country where we have not had a high
penetration of sales and Canada. We utilize our in-house sales personnel to market our private label brands. We intend to capture
additional market share in our existing distribution channels by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products
across multiple price points
 including niche specialty blends
 private label &ldquo;value&rdquo; blends and tea and our own brands
filter packages
 and peripheral products.

Charitable
Activities

We
are also a supporter of several coffee-oriented charitable organizations and during fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we donated approximately
$78
000 and $42
000
 respectively
 to charities.



    
    
For
    over 20 years
 we have been members of Coffee Kids
 an international non-profit organization that helps to improve the quality
    of life of children and their families in coffee-growing communities in Mexico
 Guatemala
 Nicaragua and Costa Rica.



    
    




    
    
We
    are members of Grounds for Health
 an organization that educates
 screens
 and arranges treatment for women who have cancer
    and live in the rural coffee growing communities of Mexico.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    are a licensed Fair Trade dealer of Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to
    increase their incomes and improve the prospects of their communities and families. It guarantees farmers a minimum price
    of $1.40 per pound or fifteen cents above the current market price.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    are the administrative benefactors to a non-profit organization called Cup for Education. After discovering the lack of schools
    teachers
 and basic fundamental learning supplies in the poor coffee growing communities of Central and Latin America
 &ldquo;Cup&rdquo;
    was established by our employee
 Karen Gordon
 to help build schools
 sponsor teachers
 and purchase basic supplies such as
    books
 chalk and other necessities for a proper education.




The
coffee market is highly competitive. We compete in the following areas:

Wholesale
 There are many green coffee dealers throughout the United States. Many of these dealers have greater financial
resources than we do. However
 we believe that we have both the knowledge and the capability to assist small specialty gourmet
coffee roasters with developing and growing their businesses. Our over 40 years of experience as a roaster and a dealer of green
coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a value added service to our gourmet roaster customers. While other coffee
merchants may be able to offer lower prices for coffee beans
 we market ourselves as a value-added supplier to small roasters
with the ability to help them market their specialty coffee products and develop a customer base. The assistance we provide our
customers includes training
 coffee blending and market identification. Because specialty green coffee beans are sold unroasted
to small coffee shops and roasters that market their products to local gourmet customers
 we do not believe that our specialty
green coffee customers compete with our private label or branded coffee lines of business. We believe that the addition of Organic
Products Trading Company
 LLC (&ldquo;OPTCO&rdquo;)
 Sonofresco
 CFI and Steep &amp; Brew as well as our external green coffee
salespeople allows us to compete more effectively throughout the country and Canada.

Private
 There are several major producers of coffee for private label sales in the United States. Many other
companies produce coffee for sale on a regional basis. Our main competitor is the Massimo Zanetti Beverage Company. The Massimo
Zanetti Beverage Company is larger and has more financial and other resources than we do and
 therefore
 is able to devote more
resources to product development and marketing. We believe that we remain competitive by providing a higher level of quality and
customer service. This service includes ensuring that the coffee produced for each label maintains a consistent taste and is delivered
on time and in the proper quantities.

Branded
 Our proprietary brand coffees compete with many other brands that are sold in supermarkets and specialty
stores
 primarily in the Northeastern United States. The branded coffee market in both the Northeast and elsewhere is dominated
by two large companies: Kraft Foods
 Inc. (owner of the Maxwell House brand)
 and J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of the Folgers and Caf&eacute;
Bustelo brands). Our large competitors have greater access to capital and a greater ability to conduct marketing and promotions.
We believe that
 while our competitors&rsquo; brands may be more nationally recognizable
 our Caf&eacute; Caribe and Caf&eacute;
Supremo brands are competitive in the fast growing Latin demographic
 our Harmony Bay has a strong regional presence in the northeast
and our S&amp;W brand has been a popular and recognizable brand on the west coast for over 80 years.

Government
Regulation

Our
coffee roasting operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations
 which require us to obtain licenses relating
to customs
 health and safety
 building and land use and environmental protection. Our roasting facility is subject to state and
local air-quality and emissions regulation. If we encounter difficulties in obtaining any necessary licenses or if we have difficulty
complying with these laws and regulations
 then we could be subject to fines and penalties
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our profitability. In addition
 our product offerings could be limited
 thereby reducing our revenues.


    
    


We
believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all such laws and regulations and that we have obtained all material
licenses and permits that are required for the operation of our business. We are not aware of any environmental regulations that
have or that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our operations.



We
have 82 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions or collective bargaining agreements. Our management
believes that we maintain good working relationships with our employees. To supplement our internal sales staff
 we sometimes
engage independent national and regional sales brokers as independent contractors who work on a commission basis.



ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS


An
investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision
 you should
carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this report.
In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below
 other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
The value or market price of our common stock could decline due to any of these identified or other risks
 and you could lose
all of your investment.

Risks
affecting our Company

Because
our business is highly dependent upon a single commodity
 coffee
 any decrease in demand for coffee could materially adversely
 Our business is centered on essentially one commodity: coffee. Our operations have
primarily focused on the following areas of the coffee industry:



    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and distribution of private label coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and distribution of proprietary branded coffee; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    sale of wholesale specialty green coffee.


Demand
for our products is affected by:



    
    
consumer
    tastes and preferences;

    
    
    

    
    
global
    economic conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
demographic
    trends; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    type
 number and location of competing products.


Because
we rely on a single commodity
 any decrease in demand for coffee would harm our business more than if we had more diversified
product offerings and could materially adversely affect our revenues and operating results.


    
    


The
COVID-19 pandemic has
 and may continue to have
 an adverse impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
The World Health Organization declared the novel coronavirus (COVID-19)
 first identified in Wuhan
 China
 a pandemic
in March 2020. Our business
 financial condition and results of operations have been and are expected to continue to be adversely
affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 pandemic has affected nearly all regions of the world
 and preventative measures
taken to contain or mitigate the outbreak have caused
 and are continuing to cause
 business slowdown or shutdown in affected
areas. This has and could continue to negatively affect the global economy
 including reduced consumer spending and disruption
of global supply chains. We cannot predict the degree to which our business
 financial condition and results of operations will
be affected by the COVID-19 pandemic
 but the effects could be material.

In
addition to the factors above
 the COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business to additional risk
 including
 but not limited
to:



    
    
Disruption
    to our green coffee supplier partners and vendors
 including through the effects of facility closures
 reductions in operating
    hours
 labor shortages
 and changes in operating procedures;

    
    
Disruption
    to our own distribution and general office facilities and operations
 including through the effects of facility closures
    reductions in operating hours
 labor shortages
 and changes in operating procedures
 including for additional cleaning and
    disinfection procedures;

    
    
Closure
    or reduced operations of cafes
 restaurants and food service stores and reductions in consumer traffic
 which may adversely
    affects our Private Label Coffee and Branded Coffee channels;

    
    
Lower
    performance of customers in our wholesale channel
 which may result in reduction or cancellation of future orders;

    
    
Reductions
    in consumer spending due to macroeconomic conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
 including decreased disposable income
    and increased unemployment
 which may result in decreased sales in all of our channels.


At
this time
 we cannot assess the ultimate economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business
 operations or financial performance
which will be determined by
 among other things
 the duration
 severity and magnitude of such circumstances and governmental responses
and requirements relating to the pandemic
 nor can we predict the long-term effects of governmental and public responses to changing
conditions. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will impact our operations
 liquidity or financial results in subsequent
periods is uncertain
 but such impact could be material. If the COVID-19 pandemic becomes prolonged
 and/or more severe
 it could
exacerbate the negative impacts on our business and results of operations and may also heighten many of the other risks described
in this section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo;

If
we are unable to geographically expand our branded and private label products
 our growth will be impeded which could result in
Our business strategy emphasizes
 among other things
 geographic expansion of our branded
and private label products as opportunities arise. We may not be able to implement successfully this portion of our business strategy.
Our ability to implement this portion of our business strategy is dependent on our ability to:



    
market
    our products on a national scale;

    
    

    
increase
    our brand recognition on a national scale;




    
    
enter
    into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third party retailers; and

    
    
    

    
    
manage
    growth in administrative overhead and distribution costs likely to result from the planned expansion of our distribution channels.


Our
sales and profitability may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully expand the geographic distribution of our branded
and private label products. In addition
 our expenses could increase and our profits could decrease as we implement our growth
strategy.


    
    


If
our hedging policy is not effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than market
The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility
and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. We have used and expect to continue to use to a lesser extent
short-term coffee futures and options contracts for the purpose of hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices. In addition
we have acquired and expect to continue to acquire to a lesser extent futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to
four months
 for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options
and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and
losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost of sales.

The
use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices. However
 no
strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline
significantly in a short period of time
 and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance
by the counterparties in any one of our physical contracts. Historically
 we generally have been able to pass green coffee price
increases through to customers
 thereby maintaining our gross profits
 however
 we may not be able to pass price increases through
to our customers in the future. Failure to properly design and implement an effective hedging strategy may materially adversely
affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks of coffee bean price
volatility or our hedging results in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in a decrease in profitability or an increase
in losses. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred losses on options and
futures contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting in a decrease in our
profitability or an increase in losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially
decrease our profitability or increase losses and adversely affect our stock price.


    
    


Any
inability to successfully implement our strategy of growth through selective acquisitions
 licensing arrangements and other strategic
alliances
 including joint ventures
Part of our growth strategy
utilizes the selective acquisition of coffee companies
 the selective acquisition or licensing of additional coffee brands and
other strategic alliances including joint ventures
 presents risks that could result in increased expenditures and could materially
adversely affect our revenues and profitability
 including:



    
    
such
    acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or other strategic alliances may divert our management&rsquo;s attention from our existing
    operations;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired coffee companies or new coffee brands into our existing business;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to manage the contingent risks associated with the past operations of
 and other unanticipated problems arising
    in
 any acquired coffee company; and

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to control unanticipated costs associated with such acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or strategic alliances.


In
addition
 any such acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may result in:



    
    
potentially
    dilutive issuances of our equity securities;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    incurrence of additional debt

    
    
    

    
    
restructuring
    charges; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    recognition of significant charges for depreciation and amortization related to intangible assets.


As
has been our practice in the past
 we will continuously evaluate any such acquisitions
 licensing opportunities or strategic alliances
as they arise. However
 we have not reached any new agreements or arrangements with respect to any such acquisition
 licensing
opportunity or strategic alliance (other than those described herein) at this time and we may not be able to consummate any acquisitions
licensing arrangements or strategic alliances on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to consummate any such acquisitions
licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may reduce our growth and expansion. In addition
 if these acquisitions
 licensing
opportunities or strategic alliances are not successful
 our earnings could be materially adversely affected by increased expenses
and decreased revenues.

Our
 We have
historically utilized joint ventures and acquisitions to grow our business and we intend to continue to seek opportunities for
new joint ventures and acquisitions that will be complimentary to our business. While we believe that our joint ventures will
be successful
 losses in our joint ventures or any future joint ventures would hurt our profitability. In addition
 we generally
will not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding our joint ventures. Investments in joint ventures
may under certain circumstances
 involve risks not present when a third party is not involved
 including the possibility that
joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of the required capital contributions. Joint venture
partners may have business interests
 strategies or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests
 strategies or goals
and may be
 in cases where we have a minority interest
 in a position to take actions contrary to our policies
 strategies or
objectives. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that
could increase our expenses and could prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort exclusively on
our business strategies. In addition
 we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party joint venture
partners.


    
    


Acquisitions
including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks
 which may include:



    
    
difficulties
    in integrating acquired operations or products
 including the loss of key employees from
 or customers of
 acquired businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from our existing businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; and 

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering distribution channels
 categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience.


Our
failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business
 and any adverse consequences associated with our acquisition
activities
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results.

The
loss of any of our key customers
 No one customer accounted
for greater than 10% of our net sales during our 2020 fiscal year. We generally do not enter long-term contracts with most of
our customers
 but we do enter into one and two year agreements with most our key customers on our private label business. Accordingly
some of our customers can stop purchasing our products at any time without penalty and are free to purchase products from our
competitors. The loss of
 or reduction in sales to any of our other customers to which we sell a significant amount of our products
or any material adverse change in the financial condition of such customers would negatively affect our revenues and decrease
our earnings.

If
we lose our key personnel
 including Andrew Gordon and David Gordon
 Our
success depends to a large degree upon the services of Andrew Gordon
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive Vice President &ndash; Operations and Secretary. We also depend to a large
degree on the expertise of our coffee roasters. We do not have employment contracts with our coffee roasters. Our ability to source
and purchase a sufficient supply of high quality coffee beans and to roast coffee beans consistent with our quality standards
could suffer if we lose the services of any of these individuals. As a result
 our business and operating results would be adversely
affected. We may not be successful in obtaining and retaining a replacement for either Andrew Gordon or David Gordon if they elect
to stop working for us. In addition
 we do not have key-person insurance on the lives of Andrew Gordon or David Gordon.


    
    


Our
indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional funds and may increase our vulnerability to economic or business
From time to time
 we utilize borrowings under our credit facility in connection with operations. Outstanding
debt could have important negative consequences to the holders of our securities
 including the following:



    
    
general
    domestic and global economic conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to pay debt service and will not be available to fund future operations;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    have increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and coffee industry conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may be vulnerable to higher interest rates because interest expense on borrowings under our revolving line of credit is based
    on variable rates; and

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may be subject to covenants that could restrict our operations.


Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund our operations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future.
Our future operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable
to make payments on our debt
 we may have to reduce or delay capital expenditures
 sell assets
 seek additional capital or restructure
or refinance our debt.

Our
credit facility contains covenants that place annual restrictions on our operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
capital expenditures
 minimum deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 distribution
restrictions (common stock and preferred stock)
 dividend restrictions and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The credit
facility also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance
with all covenants in the future or that we will be able to modify the terms of the credit facility should that become necessary.
Failure to comply with any of these covenants and restrictions would result in an event of default under the loan agreement.

We
received a loan under the Paycheck Protection Program of the CARES Act
 and all or a portion of the loan may not be forgivable.
In July
 2020
 we received a $634
400 loan (the &ldquo;PPP Loan&rdquo;) pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program of
the CARES Act. The receipt of the funds
 and the forgiveness of the PPP Loan is dependent on us having initially qualified for
the loan and qualifying for the forgiveness of such loan based on our adherence to the forgiveness criteria. In June 2020
 the
United States Congress passed the Payroll Protection Program Flexibility Act that made several significant changes to PPP Loan
provisions
 including providing greater flexibility for loan forgiveness. We are using the proceeds from the PPP Loan to fund
payroll costs in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions of the CARES Act. We are following the government guidelines
and tracking costs to insure 100% forgiveness of the PPP Loan. To the extent the PPP Loan is not forgiven
 we will be required
to repay that portion at an interest rate of 1% over a period of two years. If the conditions outlined in the loan program are
adhered to by us
 all or part of such loan could be forgiven. However
 we cannot provide any assurance that we will be eligible
for loan forgiveness or that any amount of the PPP Loan will ultimately be forgiven.

If
we fail to promote
 enhance and maintain our brands
 the value of our brands could decrease and our revenues and profitability
 We believe that promoting and enhancing our brands is critical to our success. If our brand-building
strategy is unsuccessful
 these expenses may never be recovered
 and we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands or protect
the value of our brands. If we are unable to achieve these goals
 our revenues and ability to implement our business strategy
could be adversely affected.

Our
success in promoting and enhancing our brands will also depend on our ability to provide customers with high quality products
and service. Although we take measures to ensure that we sell only fresh roasted coffee
 we have no control over our roasted coffee
products once they are purchased by our customers. Accordingly
 wholesale customers may store our coffee for longer periods of
time or resell our coffee without our consent
 in each case
 potentially affecting the quality of the coffee prepared from our
products. Although we believe we are less susceptible to quality control problems than many of our competitors because our products
are processed in-house under strict quality control guidelines which have been in place for more than 40 years
 if consumers do
not perceive our products and service to be of high quality
 then the value of our brands may be diminished and
 consequently
our operating results and ability to implement our business strategy may be adversely affected.


    
    


Our
roasting methods are not proprietary
 so competitors may be able to duplicate them
 which could harm our competitive position.
If our competitive position is weakened
.
We consider our roasting methods essential to the flavor and richness of our roasted coffee and
 therefore
 essential
to our brands of coffee. Because we do not hold any patents for our roasting methods
 it may be difficult for us to prevent competitors
from copying our roasting methods if such methods become known. If our competitors copy our roasting methods
 the value of our
coffee brands may be diminished
 and we may lose customers to our competitors. In addition
 competitors may be able to develop
roasting methods that are more advanced than our roasting methods
 which may also harm our competitive position.

The
success of our brand also depends in part on our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks
 copyrights
 service
marks
 trade secrets and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. The success of our growth strategy depends on our
continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our
brand in both domestic and international markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate
 or if
any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property
 the value of our brand may be harmed
 which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. We may become engaged in litigation to protect our intellectual property
 which could
result in substantial costs to us as well as diversion of management attention.

Since
we rely heavily on common carriers to ship our coffee on a daily basis
 any disruption in their services or increase in shipping
costs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers
 which could result in reduced revenues
 increased operating
expenses
 We rely on a number of common carriers to deliver coffee to our
customers and to deliver coffee beans to us. We have no control over these common carriers and the services provided by them may
be interrupted as a result of labor shortages
 contract disputes and other factors. If we experience an interruption in these
services
 we may be unable to ship our coffee in a timely manner
 which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our relationship
with our customers. In addition
 a delay in shipping could require us to contract with alternative
 and possibly more expensive
common carriers and could cause orders to be cancelled or receipt of goods to be refused. Any significant increase in shipping
costs could lower our profit margins or force us to raise prices
 which could cause our revenue and profits to suffer.

If
there was a significant interruption in the operation of our Colorado
 Ohio or Massachusetts facilities
 we may not have the capacity
to service all of our customers and we may not be able to service our customers in a timely manner
 thereby reducing our revenues
 We are dependent on the continued operations of our Colorado
 Ohio and Massachusetts coffee roasting and
distribution facilities. Our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and
to protect against damage from fire
 natural disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications failure or similar events. In addition
growth of our customer base may strain or exceed the capacity of our systems and lead to degradations in performance or systems
failure. Although we continually review and consider upgrades to our order fulfillment infrastructure and provide for system redundancies
to limit the likelihood of systems overload or failure
 substantial damage to our systems or a systems failure that causes interruptions
for a number of days could adversely affect our business. Additionally
 if we are unsuccessful in updating and expanding our order
fulfillment infrastructure
 our ability to grow may be constrained. As a result
 our revenues and earnings could be materially
adversely affected.


There
may be limitations on the effectiveness of our internal controls
 and a failure of our control systems to prevent error or fraud
 We are required
 pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 to furnish a report
by our management on
 among other things
 the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. This assessment
includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting.
A&nbsp;material weakness&nbsp;is a deficiency
 or combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting such
that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented
or detected on a timely basis.

As
of October 31
 2020
 we have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting related to the accounting
for stock-based compensation awards and an overstatement in inventory levels and the valuation of inventory at one of our subsidiaries.
If our steps are insufficient to successfully remediate these material weaknesses and otherwise maintain an effective system of
internal control over financial reporting
 the reliability of our financial reporting
 investor confidence in us and the value
of our common stock could be adversely affected.

Effective
internal control over financial reporting is necessary for us to provide reliable and timely financial reports and
 together with
adequate disclosure controls and procedures
 are designed to reasonably detect and prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required
new or improved controls
 or difficulties encountered in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations.
Undetected material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting could lead to financial statement restatements
and require us to incur the expense of remediation.

Moreover
we do not expect that disclosure controls or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. A
control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control
system&rsquo;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been detected.
Failure of our control systems to detect or prevent error or fraud could materially adversely impact us.

Our
remediation efforts may not enable us to avoid a&nbsp;material weakness&nbsp;in our internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Any of the foregoing occurrences
 should they come to pass
 could negatively impact the public perception of our
company
 which could have a negative impact on our stock price.





The
failure of our suppliers or customers to adhere to the quality standards that we set for our products could lead to investigations
&nbsp;litigation
write-offs
 recalls or boycotts of our products
 which could damage our reputation and our brand
 increase our costs
 and otherwise
adversely affect our business. Unfavorable allegations
 government investigations and legal actions surrounding our products and/or
our business could harm our reputation
 impair our ability to grow or sustain our business
 and adversely affect our business
 We do not control the operations of our suppliers or customers and we cannot
guarantee that our suppliers or customers will comply with applicable laws and regulations or operate in a legal
 ethical and
responsible manner. Additionally
 it is possible that we may not be able to identify noncompliance by our suppliers or customers
notwithstanding any precautionary measures we implement. Violation of applicable laws and regulations by our suppliers or customers
or their failure to operate in a legal
 ethical or responsible manner
 could expose us to legal risks
 cause us to violate laws
and regulations and reduce demand for our products if
 as a result of such violation or failure
 we attract negative publicity.
In addition
 the failure of our suppliers and customers to adhere to the quality standards that we set for our products could
lead to government investigations
&nbsp;litigation
 write-offs and recalls
 which could damage our reputation and our brand
 increase
our costs
 and otherwise adversely affect our business.

We
rely on our reputation for offering great value
 superior service and a broad assortment of high-quality
 safe products. If we
become subject to unfavorable allegations
 government investigations or legal actions involving our products or us
 such circumstances
could harm our reputation and our brand and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and operating results. If this
negative impact is significant
 our ability to grow or sustain our business could be jeopardized.

As
disclosed further herein
 we have been named as a defendant in one class action lawsuit
 and we have agreed to indemnify a client
named in another class action lawsuit
 alleging that our products were mislabeled and thus violate consumer protection and false
advertising statutes
 among others. These lawsuits
 which generally allege that our coffee products do not make the number of
servings as stated on the label
 are affecting the entire coffee industry and numerous similar lawsuits have been filed against
numerous private label coffee manufacturers and retailers.

Negative
publicity surrounding product matters
 including publicity about other retailers
 may harm our reputation and affect the demand
for our products. In addition
 if more stringent laws or regulations are adopted in the future
 we may have difficulty complying
with the new requirements imposed by such laws and regulations
 and in turn
 our business
 financial condition
 and operating
results could be adversely affected. Moreover
 regardless of whether any such changes are adopted
 we may become subject to claims
or governmental investigations alleging violations of applicable laws and regulations. Any such matter may subject us to fines
penalties
&nbsp;and/or litigation. Any one of these results could negatively affect our business
 financial condition
 and operating
results and impair our ability to grow or sustain our business.


Risks
related to the coffee industry

Increases
 Green coffee is
our largest single cost of sales. Coffee is a traded commodity and
 in general
 its price can fluctuate depending on:



    
    
outside
    speculative influences such as indexed and algorithmic commodity funds;

    
    
    

    
    
weather
    patterns in coffee-producing countries;

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    and political conditions affecting coffee-producing countries
 including acts of terrorism in such countries;

    
    
    

    
    
foreign
    currency fluctuations; and

    
    
    

    
    
trade
    regulations and restrictions between coffee-producing countries and the United States.

    
    
    


    
    


If
the cost of wholesale green coffee increases due to any of these factors
 our margins could decrease and our profitability could
suffer accordingly. It is expected that coffee prices will remain volatile in the coming years. Although we have historically
attempted to raise the selling prices of our products in response to increases in the price of wholesale green coffee
 when wholesale
green coffee prices increase rapidly or to significantly higher than normal levels
 we are not always able to pass the price increases
through to our customers on a timely basis
 if at all
 which adversely affects our operating margins and cash flow. We may not
be able to recover any future increases in the cost of wholesale green coffee. Even if we are able to recover future increases
our operating margins and results of operations may still be materially and adversely affected by time delays in the implementation
of price increases.

Disruptions
in the supply of green coffee could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers
 decreased revenues or could
 Green coffee is a commodity and its supply is subject to volatility beyond our
control. Supply is affected by many factors in the coffee growing countries including weather
 pest damage
 economic conditions
acts of terrorism
 as well as efforts by coffee growers to expand or form cartels or associations. In addition
 the political
situation in many of the Arabica coffee growing regions
 including Africa
 Indonesia
 and Central and South America
 can be unstable
and such instability could affect our ability to purchase coffee from those regions. If Arabica coffee beans from a region become
unavailable or prohibitively expensive
 we could be forced to discontinue particular coffee types and blends or substitute coffee
beans from other regions in our blends. Frequent substitutions and changes in our coffee product lines could lead to cost increases
customer alienation and fluctuations in our gross margins.

Some
of the Arabica coffee beans of the quality we purchase do not trade directly on the commodity markets. Rather
 we purchase the
high-end Arabica coffee beans that we use on a negotiated basis. We depend on our relationships with coffee brokers
 exporters
and growers for the supply of our primary raw material
 high quality Arabica coffee beans. If any of our relationships with coffee
brokers
 exporters or growers deteriorate
 we may be unable to procure a sufficient quantity of high quality coffee beans at prices
acceptable to us or at all. In such case
 we may not be able to fulfill the demand of our existing customers
 supply new retail
stores or expand other channels of distribution. A raw material shortage could result in a deterioration of our relationship with
our customers
 decreased revenues or could impair our ability to expand our business.

The
coffee industry is highly competitive and if we cannot compete successfully
 we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales
 The coffee markets in which we do business are highly competitive and competition in these markets
could become increasingly more intense due to the increasing popularity and growth of the coffee industry. The industry in which
we compete is particularly sensitive to price pressure
 as well as quality
 reputation and viability for wholesale and brand loyalty
for retail. To the extent that one or more of our competitors becomes more successful with respect to any key competitive factor
our ability to attract and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. Our private label and branded coffee products
compete with other manufacturers of private label coffee and branded coffees. These competitors
 such as Kraft Foods
 Inc. (owner
of the Maxwell House brand)
 and J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of the Folgers and Caf&eacute; Bustelo brands)
 have much greater financial
marketing
 distribution
 management and other resources than we do for marketing
 promotions and geographic and market expansion.
In addition
 there are a growing number of specialty coffee companies who provide specialty green coffee and roasted coffee for
retail sale. If we are unable to compete successfully against existing and new competitors
 we may lose our customers or experience
reduced sales and profitability.

Besides
coffee
 we face exposure to other commodity cost fluctuations
In addition to the
increase in coffee costs discussed in the risk factor above
 we are exposed to cost fluctuation in other commodities
 including
in particular
 steel
 natural gas and gasoline. In addition
 an increase in the cost of fuel could indirectly lead to higher electricity
costs
 transportation costs and other commodity costs. Much like coffee costs
 the costs of these commodities depend on various
factors beyond our control
 including economic and political conditions
 foreign currency fluctuations
 and global weather patterns.
To the extent we are unable to pass along such costs to our customers through price increases
 our margins and profitability will
decrease.

Adverse
Coffee contains caffeine and other active compounds
 the
health effects of some of which are not fully understood. A number of research studies conclude or suggest that excessive consumption
of caffeine may lead to increased heart rate
 nausea and vomiting
 restlessness and anxiety
 depression
 headaches
 tremors
 sleeplessness
and other adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in coffee
could significantly reduce the demand for coffee
 which could harm our business and reduce our sales and profits. In addition
we could become subject to litigation relating to the existence of such compounds in our coffee; litigation that could be costly
and could divert management attention.


    
    


Risks
related to our common stock

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly
 which makes our results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our
 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year
to year as a result of a number of factors
 many of which are outside of our control. These fluctuations could be caused by a
number of factors including:



    
    
fluctuations
    in purchase prices and supply of green coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in the selling prices of our products;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    success of our hedging strategy;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers; and

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins.


As
a result of the foregoing
 period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and those comparisons
should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Accordingly
 our operating results in future quarters may be below
market expectations. In this event
 the price of our common stock may decline.

The
Members of the Gordon family
 including
Andrew Gordon
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive
Vice President and Secretary
 own
 in the aggregate
 approximately 15.3% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result
the Gordon family is able to influence the actions that require stockholder approval
 including:



    
    
the
    election of a majority of our directors;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    amendment of our charter documents; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    approval of mergers
 sales of assets or other corporate transactions or matters submitted for stockholder approval.


As
a result
 our other stockholders may have reduced influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval. In addition
 the
Gordon family&rsquo;s influence could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us and consequently materially adversely affect
the price of our common stock.

The
 The market price and
trading volume of our common stock has been volatile over the past year and it may continue to be volatile. Over the past year
our common stock has traded as low as $1.76 and as high as $5.37 per share. We cannot predict the price at which our common stock
will trade in the future and it may decline. The price at which our common stock trades may fluctuate significantly and may be
influenced by many factors
 including our financial results
 developments generally affecting the coffee industry
 general economic
industry and market conditions
 the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock
 fluctuations in coffee prices
 investor
perceptions of our business
 reports by industry analysts
 negative announcements by our customers
 competitors or suppliers regarding
their own performances
 and the impact of other &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; discussed in this Annual Report.


    
    


Provisions
in our articles of incorporation
 bylaws and of Nevada law have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control that
could be beneficial to our stockholders
Our articles
of incorporation
 bylaws and Nevada corporate law contain provisions that could delay
 defer or prevent a change in control of
us or our management that could be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make
it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions might also discourage
a potential acquisition proposal or tender offer
 even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer is at a price above the then
current market price for shares of our common stock. These provisions:



    
    
provide
    that directors may only be removed upon a vote of at least eighty percent of the shares outstanding;

    
    
    

    
    
establish
    advance notice requirements for nominating directors and proposing matters to be voted on by shareholders at shareholder meetings;

    
    
    

    
    
limit
    the right of our stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders;

    
    
    

    
    
authorize
    our board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of those shares
 which would be
    senior to our common stock
 without prior stockholder approval;

    
    
    

    
    
require
    amendments to our articles of incorporation to be approved by the holders of at least eighty percent of our outstanding shares
    of common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms
 which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership
    of a majority of our board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent
 thereby only permitting stockholder action to be taken at an annual
    or special meeting of our stockholders.


We
are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Nevada law. Under Nevada law
 a corporation may not
 in general
 engage
in a business combination with any &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; for two (2) years after the date the person first became
an interested stockholder
 unless the combination meets all of the requirements of our articles of incorporation and (i) the purchase
of shares by the interested stockholder is approved by our board of directors before that date or (ii) the combination is approved
by our board of directors and
 at or after that time
 the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders
and not by written consent
 by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing at least sixty percent (60%) of our outstanding
voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or the affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder.



ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS


Not
applicable.



ITEM
    2.
    


We
are headquartered at 3475 Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York
 where we lease office and warehouse space. We pay annual
rent of $129
420 under the terms of the lease
 which expires on October 31
 2023.

We
lease a 50
000 square foot facility located at 27700 Frontage Road in La Junta
 Colorado from the City of La Junta. We pay annual
rent of $100
093 under the terms of the lease
 which expires in January 2024.

We
lease production
 warehouse and office space in North Arlington
 MA. We pay annual rent of $168
288 under the terms of a lease
which expires in May 2028.

We
lease production
 warehouse and office space in Madison
 WI. For Steep &amp; Brew
 through our joint venture with &ldquo;GCC&rdquo;.
We pay annual rent of $114
660 under the terms of a lease
 which expires in September 2024.

We
also use a variety of independent
 bonded commercial warehouses to store our green coffee beans. Our management believes that
our facilities are adequate for our current operations and for our contemplated operations in the foreseeable future.



ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS


We
were named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois on or about December 21
 2020. The plaintiffs
 Eileen Brodsky and Rhonda Diamond
 purporting to represent a class
of individuals who purchased coffee products at one of our supermarket customers
 generally allege that such
client sold private label coffee products manufactured by us and one of our partners
 which falsely described the number
of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. These parties are also named as defendants in
the action. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under New York and California consumer protection laws
 and seeks unspecified
monetary damages
 including disgorgement and restitution
 as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory
and injunctive relief
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 and interest. We believe the allegations in the complaint are wholly without merit
and that the claims asserted are legally deficient
 and the company intends to vigorously defend the action. As of the filing
of this Form 10-K
 we have not been served with the complaint. Therefore
 we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this
lawsuit.&nbsp;

A
significant customer of ours was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court
for the District of Massachusetts on or about February 2
 2021
 concerning the labeling on private label coffee productions we
sold to the customer. The plaintiff
 David Cohen
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products
from our customer
 generally allege that the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by us which falsely described
the number of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. We are not named as a defendant in the action
but we have agreed to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending the lawsuit and for any liability
the customer may suffer as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts consumer protection laws
 and
seeks unspecified monetary damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory and injunctive
relief
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 and interest. We believe the allegations in the complaint are wholly without merit and that the
claims asserted are legally deficient
 and we intend to vigorously support the customer in defending the action. As of the filing
of this Form 10-K
 we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit.




ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES


Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II



ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Our
common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol &ldquo;JVA.&rdquo; We do not currently pay cash dividends on
our common stock. Our board of directors does not have any intention of paying a dividend in the future.

As
of January 20
 2021
 we had 170 holders of record.



ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA


The
following table sets forth selected financial data for the last five years from the consolidated financial statements of Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc. The following information is only a summary
 and you should read it in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and notes beginning on page F-1.



    
For
    the Years Ended October 31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(Dollars
    in thousands
 except per share data)

Income
    Statement Data:
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    sales
74
336
86
467
90
655
77
128
78
948

Cost
    of sales
61
257
70
708
75
041
64
978
67
066

Gross
    profit
13
079
15
759
15
614
12
150
11
882

Operating
    expenses
13
904
15
219
13
213
10
927
8
019

(Loss)
    income from operations
    
    
2
401
1
223
3
863

Other
    income (expense)
    
    
    
    
    

(Loss)
    income before income taxes
    
    
2
039
    
3
716

(Benefit)
    provision for income taxes
    
    
    
    
1
366

Minority
    interest
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    (loss) income
    
    
1
066
    
2
212

Net
    (loss) income per share &ndash; Basic &amp; Diluted
    
    
    
    
    




    
At
    October 31


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(Dollars
    in thousands
 except per shares data)

Balance
    Sheet Data:
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    assets
38
480
39
687
38
834
40
132
37
023

Short-term
    debt
    
7
168
6
330
8
408
6
958

Total
    liabilities
10
736
12
956
12
844
14
408
11
910

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity
27
744
26
731
25
990
25
591
25
113

Book value
    per share
    
    
    
    
    




    
At
    October 31


    
    
    
    
    
    

Per
    Common Share Data:
    
    
    
    
    

Basic
    &amp; Diluted EPS
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    dividends declared
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Cautionary
Note on Forward-Looking Statements

Some
of the matters discussed under the caption &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation
&rdquo; &ldquo;Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this annual report include forward-looking
statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based
these forward-looking statements upon information available to management as of the date of this Form 10-K and management&rsquo;s
expectations and projections about future events
 including
 among other things:



    
    
our
    dependency on a single commodity could affect our revenues and profitability;

    
    
our
    success in expanding our market presence in new geographic regions;

    
    
the
    effectiveness of our hedging policy may impact our profitability;

    
    
the
    success of our joint ventures;

    
    
our
    success in implementing our business strategy or introducing new products;

    
    
our
    ability to attract and retain customers;

    
    
our
    ability to obtain additional financing;

    
    
our
    ability to comply with the restrictive covenants we are subject to under our current financing;

    
    
the
    effects of competition from other coffee manufacturers and other beverage alternatives;

    
    
the
    impact to the operations of our Colorado facility;

    
    
general
    economic conditions and conditions which affect the market for coffee;

    
    
the
    potential adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and results
 including as a result of the loss of adequate
    labor
 any prolonged closures
 or series of temporary closures
 of our supply chain
 or changes in consumer behaviors
 when
    stay-at-home restriction orders are lifted and/or as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic&rsquo;s impact on financial markets
    and economic conditions;

    
    
our
    expectations regarding
 and the stability of
 our supply chain
 including potential shortages or interruptions in the supply
    or delivery of green coffee
 as a result of COVID-19 or otherwise;

    
    
the
    macro global economic environment;

    
    
our
    ability to maintain and develop our brand recognition;

    
    
the
    impact of rapid or persistent fluctuations in the price of coffee beans;

    
    
fluctuations
    in the supply of coffee beans;

    
    
the
    volatility of our common stock; and

    
    
other
    risks which we identify in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).


In
some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;future
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo; and similar expressions (or the negative
of such expressions). Any or all of our forward looking statements in this annual report and in any other public statements we
make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties.
Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. In addition
 we undertake no responsibility to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances
 that occur after the date of this annual report.


    
    




We
are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States and one of the few coffee companies that offers a broad
array of coffee products across the entire spectrum of consumer tastes
 preferences and price points. As a result
 we believe
that we are well-positioned to increase our profitability and endure potential coffee price volatility throughout varying cycles
of the coffee market and economic conditions.

Our
operations have primarily focused on the following areas of the coffee industry:



    
    
the
    sale of wholesale specialty green coffee;

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and sale of private label coffee;

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and sale of our eight brands of coffee; and

    
    
sales
    of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment.


Our
operating results are affected by a number of factors including:



    
    
the
    level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry;

    
    
our
    ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers;

    
    
our
    hedging policy;

    
    
fluctuations
    in purchase prices and supply of green coffee and in the selling prices of our products; and

    
    
our
    ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins.


Our
net sales are driven primarily by the success of our sales and marketing efforts and our ability to retain existing customers
and attract new customers. For this reason
 we have made
 and will continue to evaluate
 strategic decisions to invest in
measures that are expected to increase net sales. These transactions include our acquisition of Premier Roasters
 LLC
including equipment and a roasting facility in La Junta
 Colorado
 the addition of a west coast sales manager to increase
sales of our private label and branded coffees to new customers
 our joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc. of
Brecksville
 Ohio
 the transaction with OPTCO. On June 29
 2016
 we purchased substantially all the assets
 including
equipment
 inventory
 customer lists and relationships of Coffee Kinetics
 LLC
 a Washington limited liability
company. On June 29
 2016
 we purchased through SONO
 substantially all the assets
 including equipment
 inventory
 customer
list and relationships of Coffee Kinetics
 LLC
 a Washington limited liability company. On February 24
 2017
 we acquired
100% of the capital stock of Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;)
 a Massachusetts based medium sized coffee roaster
manufacturing both branded and private label coffee for retail and foodservice customers. In April 2018
 Generations Coffee
Company
 the entity formed as a result of our joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc.
 purchased substantially all the
assets of Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc. In October 2020
 we entered into the Jordre Well Agreement to become a 49% owner in The
Jordre Well
 a CBD beverage company. Under the terms of the Jordre Well Agreement
 The Jordre Well will assist us in the
development and commercialization of CBD-infused line extensions for the existing coffee brands within our portfolio
 as well
as launch new brands that are intended to serve consumer demand for non-coffee CBD-infused beverages and products. We believe
these efforts will allow us to expand our business. We believe these efforts will allow us to expand our business.

Our
net sales are affected by the price of green coffee. We purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United
States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from many countries
 including Colombia
 Mexico
 Kenya
 Indonesia
 Brazil and
Uganda. The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond
our control. For example
 in Brazil
 which produces approximately 40% of the world&rsquo;s green coffee
 the coffee crops are
historically susceptible to frost in June and July and drought in September
 October and November. However
 because we purchase
coffee from a number of countries and are able to freely substitute one country&rsquo;s coffee for another in our products
 price
fluctuations in one country generally have not had a material impact on the price we pay for coffee. Accordingly
 price fluctuations
in one country generally have not had a material effect on our results of operations
 liquidity and capital resources. Historically
because we generally have been able to pass green coffee price increases through to customers
 increased prices of green coffee
generally result in increased net sales
 irrespective of sales volume.

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Historically
 we have used
 and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity
 short-term coffee futures and options contracts
primarily for the purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices
 as further explained in Note 2 of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. In addition
 we acquired
 and expect to continue to acquire
futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to four months
 primarily for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply
of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales.
Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost
of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices.
We believe that
 in normal economic times
 our hedging policies remain a vital element to our business model not only in controlling
our cost of sales
 but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying
to minimize margin compression during a time of historically high coffee prices. However
 no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing
risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any of our futures
contracts. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred significant losses on
options and futures contracts during some recent reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting
in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost
of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors
- If our hedging policy is not effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than
market value for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced.&rdquo; Failure to properly design and implement an effective
hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately
offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in
a decrease in profitability or increased losses. As previously announced
 as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities
markets
 we have and are continuing to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts
and intend to continue to use these practices in a limited capacity going forward.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for
 but not limited to
 the accounting for the
allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventories
 assets held for sale
 business combinations
 carrying amounts of intangible assets
and goodwill
 deferred taxes
 income taxes
 commodities held and loss contingencies. Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies
 among others
 may be impacted significantly by judgment
 assumptions and estimates
used in the preparation of the financial statements:



    
    
The
    Company has adopted the new revenue recognition standard ASC 606 on November 1
 2018 using the modified retrospective method.
    The majority of the Company&rsquo;s business is ship and bill. The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the five-step
    model in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains
    control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled
    to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements
 the Company performs
    the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract
    (3) determine the transaction price
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and
    (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. 

    
    
    

    
    
Effective
    November 1
 2019
 we adopted ASC Topic 842
 Leases (&ldquo;ASC 842&rdquo;). The new guidance increases transparency by requiring
    the recognition of right to use assets and lease liabilities on the statement of financial condition. The recognition of these
    lease assets and lease liabilities represents a change from previous US GAAP requirement
 which did not require lease assets
    and lease liabilities to be recognized for most operating leases. The recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses
    and cash flows arising from a lease
 have not significantly changed from previous US GAAP requirements. On November 1
 2019
    the effective date of ASC 842
 existing leases of ours were required to be recognized and measured. Additionally any leases
    entered into during the year were also required to recognized and measured. In applying ASC 842
 we made an accounting policy
    election not to recognize the right of use assets and lease liabilities relating to short-term leases. Implementation of ASC
    842 included an analysis of contracts
 including real estate leases and service contracts to identify embedded leases
 to
    determine the initial recognition of the right to use assets and lease liabilities
 which required subjective assessment over
    the determination of the associated discount rates to apply in determining the lease liabilities. The new standard provides
    a number of transition practical expedients
 which the Company has elected
 including: A &ldquo;package of three&rdquo; expedients
    that must be taken together and allow entities to (1) not reassess whether existing contracts contain leases
 (2) carryforward
    the existing lease classification
 and (3) not reassess initial direct costs associated with existing leases.

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained to provide for losses arising from customers&rsquo; inability to make required
    payments. If there is deterioration of our customers&rsquo; credit worthiness and/or there is an increase in the length of
    time that the receivables are past due greater than the historical assumptions used
 additional allowances may be required.
    For example
 every additional one percent of our accounts receivable that becomes uncollectible
 would decrease our operating
    income by approximately $74
000 for the year ended October 31
 2020. The reserve for sales discounts represents the estimated
    discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount of returns
    slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by us from our customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Inventories
    are stated at lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Based on our assumptions about future demand
    and market conditions
 inventories are subject to be written-down to market value. If our assumptions about future demand
    change and/or actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected
 additional write-downs of inventories may
    be required. Each additional one percent of potential inventory write-down would have decreased operating income by approximately
    $171
000 for the year ended October 31
 2020.



    
    




    
    
The
    commodities held at broker represent the market value of our trading account
 which consists of option and futures contracts
    for coffee held with a brokerage firm. We use options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying as hedging
    instruments
 to partially hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts
    are recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such
    positions. We classify options and futures contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized holding gains and losses
    are included in earnings. We record realized and unrealized gains and losses in our cost of sales in the statement of operations/income.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    account for income taxes in accordance with the relevant authoritative guidance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed
    for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable
    or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
    to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reflected on the balance sheet when it is determined that it is more likely than not that
    the asset will be realized.

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    goodwill consists of the cost in excess of the fair market value of the acquired net assets of OPTCO
 SONO
 CFI and Steep
    &amp; Brew
 through GCC
 which has been integrated into a structure that does not provide the basis for separate reporting
    units. Consequently
 we are a single reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. We also have intangible assets
    consisting of our customer lists and relationships and trademarks acquired from OPTCO and SONO. At October 31
 2020 our balance
    sheet reflected goodwill and intangible assets as set forth below:




    
October
    31
 2020

Customer
    list and relationships
 net
490
621

Non-compete
    net
49
500

    
2
488
785

Trademarks
    and tradenames
1
488
000

    
    

    
4
516
906


Goodwill
and the trademarks which are deemed to have indefinite lives are subject to annual impairment tests. Goodwill impairment tests
require the comparison of the fair value and carrying value of reporting units. We assess the potential impairment of goodwill
and intangible assets annually and on an interim basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable. Upon completion of such review
 if impairment is found to have occurred
 a corresponding charge
will be recorded. The value assigned to the customer list and relationships is being amortized over a twenty year period.

Because
the Company is a single reporting unit
 the closing NASDAQ Capital Market price of our common stock as of the acquisition date
was used as a basis to measure the fair value of goodwill. Goodwill and the intangible assets will be tested annually at the end
of each fiscal year to determine whether they have been impaired. Upon completion of each annual review
 there can be no assurance
that a material charge will not be recorded. Impairment testing is required more often than annually if an event or circumstance
indicates that an impairment or decline in value may have occurred.


    
    


Year
Ended October 31
 2020 (Fiscal Year 2020) Compared to the Year Ended October 31
 2019 (Fiscal Year 2019)

Net
 Net sales totaled $74
335
815 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020
 a decrease of $12
131
617
 or 14%
 from
$86
467
432 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. The decrease in net sales was due to the COVID-19 pandemic which caused
many of our green coffee customers who service the restaurant and food service industry as well as our customers in the food service
space to either close or suspend their business operations during the period resulting in lost revenues from that segment of our
customer base. Also
 supermarket sales returned to more traditional levels
 as the stockpiling in the second quarter of the year
did not repeat for the remaining six months of the year.

Cost
 Cost of sales for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 was $61
256
926
 or 82.4% of net sales
 as compared
to $70
708
100
 or 81.8% of net sales
 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. Cost of sales consists primarily of the cost
of green coffee and packaging materials and realized and unrealized gains or losses on hedging activity. The decrease in cost
of sales was due to our decreased sales and increased cost of coffee.

Gross
 Gross profit for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 was $13
078
889
 a decrease of $2
680
443 from $15
759
332
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased to 17.6% for the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2020 from 18.2% for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. The decrease in gross profits resulted from a decrease
in sales due to the COVID-19 pandemic and inventory adjustments resulting from such decreased sales
 lost customers and outdated
inventory during the year.

Operating
 Total operating expenses decreased by $1
314
596 to $13
904
207 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 from
$15
218
803 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. Selling and administrative expenses decreased $1
281
500
 or 8.8%
 to
$13
223
207 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 from $14
504
707 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. Our efforts
to control costs through the elimination of redundancy in our operations and the elimination of certain unnecessary variable costs
were the primary reasons for this decrease. Officers&rsquo; salary decreased by $33
096 or 4.6% to $681
000 for the fiscal year
ended October 31
 2020 from $714
096 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. Further
 each of our Chief Executive Officer
and our Vice President took pay decreases in the fourth quarter
 which will continue during fiscal 2021.

Other
 Other income for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 was $447
561
 a decrease of $694
876 from other
expenses of $247
315 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. The decrease in other expense was attributable to our recognition
of the forgiveness of the PPP government grant of $634
400
 a decrease in interest expense of $69
415
 partially offset by a decrease
in interest income of $7
692 and an increase in our loss from our equity investments of $1
247
 during the fiscal year ended October
31
 2020.

Income
 We had a loss of $377
757 before
income taxes and non-controlling interest in subsidiary for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 compared to income of $293
214
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019
 resulting in a net change of $670
971 for the year ended October 31
 2020.

Income
 Our benefit for income taxes for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 totaled $41
713 compared to a provision
of $29
208 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. The change was attributable to the difference in the income for the year
ended October 31
 2020 versus fiscal year ended October 31
 2019.

Net
 We had a net loss of $94
301 or $0.02 per share basic and diluted
 for the fiscal year ended October
31
 2020 compared to a net loss of $94
598
 or $0.02 per share basic and diluted for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019.
The decrease in net income was due to numerous factors which had to be dealt with during our fiscal fourth quarter. For
example
 for the year ended October 31
 2020
 we had a loss before our non-controlling interest in our subsidiary of $336
044
versus net income of $264
006 for the year ended October 31
 2019. Our non-controlling interest for the year ended October
31
 2020 reduced the loss by $366
044 bringing the net loss attributable to Coffee Holding Co. to $94
301
 whereas the
non-controlling interest for the year ended October 31
 2019 reduced profit by $358
604 bringing the net loss attributable to
Coffee Holding Co. to a loss of $94
598. Our consolidated subsidiary
 in which we have a 60% interest
 had write downs on
both inventories and accounts receivable due to COVID-19
 including an approximately $85
000 write down of
receivables and an approximately $217
000 write down of inventories.


    
    


Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of October 31
 2020
 we had working capital of $24
039
538
 which represented a $3
811
594 increase from our working capital of
$20
227
944 as of October 31
 2019
 and total stockholders&rsquo; equity of $26
518
666 which increased by $1
254
589 from our
total stockholders&rsquo; equity of $25
264
077 as of October 31
 2019. Our working capital increased primarily due to an increase
of $472
564 in cash
 decreases of $1
307
918 in accounts payable and accrued expenses
 $3
365
843 in our short term borrowings
partially offset by decreases of $2
012
522 in accounts receivable
 $1
738
232 in inventory
 $553
356 in due from broker
 $97
380
in prepaid expenses and other current assets
 $240
629 in prepaid and refundable income taxes
 increases of $5
271 in income taxes
payable and $484
163 in lease liability &ndash; current portion. As of October 31
 2020
 the outstanding balance on our line of
credit was $3
796
822 compared to $7
167
740 as of October 31
 2019.

On
April 25
 2017
 us and OPTCO (collectively
 the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;) entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security
Agreement (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Agreement&rdquo;) and Amended and Restated Loan Facility (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Facility&rdquo;)
with Sterling National Bank (&ldquo;Sterling&rdquo;)
 which consolidated (i) the financing agreement between the Company and Sterling
dated February 17
 2009
 as modified
 (the &ldquo;Company Financing Agreement&rdquo;) and (ii) the financing agreement between
us
 as guarantor
 OPTCO and Sterling
 dated March 10
 2015 (the &ldquo;OPTCO Financing Agreement&rdquo;)
 amongst other things.

On
March 13
 2020
 we reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of
the new agreement among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31
 2022 and (ii) decreases the interest rate
per annum to LIBOR plus 1.75% (with such interest rate not to be lower than 3.50%).

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and A&amp;R Loan Agreement contains covenants
 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers&rsquo; operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum
deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions
(common stock and preferred stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions. We were in compliance with all covenants as
of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019.

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement is secured by all of our tangible and intangible assets. Other than
as amended and restated by the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement remains
in full force and effect.

Pursuant
to the terms of the Jordre Well Agreement
 we issued to The Jordre Well 139
250 shares of our Common Stock on the effective date
of the Jordre Well Agreement and are obligated to issue an additional 139
250 shares of Common Stock once $500
000 in revenue
is generated from the joint venture.


    
    


For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020
 our operating activities provided net cash of $4
385
757 as compared to the fiscal year
ended October 31
 2019 when operating activities used net cash of $2
148
616. The increased cash flow from operations for the
fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 was primarily due to our inventories usage during the year ended October 31
 2020.

For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020
 our investing activities used net cash of $537
835 as compared to the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2019 when net cash used by investing activities was $897
683. The decrease in our uses of cash in investing activities
was due to our decreased outlays for purchases of machinery and equipment during the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020.

For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020
 our financing activities used net cash of $3
375
358 compared to net cash provided by
financing activities of $837
471 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2019. The change in cash flow from financing activities
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 was due to our increased principal reductions on our line of credit.

We
expect to fund our operations
 including paying our liabilities
 funding capital expenditures and making required payments on
our indebtedness
 through October 31
 2021 with cash provided by operating activities and the use of our credit facility. In addition
an increase in eligible accounts receivable and inventory would permit us to make additional borrowings under our line of credit.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.


    
    




ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


Not
applicable.



ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


See
pages F-1 through F-21 following the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





    
    




ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES


Evaluation
 Management
 which includes our President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon that evaluation
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective. We specifically identified a combination of control deficiencies relating to the
accuracy and completeness of our accounting for stock-based compensation awards and inventories at one of our subsidiaries
which constitute material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding such material weaknesses
we believe the financial information presented herein is materially correct and fairly presents the financial position and operating
results of the fiscal year ended October 31
 2020 in accordance with U.S. GAAP.

Management
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
 provide reasonable assurances that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and the directors
 and provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of October 31
 2020. In making this
assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the 2013 Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based upon the assessment
 our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of October 31
 2020. Our control were inadequate to prevent and detect misstatements of stock
based compensation awards and quantities of inventory at one of our subsidiaries. A material weakness is a control
deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control
 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the entity&rsquo;s financial statements will not be prevented or detected and corrected on a timely basis.

Remediation
Plan for the Material Weakness

To
remediate the material weakness identified above
 we are initiating controls and procedures in order to:



    
    
Reinforce
    the importance of a strong control environment
 to emphasize the technical requirements for controls that are designed
 implemented
    and operating effectively and to set the appropriate expectations on internal controls through establishing the related policies
    and procedures;

    
    
    

    
    
Review
    the processes for documenting and alerting key personnel
 including our board members
 officers
 auditors and outside accountants
    of non-reoccurring events related to stock-based compensation awards to ensure such events are timely and adequately recorded
    and communicated to the appropriate parties; and

    
    
    

    
    
We
    have replaced and hired new employees in the accounting department at the subsidiary where the inventory analysis
    issue occurred and have made upgrades to the computer systems at the subsidiary. Further
 we hired a new director
    of finance at the subsidiary that is responsible for overseeing inventory counts and we are enhancing controls in the
    inventory business process over (i) inventory count procedures by requiring more frequent physical audits of our inventory
    and (ii) review of inventory adjustments and approvals.


The
material weaknesses identified above will not be considered remediated until our remediation efforts have been fully implemented
and we have concluded that these controls are operating effectively.

Management
does not expect that our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the objectives of
the control systems are met. Further
 the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective
control system
 no evaluation of internal control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due
to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 have been or will be detected.

Changes
 During the fiscal year ending October 31
 2020
 we continued to implement procedures
to review and document all corporate actions related to stock-based compensation awards. There have been no additional changes
in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred during our last fiscal
quarter that has materially affected
 or that is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm.

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Protection Act that permits us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.



ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION





    
    


PART
III



ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


    
    


PART
IV



ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




    
List
    of Documents filed as part of this Report




    
Financial
    Statements


The
financial statements and related notes
 together with the report of Marcum LLP appear at pages F-1 through F-24 following the
Exhibit List as required by Part II
 Item 8 &ldquo;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&rdquo; of this Form 10-K.



    
Financial
    Statement Schedules






    
List
    of Exhibits




    
    


The
Company has filed with this report or incorporated by reference herein certain exhibits as specified below pursuant to Rule 12b-32
under the Exchange Act.



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    and Plan of Merger
 dated October 31
 1997
 by and among Transpacific International Group Corp. and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
    (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement
    on Form SB-2 filed on November 10
 1997 (File No. 333-00588-NY)).

    
    
    

    
    
Asset
    Purchase Agreement
 dated February 4
 2004
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Premier Roasters LLC (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20
 2004 (File No.
    333-00588-NY)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form 8-A the &ldquo;2005 Registration Statement&rdquo; filed on May 2
 2005 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Bylaws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed February 25
 2019).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form
    SB-2 filed on June 24
 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)).

    
    
    

    
    
Description
    of Capital Stock.*

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    and Security Agreement
 dated February 17
 2009
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23
 2009 (File No.
    001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
    dated February 4
 2004
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and the City of La Junta
 Colorado (incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A filed on August
    12
 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)).

    
    
    

    
    
Trademark
    License Agreement
 dated February 4
 2004
 between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A for the quarter ended April 30
 2004
    filed on August 26
 2004 (File No. 333-00588-NY)) as amended by that First Amendment to Trademark License Agreement
 dated
    January 4
 2013.



    
    




    
    
First
    Amendment to Trademark License Agreement
 dated January 4
 2013
 by and between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co.
    Inc. Certain portions of Exhibit 10.4 are omitted based upon approval of the Company&rsquo;s request for confidential treatment
    through January 28
 2023. The omitted portions were filed separately with the SEC on a confidential basis (incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
 2012 filed on
    January 28
 2013 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated April 11
 2008
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Andrew Gordon (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16
 2008 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated April 11
 2008
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and David Gordon (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16
 2008 (File No. 001-32491)).
    

    
    
    

    
    
Coffee
    Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company&rsquo;s
    Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on June 14
 2005 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Contract
    of Sale
 dated April 14
 2009
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and 4401 1st Ave LLC (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28
 2010 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
First
    Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Sterling National Bank
 dated July 23
 2010
    (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 103 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31
 2011
    (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Placement
    Agency Agreement
 dated as of September 27
 2011
 by and among the Company
 the selling stockholders named therein
 Roth Capital
    Partners
 LLC and Maxim Group
 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form
    8-K filed on September 27
 2011 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription
    Agreement
 dated as of September 27
 2011
 by and between the Company
 the selling stockholders named therein and each of
    the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27
 2011 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
2013
    Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company&rsquo;s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on
    February 28
 2013 (File No. 13653320)).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Modification Agreement
 dated as of May 10
 2013
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 24
 2014 (File No.
    001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Modification Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Organic Products Trading Company LLC (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Security
    Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).



    
    




    
    
Guarantee
    dated March 10
 2015
 by Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended
    and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated April 25
 2017
 by and among Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 Organic Products Trading
    Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on April 28
 2017).

    
    
    

    
    
Guaranty
    Agreement
 dated April 25
 2017
 made by each of Sonofresco and Comfort Foods in favor of Sterling National Bank (incorporated
    herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28
 2017).

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
    dated December 6
 2000
 by and between Comfort Foods
 Inc. and One Clark Street North Andover LLC. (incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed January 29
 2018).

    
    
    

    
    
Second
    Amendment to Lease
 dated March 23
 2017
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and 25 COMM NAM
 LLC (incorporated herein
    by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed January 29
 2018).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
    Modification Agreement and Waiver
 dated March 23
 2018
 by and by and among Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 Organic Products Trading
    Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed on March 27
 2018).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Incentive Stock Option Agreement to the Company&rsquo;s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed June 29
 2019).

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Non-Qualified Stock Option Award Agreement to the Company&rsquo;s 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by
    reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed June 29
 2019).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan
                                         Modification Agreement and Waiver
 dated March 13
 2020
 by and among Coffee Holding
                                         Co.
 Inc.
 Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated
                                         herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
                                         filed on March 16
 2020).
        

    
    
    

    
    
List
    of Significant Subsidiaries.*

    
    
    

    
    
Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer&rsquo;s Certification pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002.*

    
    
    

    
    
Principal
    Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer&rsquo;s Certification furnished pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
    Act of 2002.**

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.


*
Filed herewith
**Furnished
herewith

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY




    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on February 16
 2021.



    
COFFEE
    HOLDING CO.
 INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Andrew Gordon

    
    
Andrew
    Gordon

    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/Andrew
    Gordon
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director
    
February
    16


Andrew
    Gordon
    
(principal
    executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    David Gordon
    
Executive
    Vice President &ndash; Operations
 Secretary and Director
    
February
    16


David
    Gordon
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Gerard DeCapua
    
    
    
February
    16


Gerard
    DeCapua
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;/s/
    Daniel Dwyer
    
    
    
February
    16


Daniel
    Dwyer
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Barry Knepper
    
    
    
February
    16


Barry
    Knepper
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    John Rotelli
    
    
    
February
    16


John
    Rotelli
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    George Thomas
    
    
    
February
    16


George
    Thomas
    
    
    
    



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    

FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS:
    
    

    
    
    

REPORT
    OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED
    BALANCE SHEETS AS OF OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED
    STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019 
    
    

    
    
    

NOTES
    TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Shareholders and Board of Directors of
Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of October
31
 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of (loss) / income
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows
for each of the two years in the period ended October 31
 2020
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended October 31
 2020
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Change
in Accounting Principle

As
discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company has changed its method of accounting for leases in 2020
due to the adoption of the guidance in ASC Topic 842
 Leases using the modified retrospective approach.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
 in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
 to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether
due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
 included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audit

/s/
Marcum 

Marcum


We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2013

New
York
 NY
February
16



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019



    
    
    

    
    
    

-
    ASSETS -
    
    

CURRENT
    ASSETS:
    
    

    
2
875
120
2
402
556

Accounts
    receivable
 net of allowances of $144
000 for 2020 and 2019
7
408
905
9
421
427

    
17
102
993
18
841
225

Due
    from broker
    
101
031

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
490
246
587
626

Prepaid
    and refundable income taxes
145
305
385
934

TOTAL
    CURRENT ASSETS
28
022
569
31
739
799

    
    
    

Machinery
    and equipment
 at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation of $7
610
864 and $6
931
913 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively
2
197
319
2
413
533

Customer
    list and relationships
 net of accumulated amortization of $194
379 and $151
627 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively
490
621
533
373

Trademarks
    and tradenames
1
488
000
1
488
000

Non-compete
    net of accumulated amortization of $49
500 and $29
700 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively
49
500
69
300

    
2
488
785
2
488
785

Equity
    method investments
561
405
86
008

Deferred
    income tax asset
782
175
480
473

Right
    of use asset
2
114
228
    

Deposits
    and other assets
285
548
387
453

TOTAL
    ASSETS
38
480
150
39
686
724

    
    
    

-
    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY -
    
    

CURRENT
    LIABILITIES:
    
    

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
3
036
097
4
344
015

Line
    of credit
    
7
167
740

Due
    to broker
452
325
    

Note
    payable &ndash; current portion
5
075
    

Lease
    liability &ndash; current portion
484
163
    

Income
    taxes payable
5
371
    

TOTAL
    CURRENT LIABILITIES
3
983
031
11
511
855

    
    
    

Deferred
    income tax liabilities
882
582
872
232

    
3
796
822
    

Deferred
    rent payable
    
193
461

Lease
    liability
1
780
306
    

Note
    payable &ndash; long term
17
292
    

Deferred
    compensation payable
276
548
378
453

TOTAL
    LIABILITIES
10
736
581
12
956
001

Commitments
    and Contingencies
    
    

STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo;
    EQUITY:
    
    

Coffee
    Holding Co.
 Inc. stockholders&rsquo; equity:
    
    

Preferred
    stock
 par value $.001 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized; none issued
    
    

Common
    stock
 par value $.001 per share; 30
000
000 shares authorized
 6
633
930 and 6
494
680 shares issued for 2020 and 2019; 5
708
599
    and 5
569
349 shares outstanding for 2020 and 2019
6
634
6
494

Additional
    paid-in capital
17
929
724
16
580
974

Retained
    earnings
13
215
868
13
310
169

Less:
    Treasury stock
 925
331 common shares
 at cost for 2020 and 2019
(4
633
560
(4
633
560

Total
    Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
26
518
666
25
264
077

Noncontrolling
    interest
1
224
903
1
466
646

TOTAL
    EQUITY
27
743
569
26
730
723

TOTAL
    LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
38
480
150
39
686
724


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019



    
    
    

NET
    SALES
74
335
815
86
467
432

    
    
    

COST
    OF SALES 
 respectively
    from a related party)
61
256
926
70
708
100

    
    
    

GROSS
    PROFIT
13
078
889
15
759
332

    
    
    

OPERATING
    EXPENSES:
    
    

Selling
    and administrative
13
223
207
14
504
707

Officers&rsquo;
    salaries
681
000
714
096

    
13
904
207
15
218
803

    
    
    

(LOSS)
    INCOME FROM OPERATIONS
(825
318
540
529

    
    
    

OTHER
    INCOME (EXPENSE):
    
    

Interest
    income
3
354
11
046

Loss
    from equity method investment
(5
016
(3
769

Other
    income - PPP
634
400
    

Interest
    expense
(185
177
(254
592

    
447
561
(247
315

    
    
    

(LOSS)
    INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARY
(377
757
293
214

    
    
    

(Benefit)
    provision for income taxes
(41
713
29
208

    
    
    

NET
    (LOSS) INCOME BEFORE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST IN SUBSIDIARY
(336
044
264
006

Less:
    Net loss (income) attributable to the non-controlling interest in subsidiary
241
743
(358
604

    
    
    

NET
    (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COFFEE HOLDING CO.
 INC.
(94
301
(94
598

    
    
    

Basic
    and diluted (loss) per share
    
    

    
    
    

Weighted average
    common shares outstanding:
    
    

Basic
    and diluted
5
575
453
5
569
349


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019



    
Common
    Stock
Treasury
    Stock
    
    Paid-in
    
    
    Controlling
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    November 1
 2018
5
569
349
6
494
925
331
(4
633
560
16
104
075
13
404
767
1
108
042
25
989
818

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    Compensation
    
    
    
    
476
899
    
    
476
899

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Controlling
    interest
    
    
    
    
    
    
358
604
358
604

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
(94
598
    
(94
598

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    October 31
 2019
5
569
349
6
494
925
331
(4
633
560
16
580
974
13
310
169
1
466
646
26
730
723

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    Compensation
    
    
    
    
868
477
    
    
868
477

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issuance equity investment
139
250
    
    
    
480
273
    
    
480
413

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Controlling
    Interest
    
    
    
    
    
    
(241
743
(241
743

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
(94
301
    
(94
301

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    October 31
 2020
5
708
599
6
634
925
331
(4
633
560
17
929
724
13
215
868
1
224
903
27
743
569


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019



    
    
    

OPERATING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    

    
    
    

Net
    (loss) income
(336
044
264
006

Adjustments
    to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization
741
503
742
637

Stock-based
    compensation
868
477
476
899

Unrealized
    loss (gain) on commodities
553
356
(123
077

Loss
    on equity method investments
5
016
3
768

Deferred
    rent
    
(48
682

Amortization
    of right to use asset
397
794
    

Deferred
    income taxes
(291
352
(49
938

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
2
012
522
492
870

    
1
738
232
(3
570
119

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
97
380
(8
765

Prepaid
    and refundable income taxes
240
629
(2
728

Accounts
    payable and accrued expenses
(1
307
917
(489
533

Change
    in lease liability
(441
015
    

Deposits
    and other assets
101
905
165
451

Income
    taxes payable
5
271
(1
405

Net
    cash provided by (used in) operating activities
4
385
757
(2
148
616

    
    
    

INVESTING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Distribution
    of funds from deferred compensation plan
(101
905
(154
273

Purchases
    of machinery and equipment
(435
930
(743
410

Net
    cash used in investing activities
(537
835
(897
683

    
    
    

FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES:
    
    

Advances
    under bank line of credit
1
141
132
1
407
726

Principal
    payment on note payable
(4
440
(70
255

Principal
    payments under bank line of credit
(4
512
050
(500
000

Net
    cash (used in) provided by financing activities
(3
375
358
837
471

    
    
    

NET
    INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH
472
564
(2
208
828

    
    
    

CASH
    BEGINNING OF YEAR
2
402
556
4
611
384

    
    
    

CASH
    END OF YEAR
2
875
120
2
402
556


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2020 AND 2019



    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTAL
    DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW DATA:
    
    

Interest
    paid
196
823
254
603

Income
    taxes paid
3
739
83
279

    
    
    

SUPPLEMENTAL
    DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES:
    
    

On
    October 15
 2020 Coffee Holding Company acquired an equity interest in Jordre Well
 LLC in exchange for 139
250 shares:
480
413
    

Initial
    recognition of operating lease right of use asset
2
512
022
    

Initial
    recognition of operating lease liabilities
2
705
484
    

    
    
    

Machinery
    and equipment acquired through financing
26
807
    


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITIES:

Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) conducts wholesale coffee operations
 including manufacturing
 roasting
 packaging
marketing and distributing roasted and blended coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands
 and it sells green coffee.
The Company&rsquo;s core product
 coffee
 can be summarized and divided into three product categories (&ldquo;product lines&rdquo;)
as follows:

Wholesale
 unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop
operators;

Private
 coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to the Company&rsquo;s own specifications and packaged and sold under the Company&rsquo;s
eight proprietary and licensed brand names in different segments of the market.

The
Company&rsquo;s private label and branded coffee sales are primarily to customers that are located throughout the United States
with limited sales in Canada and certain countries in Asia. Such customers include supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and individually-owned
and multi-unit retailers. The Company&rsquo;s unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings
 is
sold primarily to specialty gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia
Canada
 England and China.

The
Company&rsquo;s wholesale green
 private label
 and branded coffee product categories generate revenues and cost of sales individually
but incur selling
 general and administrative expenses in the aggregate. There are no individual product managers and discrete
financial information is not available for any of the product lines. The Company&rsquo;s product portfolio is used in one business
and it operates and competes in one business activity and economic environment. In addition
 the three product lines share customers
manufacturing resources
 sales channels
 and marketing support. Thus
 the Company considers the three product lines to be one
single reporting segment.



The
global outbreak of COVID-19 was declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. government
in March 2020 and has negatively affected the U.S. and global economies
 disrupted global supply chains
 resulted in significant
travel and transport restrictions
 mandated closures and stay-at-home orders
 and created significant disruption of the financial
markets. During the third quarter the Company received an unsecured loan in the amount of $634
400 (the &ldquo;PPP
Loan&rdquo;) under the Paycheck Protection Program (the &ldquo;PPP&rdquo;) which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
and Economic Security Act (&ldquo;the CARES Act&rdquo;). Under the CARES Act
 loan forgiveness is available for the
sum of documented payroll costs
 covered rent payments and covered utilities during the measurement period beginning on the date
of first disbursement of the PPP Loans. For purposes of the CARES Act
 payroll costs exclude compensation of an individual employee
in excess of $100
000
 prorated annually. Not more than 40% of the forgiven amount can be attributable to non-payroll costs.
The receipt of these funds
 and the forgiveness of the loan attendant to these funds
 is dependent on the Company having
initially qualified for the PPP Loans and qualifying for the forgiveness of the PPP Loans based on its future adherence to the
forgiveness criteria.

The
continuing impact on the Company&rsquo;s business including the decrease in our sales
 the length and impact of stay-at-home orders
and/or regional quarantines
 labor shortages and employment trends
 disruptions to supply chains
 including its ability to obtain
products from global suppliers
 higher operating costs
 the form and impact of economic stimulus and general overall economic
instability
 has contributed to and may continue to have a material adverse effect on the Company&rsquo;s business
 results of
operations
 financial condition and cash flows. At this time the full impact could not be determined.

NOTE
                                         2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION:

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&ldquo;OPTCO&rdquo;)
Sonofresco LLC (&ldquo;SONO&rdquo;)
 Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;) and Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;).
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

USE
OF ESTIMATES:

The
preparation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.
Significant estimates include allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and reserves
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
intangible asset valuations and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may
be adjusted as more current information becomes available
 and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts.



Cash
consists primarily of unrestricted cash on deposit at financial institutions and brokerage firms.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE:

Trade
accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts
for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following
factors when determining the collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction history
with the customer
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and
other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&rsquo;s customers
were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&rsquo;s
assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation
allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a
charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable.

The
reserve for sales discounts represents the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances
represents the estimated amount of returns
 slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from
its customers. The allowances are summarized as follows:



    
    
    

Allowance
    for doubtful accounts
65
000
65
000

Reserve
    for other allowances
35
000
35
000

Reserve
    for sales discounts
44
000
44
000

    
    
    

    
144
000
144
000




Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (first in
 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate
with known or estimated exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31
 2020 and 2019.

MACHINERY
AND EQUIPMENT:

Machinery
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Purchases of machinery and equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset are
capitalized at cost. Expenditures which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations
as incurred. The Company also provides for amortization of leasehold improvements.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

COMMODITIES
HELD BY BROKER: 

The
commodities held at broker represent the market value of the Company&rsquo;s trading account
 which consists of option and future
contracts for coffee held with a brokerage firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying
as hedging instruments
 to partially hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures
contracts are recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on
such positions. The Company&rsquo;s accounting for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular
period.

The
Company has open position contracts held by the broker
 which are summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

Option
    contracts
(164
475
(58
856

Future
    contracts
(287
850
159
887

    
    
    

Commodities
    due (to) from broker
(452
325
101
031


The
Company classifies its options and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized holding gains and losses
are included in earnings.

At
October 31
 2020
 the Company held 48 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 1
800
000
pounds of green coffee at a weighted average price of $1.158 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts
was $1.044 per pound at that date.

At
October 31
 2019
 the Company held 124 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 4
650
000
pounds of green coffee at a weighted average price of $.986 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts
was $1.02 per pound at that date.

Included
in cost of sales for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses
respectively
 on these contracts as follows:



    
Year
    Ended October 31


    
    
    

Gross
    realized gains
1
678
995
1
307
816

Gross
    realized (losses)
(1
451
761
(2
642
537

Unrealized
    (losses) gains
(553
356
123
077

    
(326
122
(1
211
644



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

GOODWILL
AND TRADEMARKS:

The
Company has determined that its goodwill and trademarks
 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have
an indefinite useful life. The value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill
and trademarks are not amortized but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least
annually or upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying amount of
goodwill and trademarks is greater than its fair value. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company has determined by using a
qualitative assessment that an impairment did not exist.

CUSTOMER
LIST AND RELATIONSHIPS:

Customer
list and relationships consist of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition
of OPTCO
 Comfort Foods
 Sonofresco and Steep &amp; Brew which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their estimated
useful life of twenty years.



The
Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $149
505 and
$449
678 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

INCOME
TAXES:

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities
to be computed for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result
in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change
during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

EARNINGS
PER SHARE:

Basic
earnings per common share were computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
plus the dilutive effect of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution. The Company has issued 1
000
000
options as of October 31
 2019
 they have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because of their
anti-dilutive value for the years presented in this financial statement.

The
weighted average common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were 5
575
453 and
5
569
349 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

The
carrying amounts of cash
 accounts receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value
because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates
fair value because the debt is based on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities.
Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments
when available. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore
cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.

REVENUE
RECOGNITION:

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by ASU 606 in which the Company evaluates the
transfer of promised goods or services and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services
in an amount that reflects the consideration which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or
services. To determine revenue recognition for the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASU 606
 the
Company performs the following five steps: (1) identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations
in the contract
 (3) determine the transaction price
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 10 for revenue disaggregated
by product line.

PAYCHECK
PROTECTION PROGRAM:

On
July 22
 2020
 the Company received loan proceeds of $634
400 under the Paycheck Protection Program (&ldquo;PPP&rdquo;). The PPP
which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&ldquo;the CARES Act&rdquo;)
 provides for
loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business.
The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
 may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds
for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
 rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as
defined by the PPP. At least 60% of the amount forgiven must be attributable to payroll costs
 as defined by the PPP.

The
PPP loan matures five years from the date of the first disbursement of proceeds to the Company and accrues interest at a fixed
rate of 1%. Payments are deferred for at least the first six months and payable in 54 equal consecutive monthly installments of
principal and interest commencing upon expiration of the deferral period of the PPP loan date.

U.S.
GAAP does not contain authoritative accounting standards for forgivable loans provided by governmental entities to a for-profit
entity. Absent authoritative accounting standards
 interpretative guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement
preparers allows for the selection of accounting policies amongst acceptable alternatives. Based on facts and circumstances outlined
below
 the Company determined it most appropriate to account for the PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by
analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (&ldquo;IAS 20&rdquo;)
 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government
Assistance. Under the provisions of IAS 20
 &ldquo;a


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

forgivable
loan from the government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet the terms
for forgiveness of the loan.&rdquo; IAS 20 does not define &ldquo;reasonable assurance&rdquo;
 however
 based on certain interpretations
it is analogous to &ldquo;probable&rdquo; as defined in FASB ASC 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP
 which is the definition the Company
has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20
 government grants are recognized in earnings on a systematic
basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e. qualified expenses).
Further
 IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either separately under a general heading such as other income
 or as
a reduction of the related expenses. The Company has elected to recognize government grant income separately within other income
to present a more clear distinction in its financial statements between its operating income and the amount of net income resulting
from the PPP loan and subsequent expected forgiveness. The Company believes this presentation method promotes greater comparability
amongst all period presented.

The
following table provided the balance and activity related to the PPP Loan:



PPP
    Loan
634
400

Qualified
    expenses incurred to date
634
400

Unrecognized
    government grant income
    



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

SHIPPING
AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS:

Revenue
earned from shipping and handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating
approximately $2
780
000 and $3
214
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 is included in selling and
administrative expenses.

CONCENTRATION
OF RISK:

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial
institutions and brokerage firms.

Accounts
at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31
 2020
and 2019
 the Company had approximately $816
000 and $1
490
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits
 respectively.

The
accounts at the brokerage firm contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500
000
 with a limit of $100
000 for
cash
 by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $1
421
000
and $706
000 in excess of SIPC insured limits
 respectively.



Certain
amounts in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year&rsquo;s presentation. These
reclassification adjustments had no effect on the Company&rsquo;s previously reported net income.

EQUITY
METHOD OF ACCOUNTING:

Investee
companies that are not consolidated
 but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. Whether or not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation
of several factors including
 among others
 representation on the Investee company&rsquo;s board of directors and ownership level
which is generally a 20% to 50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
an Investee company&rsquo;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated
Statements of Income; however
 the Company&rsquo;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the
caption &ldquo;Loss from equity method investments&rdquo; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&rsquo;s carrying
value in an equity method Investee company is reflected in the caption &ldquo;Equity method investments&rdquo; in the Company&rsquo;s
Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The
Company&rsquo;s investment in a company that is accounted for on the equity method of accounting consist of the following: (1)
20% interest in Healthwise Gourmet Coffees
 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted
to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted to $5
016 and $3
769 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The
net value of this investment as presented on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $80
992 and $86
008
respectively. (2) On October 15
 2020 the Company acquired a 49% interest in Jordre Well LLC
 a company that will produce CBD
infused products. The investment was made in newly issued stock. The Company issued 139
250 shares to be paid at closing. The
price of the stock on October 15
 2020 was $3.45 for a value of $480
413. As of October 31
 2020 there was no activity.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AFFECTING THE COMPANY: 

Effective
November 1
 2019
 the Company adopted ASC Topic 842
 Leases (&ldquo;ASC 842&rdquo;). The new guidance increases transparency by
requiring the recognition of right to use assets and lease liabilities on the statement of financial condition. The recognition
of these lease assets and lease liabilities represents a change from previous US GAAP requirement
 which did not require lease
assets and lease liabilities to be recognized for most operating leases.

The
recognition
 measurement and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease
 have not significantly changed from
previous US GAAP requirements.

On
November 1
 2019
 the effective date of ASC 842
 existing leases of the Company were required to be recognized and measured. Additionally
any leases entered into during the year were also required to recognized and measured. In applying ASC 842
 the Company made an
accounting policy election not to recognize the right of use assets and lease liabilities relating to short-term leases. Implementation
of ASC 842 included an analysis of contracts
 including real estate leases and service contracts to identify embedded leases
to determine the initial recognition of the right to use assets and lease liabilities
 which required subjective assessment over
the determination of the associated discount rates to apply in determining the lease liabilities.

The
new standard provides a number of transition practical expedients
 which the Company has elected
 including:

&#9679;
A &ldquo;package of three&rdquo; expedients that must be taken together and allow entities to (1) not reassess whether existing
contracts contain leases
 (2) carryforward the existing lease classification
 and (3) not reassess initial direct costs associated
with existing leases
 and

&#9679;
An implementation expedient which allows the requirements of the standard in the period of adoption with no restatement of prior
periods.

The
adoption of ASC 842 resulted in the recording of operating lease right of use assets of $2
512
022 and operating lease liabilities
of $2
705
484 at November 1
 2019.

The
Company implemented ASC 842 using the modified retrospective approach. In addition
 at November 1
 2019
 there was no impact to
stockholder&rsquo;s equity upon adoption.

The
Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. The Company&rsquo;s operating lease arrangement are
comprised of real estate and facility leases. Right of use assets represent the Company&rsquo;s right to use the underlying asset
for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company&rsquo;s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease.
Right of use assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments
over the lease term. As the Company&rsquo;s leases do not provide an implicit rate and the implicit rate is not readily determinable
the Company estimates its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the measurement date in determining
the present value of the lease payments. The present value of the lease payments was determined using a 4.75% incremental borrowing
rate. Right of use assets also exclude lease incentives.

The
Company presents the amortization of its right to use assets and payments of related lease liabilities originating in connection
with operating leases as an adjustment to reconcile net income or loss to net cash generated or used in operating activities and
an operating cash outflow
 respectively within the operating section of the statement of cash flows.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
4 - INVENTORIES:

Inventories
at October 31
 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

Packed
    coffee
3
590
709
4
044
279

Green
    coffee
11
390
668
12
515
124

Roaster
    parts
381
617
419
077

Packaging
    supplies
1
739
999
1
862
745

    
17
102
993
18
841
225


NOTE
5 &ndash; EQUITY METHOD INVESTMENT:

On
October 15
 2020
 The Ideation Lab
 LLC (&ldquo;TIL&rdquo;)
 Jordre Well
 LLC (&ldquo;Jordre Well&rdquo;)
 an entity created by
TIL and the Company entered into a Contribution and Equity Purchase Agreement. TIL contributed 100% of its assets to Jordre
Well in exchange for 100 common units. TIL
 immediately following the contribution
 sold 49 common units of Jordre
Well to the Company for up to 278
500 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 payable as follows: (a) 139
250 shares of the
Company&rsquo;s common stock on October 15
 2020 and (b) an additional 139
250 shares of its common stock when Jordre Well generates
$500
000 in revenue from the sale of its newly created brands. This was accounted for as an equity method investment.

NOTE
6 - MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT:

Machinery
and equipment at October 31
 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
Estimated
    
    
    

    
15-30
    years
233
766
228
201

Machinery
    and equipment
7
    years
8
492
395
8
035
223

Furniture
    and fixtures
7
    years
1
082
022
1
082
022

    
    
9
808
183
9
345
446

Less
    accumulated depreciation
    
7
610
864
6
931
913

    
    
2
197
319
2
413
533


Depreciation
expense totaled $678
951 and $680
085 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
7 - LINE OF CREDIT:

On
April 25
 2017 the Company and OPTCO (together with the Company
 collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;)
entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Agreement&rdquo;) and Amended and Restated
Loan Facility (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Facility&rdquo;) with Sterling National Bank (&ldquo;Sterling&rdquo;)
 which consolidated
(i) the financing agreement between the Company and Sterling
 dated February 17
 2009
 as modified
 (the &ldquo;Company Financing
Agreement&rdquo;) and (ii) the financing agreement between Company
 as guarantor
 OPTCO and Sterling
 dated March 10
 2015 (the
&ldquo;OPTCO Financing Agreement&rdquo;)
 amongst other things.

On
March 13
 2020
 the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The
terms of the new agreement
 among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31
 2022 and (ii) decreases the
interest rate per annum to LIBOR plus 1.75% (with such interest rate not to be lower than 3.50%). All other terms of the A7R Loan
Agreement and A&amp;R Loan Facility remain the same.

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and A&amp;R Loan Agreement contains covenants
 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers&rsquo; operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum
deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions
(common stock and preferred stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants
as of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019.

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. Other
than as amended and restated by the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement
remains in full force and effect.

As
of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019
 the outstanding balance under the bank line of credit was $3
796
822 and $7
167
740
respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
8 - INCOME TAXES:

The
Company&rsquo;s (benefit)/provision for income taxes in 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
187
140
10
172

State
    and local
62
499
68
974

    
249
639
79
146

    
    
    

    
(229
355
(45
323

State
    and local
(61
997
(4
615

    
(291
352
(49
938

Income
    tax (benefit)/expense
(41
713
29
208


A
reconciliation of the difference between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&rsquo;s
effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

(Benefit)
    tax
(79
329
61
575

Other
    permanent differences
52
537
(45
107

State
    and local tax
 net of federal
(14
921
12
740

    
    
    

(Benefit)
    provision for income taxes
(41
713
29
208

    
    
    

Effective
    income tax rate
    
    



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
8 - INCOME TAXES (cont&rsquo;d):

The
tax effects of the temporary differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31
 2020 and
2019 are as follows:



    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
36
468
36
802

Unrealized
    loss
140
136
    

Deferred
    rent
36
810
49
442

Deferred
    compensation
70
035
96
720

Net
    operating loss
70
275
82
973

Stock-based
    compensation
340
715
121
880

    
87
736
92
656

    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax asset
782
175
480
473

    
    
    

Deferred
    tax liability:
    
    

Intangible
    assets acquired
484
932
484
932

Unrealized
    gain
    
32
656

Fixed
    assets
397
650
354
644

    
    
    

Total
    deferred tax liabilities
882
582
872
232


A
valuation allowance was not provided at October 31
 2020 or 2019. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those
temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future
taxable income
 and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections
for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be deductible
 management believes
it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax
asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

As
of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company&rsquo;s
practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31
 2020
and 2019
 the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state
tax examinations in progress.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
8 - INCOME TAXES (cont&rsquo;d):

The
Company files a U.S. federal income tax return and California
 Colorado
 Connecticut
 Idaho
 Kansas
 Michigan
 New Jersey
 New
York
 New York City
 Virginia
 Texas
 Rhode Island
 South Carolina
 and Oregon state tax returns. The Company&rsquo;s federal
income tax return is no longer subject to examination by the federal taxing authority for years before fiscal 2017. The Company&rsquo;s
California
 Colorado and New Jersey and Texas income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing
authorities for the years before fiscal 2016. The Company&rsquo;s Oregon
 New York
 Kansas
 South Carolina
 Rhode Island
 Connecticut
and Michigan income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before
fiscal 2017.

On
March 27
 2020 Congress enacted the CARES Act (Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act). The Act provides numerous tax
provisions and other stimulus measures
 including temporary changes regarding prior and future operation losses
 temporary changes
to prior and future limitations on interest deductions
 temporary suspension of certain payment requirements for the employer
portion of Social Security taxes
 technical corrections to prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain qualified improvement
property and enhanced recoverability of AMT tax credits. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the CARES Act
 but
at present does not expect any impact.

As
of October 31
 2020
 and 2019
 the Company had cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $334
642 and $395
111
respectively
 which begin to expire in 2038. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code
 the usage of the Company&rsquo;s
net operating loss carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation of $60
469. These net operating loss carryforwards may be
may be further limited in the event of a change in ownership.

NOTE
9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

CLASS
ACTION COMPLAINT

The
Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern
District of Illinois on or about December 21
 2020. The plaintiffs
 Eileen Brodsky and Rhonda Diamond
 purporting to represent
a class of individuals who purchased coffee products at Aldi
 Inc. (&ldquo;Aldi&rdquo;)
 a supermarket chain
 generally allege
that Aldi sold private label coffee products manufactured by us and by Pan American Coffee Co.
 LLC (&ldquo;Pan American&rdquo;)
which falsely described the number of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. Aldi and Pan American
are also named as defendants in the action. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under New York and California consumer protection
laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary damages
 including disgorgement and restitution
 as well as other forms of relief including
class certification
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 and interest. The Company believes the allegations
in the complaint are wholly without merit and that the claims asserted are legally deficient
 and the company intends to vigorously
defend the action. As of the filing of this Form 10-K
 the Company has not been served with the complaint. Therefore
 the Company
is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit.




A
significant customer of the Company was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District
Court for the District of Massachusetts on or about February 2
 2021
 concerning the labeling on private label coffee productions
we sold to the customer. The plaintiff
 David Cohen
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products
from our customer
 generally allege that the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by the Company which falsely
described the number of cups of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. The Company is not named as a
defendant in the action
 but has agreed to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending the lawsuit
and for any liability the customer may suffer as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts consumer
protection laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory
and injunctive relief
 attorneys&rsquo; fees
 and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without
merit and that the claims asserted are legally deficient
 and intends to vigorously support the customer in defending the action.
As of the filing of this Form 10-K
 the Company is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit.


OPERATING
LEASES:

In
February 2004
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in La Junta City
 Colorado. This lease
 which is
at a monthly rental of $8
341 beginning January 2005
 expires on January 31
 2024. Operating lease costs amounted to $95
504
for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.

In
October 2008
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Staten Island
 NY. This lease
 which is at a
monthly rental beginning November 2008
 expires on October 31
 2023 and includes annual rent increases. Operating lease costs
amounted to $175
640 and $143
171 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Company also
uses a variety of independent
 bonded commercial warehouses to store its green coffee beans.

In
March 2015
 the Company entered into a lease for office space in Vancouver
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning
April 1
 2015
 expired on March 31
 2017. The lease was extended
 effective as of April 1
 2017 and expiring on March 31
 2019.
The lease was extended
 effective as of April 1
 2019 and expiring on March 31
 2021. Operating lease costs amounted to
$41
150 and $39
960 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

In
December 2016
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Burlington
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly
rental beginning December 1
 2017
 expired on December 31
 2018. The lease was extended
 effective January 1
 2019 and expiring
on December 31
 2020. The lease was extended
 effective January 1
 2021 and expiring on December 21
 2021. Operating lease
costs amounted to $32
924 and $47
143 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

In
April 2017
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in North Andover
 MA. This lease
 which is at a monthly
rental beginning April 1
 2017
 expires on May 31
 2028 and includes charges for common areas and utilities. Operating lease
costs amounted to $235
710 and $233
754 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

In
April 2018
 the Company through its joint venture Generations Coffee Company
 LLC entered into a lease for office and warehouse
space in Madison
 WI. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2018
 expires on September 30
 2024 and includes
charges for common areas and utilities. Operating lease costs amounted to $169
244 and $117
149 for the years ended
October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
9 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (cont&rsquo;d):

Operating
lease assets and liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present
value of lease payments not yet paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon
the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments
 initial direct costs
 lease incentives
 and
impairment of operating lease assets. To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid
 we use the Company&rsquo;s
cost of capital based on existing debt instruments. Our material leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease term.
We recognize expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total operating lease costs for the
year ended October 31
 2020 was $750
172
 of which
 $131
730 was included within cost of goods sold and $618
442
was recorded in the selling and administrative expenses. The aggregate cash payments under these leasing agreements was $597
945
for the year ended October 31
 2020.

The
following summarizes the Company&rsquo;s operating leases:



    
October
    31
 2020

    
    

Right-of-use
    operating lease assets
2
114
228

Current
    lease liability
484
163

Non-current
    lease liability
1
780
306

    
    

Average
    remaining lease term
    

Discount
    rate
    


Maturities
of lease liabilities by year for our operating leases are as follows:



    
580
788

    
535
920

    
531
807

    
316
477

    
168
288

    
434
744

Total
    lease payments
2
568
024

Less:
    imputed interest
(303
555

Present
    value of operating lease liabilities
2
264
469


401
(K) RETIREMENT PLAN:

The
Company has a 401(k) Retirement Plan
 which covers all the full time employees who have completed one year of service and have
 birthday. The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first
3% of compensation and 50% of aggregate contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Contributions to the plan aggregated $81
384
and $89
577 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
10 - ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY:

Approximately
23% of the Company&rsquo;s sales were derived from six customers during the year ended October 31
 2020. These customers also
accounted for approximately $2
076
000 or 28% of the Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2020. Approximately
19% of the Company&rsquo;s sales were derived from five customers during the year ended October 31
 2019. These customers also
accounted for approximately $3
109
000 or 33% of the Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2019. Concentration
of credit risk with respect to other trade receivables is limited due to the short payment terms generally extended by the Company
by ongoing credit evaluations of customers
 and by maintaining an allowance for doubtful accounts and other allowances that management
believes will adequately provide for credit losses.

For
the year ended October 31
 2020
 approximately 23% of the Company&rsquo;s purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted
for approximately $468
000 of the Company&rsquo;s accounts payable at October 31
 2020. For the year ended October 31
 2019
 approximately
26% of the Company&rsquo;s purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $1
005
000 of the Company&rsquo;s
accounts payable at October 31
 2019. Management does not believe the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse effect
of the Company&rsquo;s operations due to the availability of many alternate suppliers.

The
following table presents revenues by product line for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    

    
23
912
022
32
849
195

    
50
423
793
53
618
237

    
    
    

    
74
335
815
86
467
432


NOTE
11 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

The
Company has engaged its 40% partner in Generation Coffee Company
 LLC as an outside contractor (the &ldquo;Partner&rdquo;). Included
in contract labor expense
 which is a component of cost of sales
 are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended
October 31
 2020 and 2019 of $380
838 and $401
227
 respectively.

An
employee of one of the top two vendors is a director of the Company. Purchases from that vendor totaled approximately $5
300
000
and $8
300
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this
vendor was approximately $0 and $840
000 at October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

In
January 2005
 the Company established the &ldquo;Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan.&rdquo; Currently
there is only one participant in the plan: Andrew Gordon
 the CEO. Within the plan guidelines
 this employee is deferring a portion
of his current salary and bonus. The deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to an officer of the Company.
The deferred compensation liability at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $276
548 and $378
453
 respectively. Deferred compensation
expenses included in officers&rsquo; salaries were $0 during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
12 - STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY:



    
    
Treasury
    Stock
    under the last-in
 first-out method. The Company did not purchase any shares during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.
    

    
    
    

    
b.
    
Stock
    Options. The Company has an incentive stock plan
 the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the &ldquo;2013 Plan&rdquo;)
 and on
    April 19
 2019
 has granted stock options to employees
 officers and non-employee directors from the 2013 Plan. Options granted
    under the 2013 Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options
 as determined by the Administrator at the
    time of grant. As of January 31
 2020
 the Board of Directors approved 1
000
000 options. 

    
    
    

    
    
During
    the year ended October 31
 2019
 the Company granted stock option awards to five board members to purchase an aggregate 59
000
    shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at $5.43 per share.


The
stock options have an expected term of six years and will vest over a twelve month service period.

The
stock options have an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately $233
050. The Company also granted stock option awards
to certain officers and employees to purchase an aggregate of 941
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at an exercise
price of $5.43 per share. The stock options have an expected term of six years and will vest over a three year service period.
These stock options have an aggregate grant date fair value of approximately $2
277
220.

The
following table represents stock option activity for the year ended October 31
 2020:



    
Stock
    Options
Exercise
    Price
    
    Life
    
    Intrinsic

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    October 31
 2019
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    October 31
 2020
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
Stock
    Options
Exercise
    Price
Contractual
    Life
Aggregate
    Intrinsic

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October
    31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    October 31
 2019
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    


The
Company recorded $868
477 and $476
899 of stock-based compensation during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.

The
unrecognized stock compensation expense as of October 31
 2020 was approximately $1
164
894.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
13 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS:

Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date
 not adjusted for transaction costs. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels giving the highest priority
to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs
(Level 3) as described below:

Level
1 Inputs &ndash; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible by the Company;

Level
2 Inputs &ndash; Quoted prices in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable
either directly or indirectly;

Level
3 Inputs &ndash; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability including significant assumptions of the Company and other market
participants.

The
Company determines fair values for its investment assets as follows:

Investments
at fair value consist of commodity securities and deferred compensation plan assets.

The
Company maintains a deferred compensation plan. The fair value of the plan assets are classified within Level 1 as the assets
are valued using quoted prices in active markets. The assets are included with Deposits and other assets in the accompanying balance
sheets. Additional information related to the Company&rsquo;s deferred compensation plan is disclosed in Note 11.

The
Company&rsquo;s commodity securities are classified within Level 2 and include coffee futures and options contracts. To determine
fair value
 the Company utilizes the market approach valuation technique for the coffee futures and options contracts. The Company
uses Level 2 inputs that are based on market data of similar instruments that are in observable markets. All commodities on the
balance sheet are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value included in earnings.

The
following tables present the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are
categorized using the fair value hierarchy.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2020 AND 2019

NOTE
13 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS (cont&rsquo;d):



    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements as of October 31
 2020

    
    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3

    
    
    
    
    

Money
    market
276
548
276
548
    
    

Total
    Assets
276
548
276
548
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Commodities
    - Futures
(287
850
    
(287
850
    

Commodities
    &ndash; Options
(164
475
    
(164
475
    

Total
    Liabilities
(452
325
    
(452
325
    




    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements as of October 31
 2019

    
    
Level
    1
Level
    2
Level
    3

    
    
    
    
    

Money
    market
378
453
378
453
    
    

Commodities
    &ndash; Futures
159
887
    
159
887
    

Total
    Assets
538
340
378
453
159
887
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Commodities
    &ndash; Options
(58
856
    
(58
856
    

Total
    Liabilities
(58
856
    
(58
856
    


NOTE
14 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:

The
Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based
upon the evaluation
 the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required
further adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.


    













     



Exhibit
4.2

DESCRIPTION
OF CAPITAL STOCK

The
following is a summary of all material characteristics of our capital stock as set forth in our articles of incorporation and
bylaws. The summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of incorporation
and bylaws and applicable provisions of the Nevada Revised Statutes
 as amended (&ldquo;NRS&rdquo;).

Common
Stock

We
are authorized to issue 30
000
000 shares of common stock with a par value of $0.001 per share. As of January 25
 2021
 there
were 5
742
894 shares of common stock issued and outstanding.

The
following summary of the terms of our common stock is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our articles of
incorporation and bylaws
 copies of which are on file with the SEC as exhibits to previous SEC filings.

Voting
Rights

Each
outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders. There are no cumulative
voting rights. Removal of directors requires the vote
 in addition to any vote required by law
 of not less than eighty percent
(80%) of the total votes eligible to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors at a meeting of stockholders expressly called for that purpose. The approval of the holders of at
least eighty percent (80%) of the outstanding shares of voting stock of the Corporation is required in connection with certain
&ldquo;Business Combinations&rdquo; with an Interested Stockholder
 as defined in the NRS
 after the expiration of three years
after the date the person becomes an Interested stockholder
 except in cases where the proposed Business Combination has been
approved in advance by a majority of those members of the board of directors who are unaffiliated with the Interested Stockholder
and who were directors prior to the time when the Interested Stockholder became an Interested Stockholder. Any alteration
 amendment
repeal or rescission of any provision of our articles of incorporation must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of at least eighty percent (80%) of the total votes eligible to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of capital stock
entitled to vote thereon; provided
 however
 if a majority of the board of directors recommends the change
 then such change shall
only require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the total votes eligible to be cast by the holders of all outstanding
shares of Capital Stock entitled to vote thereon. Any bylaw may be altered
 amended
 rescinded
 or repealed by the holders of
eighty percent (80%) of the shares of capital stock entitled to vote thereon at any annual meeting or at any special meeting called
for that purpose. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 any provision of the bylaws that contains a supermajority voting requirement
shall only be altered
 amended
 rescinded
 or repealed by a vote of the board of directors or holders of shares of capital stock
entitled to vote thereon that is not less than the supermajority specified in such provision.



Each
stockholder is entitled to receive the dividends as may be declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for
dividends and
 in the event of liquidation
 to share pro rata in any distribution of our assets after payment of liabilities.
Our board of directors is not obligated to declare a dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our board
of directors and will depend upon
 among other things
 future earnings
 the operating and financial condition of our company
its capital requirements
 general business conditions and other pertinent factors.

Other
Rights

Upon
liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the corporation
 the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all net
assets available for distribution to stockholders after payment to creditors. Our common stock is not convertible or redeemable
and has no preemptive
 subscription or conversion rights. There is no conversion
 redemption
 sinking fund or similar provisions
regarding our common stock.


    
    


Transfer
Agent

The
transfer agent and registrar for our Common Stock is Direct Transfer LLC. Its address is 500 Perimeter Park Drive
 Suite D
 Morrisville
North Carolina 27560 and its telephone number is (919) 481-4000. The transfer agent and registrar for any series or class of preferred
stock will be set forth in the applicable prospectus supplement.

Preferred
Stock

We
are authorized to issue up to 10
000
000 shares of preferred stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 with such designations
 rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly
 our board of directors is empowered
without stockholder approval
 to issue preferred stock with dividend
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting
 or other rights that could
adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. The issuance of preferred stock could have
the effect of restricting dividends on our common stock (if any are declared)
 diluting the voting power of our common stock
impairing the liquidation rights of our common stock
 or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company
 all without
further action by our stockholders. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 no shares of our preferred stock were outstanding.

Stock
Options

We
had issued and outstanding options to purchase up to 1
000
000 shares of common stock
 exercisable at $5.43 per share.

Anti-Takeover
Effects of Certain Provisions of Nevada Law and Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws

Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain a number of provisions that could make our acquisition by means of a tender or exchange
offer
 a proxy contest or otherwise more difficult. Certain of these provisions are summarized below.

Classified
Board of Directors

Pursuant
to our articles of incorporation
 the directors constituting our board of directors are classified
 with respect to the time for
which they severally hold office
 into three classes as nearly equal in number as possible. At each annual meeting of stockholders
the successors of the class of directors whose term expires at that meeting are elected to hold office for a term expiring at
the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. The articles of incorporation
do provide
 however
 that directors may be removed at any time upon the approval of eighty percent (80%) of the total votes eligible
to be cast by the holders of all outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting expressly called by stockholders
for such purpose.

Our
classified board of directors may have an anti-takeover effect of making more difficult and discouraging a takeover attempt
 merger
tender offer
 or proxy fight. Additionally
 our classified board of directors extends the time it would take for holders of a
majority of our shares to remove incumbent management to obtain control of the board of directors. That is
 as a general matter
a majority shareholder could not obtain control of the board of directors until the second annual shareholder&rsquo;s meeting
after it acquired a majority of the voting stock. Our classified board of directors may have the effect of making it more difficult
for stockholders to remove our existing management.

Special
Meetings

Our
articles of incorporation provide that special meetings of our stockholders may
 unless otherwise prescribed by law
 be called
only by resolution of a majority of the directors of the board then in office
 by resolution of a majority of the disinterested
directors then in office
 or upon written application
 by stockholders holding at least 80% of the capital stock entitled to vote
at the meeting. Our stockholders are not permitted to act by written consent pursuant to our articles of incorporation.


    
    


Business
Combinations Act

The
Business Combinations Act
 Sections 78.411 to 78.444 of the NRS
 restricts the ability of a Nevada &ldquo;resident domestic corporation&rdquo;
having at least 200 stockholders of record to engage in any &ldquo;combination&rdquo; with an &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo;
for two (2) years after the date that the person first became an interested stockholder
 unless the combination meets all of the
requirements of the articles of incorporation of the resident domestic corporation and (i) the purchase of shares by the interested
stockholder is approved by the board of directors before that date or (ii) the combination is approved by the board of directors
of the resident domestic corporation and
 at or after that time
 the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of
the stockholders of the resident domestic corporation
 and not by written consent
 by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock
representing at least sixty percent (60%) of the outstanding voting power of the resident domestic corporation not beneficially
owned by the interested stockholder or the affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder.

If
this approval is not obtained
 then after the expiration of the two (2) year period
 the business combination may still not be
consummated unless it is a combination meeting all of the requirements of the articles of incorporation of the resident domestic
corporation and either the &ldquo;fair price&rdquo; requirements specified in NRS 78.441 to 78.444
 inclusive are satisfied or
the combination is (a) a combination or transaction by which the person first became an interested stockholder is approved by
the board of directors of the resident domestic corporation before the person first became an interested stockholder
 or (b) a
combination approved by a majority of the outstanding voting power of the resident domestic corporation not beneficially owned
by the interested stockholder
 or any affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder.

&ldquo;Interested
stockholder&rdquo; means any person
 other than the resident domestic corporation or its subsidiaries
 who is (a) the beneficial
owner
 directly or indirectly
 of 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares of the resident domestic corporation
or (b) an affiliate or associate of the resident domestic corporation and at any time within two years immediately before the
date in question was the beneficial owner
 directly or indirectly
 of 10% or more of the voting power of the then outstanding
shares of the resident domestic corporation.

A
&ldquo;combination&rdquo; is broadly defined and includes
 for example
 any merger or consolidation of a corporation or any of
its subsidiaries with (i) an interested stockholder or (ii) any other entity that after and as a result of the merger or consolidation
would be an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder; or any sale
 lease
 exchange
 pledge
 transfer or other disposition
of assets of the corporation
 in one transaction or a series of transactions
 to or with an interested stockholder having: (x)
an aggregate market value equal to more than 5% of the aggregate market value of the assets of a corporation
 (y) an aggregate
market value equal to more than 5% of the aggregate market value of all outstanding voting shares of a corporation
 or (z) representing
more than 10% of the earning power or net income of a corporation.

The
provisions of Nevada law
 our articles of incorporation and our bylaws could have the effect of discouraging others from attempting
hostile takeovers and
 as a consequence
 they may also inhibit temporary fluctuations in the market price of our common stock
that often result from actual or rumored hostile takeover attempts. These provisions may also have the effect of preventing changes
in our management. It is possible that these provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish transactions that stockholders
may otherwise deem to be in their best interests.

Limitations
of Director Liability and Indemnification of Directors
 Officers and Employees

Neither
our articles of incorporation nor bylaws prevent us from indemnifying our officers
 directors and agents to the extent permitted
under the NRS. NRS Section 78.7502
 provides that a corporation shall indemnify any director
 officer
 employee or agent of a
corporation against expenses
 including attorneys&rsquo; fees
 actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with any
defense to the extent that a director
 officer
 employee or agent of a corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise
in defense of any action
 suit or proceeding referred to Section 78.7502(1) or 78.7502(2)
 or in defense of any claim
 issue or
matter therein. NRS 78.7502(1) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened
 pending or completed action
 suit or proceeding
 whether civil
 criminal
 administrative or
investigative
 except an action by or in the right of the corporation
 by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
employee or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee
or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust or other enterprise
 against expenses
 including attorneys&rsquo;
fees
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the action
 suit
or proceeding if he: (a) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or (b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably
believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
 and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful.

NRS
Section 78.7502(2) provides that a corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party
to any threatened
 pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor
by reason of the fact that he is or was a director
 officer
 employee or agent of the corporation
 or is or was serving at the
request of the corporation as a director
 officer
 employee or agent of another corporation
 partnership
 joint venture
 trust
or other enterprise against expenses
 including amounts paid in settlement and attorneys&rsquo; fees actually and reasonably incurred
by him in connection with the defense or settlement of the action or suit if he: (a) is not liable pursuant to NRS 78.138; or
(b) acted in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation.


    













     



EXHIBIT
21.1

COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC.

Significant
Subsidiaries



Name
    of Entity
    
    

    
    
    

Organic
    Products Trading Company
 LLC
    
United
    States
 Washington



    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1

Certification
of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

I
Andrew Gordon
 certify that:



1.
    
I
    have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended October 31
 2020 of Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.;

    
    

2.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    

3.
    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    

4.
    
I
    am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
    and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for
    the registrant and have:

    
    

    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    me by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    

    
Designed
    such internal controls over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    my supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    

    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    

    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting; and

    
    

5.
    
I
    have disclosed
 based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    

    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    

    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    February 16
 2021
/s/
    Andrew Gordon

    
Andrew
    Gordon

    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 Chief Accounting Officer)



    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

Statement
Furnished Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350

The
undersigned
 Andrew Gordon
 is the President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;).

This
statement is being furnished in connection with the filing by the Company of the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the period ended October 31
 2020 (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;).

By
execution of this statement
 I certify that:



    
A)
    
the
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a)
    or 78o(d)); and

    
    
    

    
B)
    
the
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company as of the dates and for the periods covered by the Report.


This
statement is authorized to be attached as an exhibit to the Report so that this statement will accompany the Report at such time
as the Report is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
18 U.S.C. Section 1350. It is not intended that this statement be deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
 as amended.

A
signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and will be retained
by Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.



Date:
    February 16
 2021
/s/
    Andrew Gordon

    
Andrew
    Gordon

    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer

    
(Principal
    Executive Officer
 Principal Financial Officer
 Chief Accounting Officer)



    






















        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    




    

    







    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


114


780








568


264




000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;35

000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;44





590

044

390
668&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
515

617&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;419

739
999&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
862

102

841










 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively


678

307

451

642




211



912

849

423
793&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;53
618

335

467



 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000


000

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000

    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


590

044

390
668&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;12
515

617&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;419

739
999&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
862

102

841


 2020. These customers also accounted for approximately&#13;$2
076
000 or 28% of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2020. Approximately 19% of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;sales were derived from five customers during the year ended October 31
 2019. These customers also accounted for approximately&#13;$3
109
000 or 33% of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2019. Concentration of credit risk with respect&#13;to other trade receivables is limited due to the short payment terms generally extended by the Company
 by ongoing credit evaluations&#13;of customers

 2020
&#13;approximately 23% of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $468
000 of&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts payable at October 31
 2020. For the year ended October 31
 2019
 approximately 26% of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $1
005
000 of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts payable at&#13;October 31


912

849

423
793&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;53
618

335

467


 LLC as an outside contractor (the &amp;#8220;Partner&amp;#8221;). Included in contract labor expense
 which&#13;is a component of cost of sales
 are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019 of $380
838&#13;and $401
227

300
000 and $8
300
000 for the years&#13;ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this vendor was approximately $0 and&#13;$840
000 at October 31
 2020 and 2019

 the Company established&#13;the &amp;#8220;Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan.&amp;#8221; Currently
 there is only one participant in&#13;the plan: Andrew Gordon
 the CEO. Within the plan guidelines
 this employee is deferring a portion of his current salary and bonus.&#13;The deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to an officer of the Company. The deferred compensation liability&#13;at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $276
548 and $378
453
 respectively. Deferred compensation expenses included in officers&amp;#8217;&#13;salaries were $0 during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019


 first-out method. The Company did not purchase any shares during the years ended October 31

 the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the &amp;#8220;2013 Plan&amp;#8221;)
 and on April 19
 2019
 has granted stock options to employees
 officers and non-employee directors from the 2013 Plan. Options granted under the 2013 Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options
 as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant. As of January 31
 2020
 the Board of Directors approved 1
000
000 options. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;During the year ended October 31
 2019
 the Company granted stock option awards to five board members to purchase an aggregate 59

050. The Company also granted stock option awards to certain officers and employees&#13;to purchase an aggregate of 941
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $5.43 per share. The stock&#13;options have an expected term of six years and will vest over a three year service period. These stock options have an aggregate&#13;grant date fair value of approximately $2
277


 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 6%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000


000

 2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
000

477 and&#13;$476
899 of stock-based compensation during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020 was approximately $1
164



    

 2017 the Company and&#13;OPTCO (together with the Company
 collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#8220;Borrowers&amp;#8221;) entered into an Amended and Restated&#13;Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) and Amended and Restated Loan Facility (the &amp;#8220;A&amp;#38;R&#13;Loan Facility&amp;#8221;) with Sterling National Bank (&amp;#8220;Sterling&amp;#8221;)
 which consolidated (i) the financing agreement between&#13;the Company and Sterling
 dated February 17
 2009
 as modified
 (the &amp;#8220;Company Financing Agreement&amp;#8221;) and (ii) the financing&#13;agreement between Company
 as guarantor
 OPTCO and Sterling
 dated March 10
 2015 (the &amp;#8220;OPTCO Financing Agreement&amp;#8221;)

 2020
 the Company reached&#13;an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the new agreement
 among other&#13;things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31

 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions on the Borrowers&amp;#8217;&#13;operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum deposit restrictions
&#13;tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions (common stock and preferred&#13;stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of October 31
 2020&#13;and October 31


 2020 and October&#13;31
 2019
 the outstanding balance under the bank line of credit was $3
796
822 and $7
167
740


 the Company performs the following five steps: (1)&#13;identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3) determine the transaction&#13;price

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

 2019
 the Company&#13;adopted ASC Topic 842
 Leases (&amp;#8220;ASC 842&amp;#8221;). The new guidance increases transparency by requiring the recognition of&#13;right to use assets and lease liabilities on the statement of financial condition. The recognition of these lease assets and lease&#13;liabilities represents a change from previous US GAAP requirement

 measurement and&#13;presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease

 2019
 the effective&#13;date of ASC 842
 existing leases of the Company were required to be recognized and measured. Additionally any leases entered into&#13;during the year were also required to recognized and measured. In applying ASC 842
 the Company made an accounting policy election&#13;not to recognize the right of use assets and lease liabilities relating to short-term leases. Implementation of ASC 842 included&#13;an analysis of contracts
 including real estate leases and service contracts to identify embedded leases
 to determine the initial&#13;recognition of the right to use assets and lease liabilities

 which the Company has elected

 (2) carryforward the existing lease classification
 and (3) not reassess initial direct costs associated with existing&#13;leases

512
022 and operating lease liabilities of $2
705
484 at November&#13;1

 at November 1
 2019







492
395&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
035

082
022&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
082
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;9
808
183&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
345
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Less
 accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;7
610
864&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
931

197

413

951&#13;and $680
085 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019






548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;276










453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;378

887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159








    
    


    
    


    

    

    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    

    

    

    

    

    

    

    



    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business.  The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
 may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
 rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP.  At least 60% of the amount forgiven must be attributable to payroll costs

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 intangible asset valuations&#13;and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may be adjusted as more current&#13;information becomes available

    

 past transaction history with the customer
 current economic&#13;industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed&#13;individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#8217;s customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting&#13;their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&amp;#8217;s assessment




000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;35

000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;44




 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate with known or estimated&#13;exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31

    

 which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage&#13;firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments









 2020
 the Company&#13;held 48 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 1
800

 2019
 the Company&#13;held 124 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 4
650

 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively


678

307

451

642




211


 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have an indefinite useful life. The&#13;value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized&#13;but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence&#13;of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount of goodwill and trademarks is greater&#13;than its fair value. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019


 Comfort Foods


505 and $449
678 for the years ended&#13;October 31
 2020 and 2019

    

 accounts&#13;receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of&#13;these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates fair value because the debt is based&#13;on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a&#13;specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are&#13;subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore


 2020 and 2019
 the Company had&#13;approximately $816
000 and $1
490
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits

000
 with a limit of $100
000 for cash
 by the Securities Investor&#13;Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $1
421
000 and $706
000 in excess of&#13;SIPC insured limits

    

&#13;but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or&#13;not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including
&#13;among others
 representation on the Investee company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and ownership level
 which is generally a 20% to&#13;50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee company&amp;#8217;s&#13;accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however

 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted&#13;to $5
016 and $3
769 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The net value of this investment as presented&#13;on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $80
992 and $86
008
 respectively. (2) On October 15
 2020 the&#13;Company acquired a 49% interest in Jordre Well LLC
 a company that will produce CBD infused products. The investment was made in&#13;newly issued stock. The Company issued 139
250 shares to be paid at closing. The price of the stock on October 15
 2020 was $3.45&#13;for a value of $480
413. As of October 31








492
395&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;8
035

082
022&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
082
022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;9
808
183&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
345
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Less
 accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;7
610
864&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;6
931

197

413




499&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;68
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;249
639&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;79














810&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;49

035&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;96

275&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;82

715&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;121

736&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;92



932&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;484








548&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;276










453&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;378

887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;159









780
000&#13;and $3
214
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively


 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)&#13;conducts wholesale coffee operations
 including manufacturing
 roasting
 packaging
 marketing and distributing roasted and blended&#13;coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands
 and it sells green coffee. The Company&amp;#8217;s core product
 coffee

 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others

 wholesalers
 and individually-owned and multi-unit retailers.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings
 is sold primarily to specialty&#13;gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia
 Canada

&#13;private label
 and branded coffee product categories generate revenues and cost of sales individually but incur selling
 general&#13;and administrative expenses in the aggregate. There are no individual product managers and discrete financial information is not&#13;available for any of the product lines. The Company&amp;#8217;s product portfolio is used in one business and it operates and competes&#13;in one business activity and economic environment. In addition
 the three product lines share customers
 manufacturing resources
&#13;sales channels
 and marketing support. Thus

 disrupted global supply chains
 resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions
&#13;mandated closures and stay-at-home orders
 and created significant disruption of the financial markets. During the third quarter&#13;the Company received an unsecured loan in the amount of $634
400 (the &amp;#8220;PPP Loan&amp;#8221;) under the Paycheck Protection Program&#13;(the &amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;) which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;the CARES Act&amp;#8221;).&#13;Under the CARES Act
 loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs
 covered rent payments and covered utilities&#13;during the measurement period beginning on the date of first disbursement of the PPP Loans. For purposes of the CARES Act
 payroll&#13;costs exclude compensation of an individual employee in excess of $100
000
 prorated annually. Not more than 40% of the forgiven&#13;amount can be attributable to non-payroll costs. The receipt of these funds
 and the forgiveness of the loan attendant to these&#13;funds

 the length and impact of stay-at-home orders and/or regional quarantines
 labor shortages&#13;and employment trends
 disruptions to supply chains
 including its ability to obtain products from global suppliers
 higher operating&#13;costs
 the form and impact of economic stimulus and general overall economic instability
 has contributed to and may continue to&#13;have a material adverse effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s business
 results of operations


 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&amp;#8220;OPTCO&amp;#8221;)
 Sonofresco LLC (&amp;#8220;SONO&amp;#8221;)
&#13;Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;CFI&amp;#8221;) and Generations Coffee Company

 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 intangible asset valuations&#13;and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may be adjusted as more current&#13;information becomes available

 past transaction history with the customer
 current economic&#13;industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed&#13;individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#8217;s customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting&#13;their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&amp;#8217;s assessment


000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for other allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;35
000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for sales discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;44
000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;144
000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144

 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate with known or estimated&#13;exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31

 which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage&#13;firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments


475&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(58
856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(287
850&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;159
887&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities due (to) from broker&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(452
325&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;101


 2020
 the Company&#13;held 48 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 1
800

 2019
 the Company&#13;held 124 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 4
650

 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2020&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross realized gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1
678
995&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
307
816&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross realized (losses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(1
451
761&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(2
642
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized (losses) gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(553
356&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;123
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(326
122&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
211

 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have an indefinite useful life. The&#13;value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized&#13;but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence&#13;of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount of goodwill and trademarks is greater&#13;than its fair value. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019

 Comfort Foods

505 and $449
678 for the years ended&#13;October 31
 2020 and 2019

000
000 options as of October&#13;31
 2019

575
453 and 5
569
349 for the years ended October&#13;31
 2020 and 2019

 accounts&#13;receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of&#13;these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates fair value because the debt is based&#13;on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a&#13;specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are&#13;subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore

 the Company performs the following five steps: (1)&#13;identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3) determine the transaction&#13;price

 2020
 the Company received&#13;loan proceeds of $634
400 under the Paycheck Protection Program (&amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;). The PPP
 which was established under the Coronavirus&#13;Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;the CARES Act&amp;#8221;)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up&#13;to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
&#13;may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
&#13;rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP. At least 60% of the amount forgiven&#13;must be attributable to payroll costs

 interpretative guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement preparers allows for the selection of accounting&#13;policies amongst acceptable alternatives. Based on facts and circumstances outlined below
 the Company determined it most appropriate&#13;to account for the PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (&amp;#8220;IAS&#13;20&amp;#8221;)
 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Under the provisions of IAS 20
 &amp;#8220;a&#13;forgivable loan from the government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet&#13;the terms for forgiveness of the loan.&amp;#8221; IAS 20 does not define &amp;#8220;reasonable assurance&amp;#8221;
 however
 based on certain&#13;interpretations
 it is analogous to &amp;#8220;probable&amp;#8221; as defined in FASB ASC 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP
 which is the definition&#13;the Company has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20
 government grants are recognized in earnings&#13;on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e.&#13;qualified expenses). Further
 IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either separately under a general heading such as&#13;other income

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Qualified expenses incurred to date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;634

780
000&#13;and $3
214
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

 2020 and 2019
 the Company had&#13;approximately $816
000 and $1
490
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits

000
 with a limit of $100
000 for cash
 by the Securities Investor&#13;Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $1
421
000 and $706
000 in excess of&#13;SIPC insured limits

&#13;but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or&#13;not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including
&#13;among others
 representation on the Investee company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and ownership level
 which is generally a 20% to&#13;50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee company&amp;#8217;s&#13;accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however

 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted&#13;to $5
016 and $3
769 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The net value of this investment as presented&#13;on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $80
992 and $86
008
 respectively. (2) On October 15
 2020 the&#13;Company acquired a 49% interest in Jordre Well LLC
 a company that will produce CBD infused products. The investment was made in&#13;newly issued stock. The Company issued 139
250 shares to be paid at closing. The price of the stock on October 15
 2020 was $3.45&#13;for a value of $480
413. As of October 31


 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&amp;#8220;OPTCO&amp;#8221;)
 Sonofresco LLC (&amp;#8220;SONO&amp;#8221;)
&#13;Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;CFI&amp;#8221;) and Generations Coffee Company


000
000 options as of October&#13;31
 2019

575
453 and 5
569
349 for the years ended October&#13;31
 2020 and 2019


 2020
 the Company received&#13;loan proceeds of $634
400 under the Paycheck Protection Program (&amp;#8220;PPP&amp;#8221;). The PPP
 which was established under the Coronavirus&#13;Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&amp;#8220;the CARES Act&amp;#8221;)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up&#13;to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
&#13;may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
&#13;rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP. At least 60% of the amount forgiven&#13;must be attributable to payroll costs

 interpretative guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement preparers allows for the selection of accounting&#13;policies amongst acceptable alternatives. Based on facts and circumstances outlined below
 the Company determined it most appropriate&#13;to account for the PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (&amp;#8220;IAS&#13;20&amp;#8221;)
 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Under the provisions of IAS 20
 &amp;#8220;a&#13;forgivable loan from the government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet&#13;the terms for forgiveness of the loan.&amp;#8221; IAS 20 does not define &amp;#8220;reasonable assurance&amp;#8221;
 however
 based on certain&#13;interpretations
 it is analogous to &amp;#8220;probable&amp;#8221; as defined in FASB ASC 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP
 which is the definition&#13;the Company has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20
 government grants are recognized in earnings&#13;on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e.&#13;qualified expenses). Further
 IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either separately under a general heading such as&#13;other income

400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Qualified expenses incurred to date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;634


 2020
 The Ideation&#13;Lab
 LLC (&amp;#8220;TIL&amp;#8221;)
 Jordre Well
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Jordre Well&amp;#8221;)
 an entity created by TIL and the Company entered into&#13;a Contribution and Equity Purchase Agreement. TIL contributed 100% of its assets to Jordre Well in exchange for 100 common units.&#13;TIL
 immediately following the contribution
 sold 49 common units of Jordre Well to the Company for up to 278
500 shares of the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 payable as follows: (a) 139
250 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on October 15
 2020 and&#13;(b) an additional 139
250 shares of its common stock when Jordre Well generates $500


140&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;62
499&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;249
639&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;79
146&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(229
355&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
323&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(61
997&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(4
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(291
352&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(49
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax (benefit)/expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(41
713&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29

329&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;52
537&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax
 net of federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14
921&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Benefit) provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(41
713&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29


468&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;140
136&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;36
810&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;49
442&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;70
035&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96
720&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;70
275&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;82
973&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Stock-based compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;340
715&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;121
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;87
736&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;782
175&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;480
473&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liability:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;484
932&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;484
932&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;32
656&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;397
650&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;354
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;882
582&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;872

 2020 or 2019. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely&#13;than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets&#13;is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.&#13;Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning strategies&#13;in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the&#13;periods in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be deductible
 management believes it is more likely than not the Company&#13;will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however

 2020 and 2019
&#13;the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company&amp;#8217;s practice is to recognize interest&#13;and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019

 Colorado
 Connecticut
 Idaho
 Kansas
 Michigan
 New Jersey
 New York
 New York City
 Virginia
&#13;Texas
 Rhode Island
 South Carolina
 and Oregon state tax returns. The Company&amp;#8217;s federal income tax return is no longer subject&#13;to examination by the federal taxing authority for years before fiscal 2017. The Company&amp;#8217;s California
 Colorado and New Jersey&#13;and Texas income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal&#13;2016. The Company&amp;#8217;s Oregon
 New York
 Kansas
 South Carolina
 Rhode Island

 2020 Congress enacted&#13;the CARES Act (Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act). The Act provides numerous tax provisions and other stimulus&#13;measures
 including temporary changes regarding prior and future operation losses
 temporary changes to prior and future limitations&#13;on interest deductions
 temporary suspension of certain payment requirements for the employer portion of Social Security taxes
&#13;technical corrections to prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain qualified improvement property and enhanced recoverability&#13;of AMT tax credits. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the CARES Act

 2020
 and 2019
&#13;the Company had cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $334
642 and $395
111 respectively
 which begin to&#13;expire in 2038. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code
 the usage of the Company&amp;#8217;s net operating loss&#13;carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation of $60


329&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;61
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;52
537&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
107&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax
 net of federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(14
921&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
740&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(Benefit) provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(41
713&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29


 2020. The plaintiffs
 Eileen Brodsky and Rhonda Diamond
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased&#13;coffee products at Aldi
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Aldi&amp;#8221;)
 a supermarket chain
 generally allege that Aldi sold private label coffee products&#13;manufactured by us and by Pan American Coffee Co.
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Pan American&amp;#8221;)
 which falsely described the number of cups&#13;of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. Aldi and Pan American are also named as defendants in the action.&#13;The complaint asserts a variety of claims under New York and California consumer protection laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary&#13;damages
 including disgorgement and restitution
 as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory and&#13;injunctive relief
 attorneys&amp;#8217; fees
 and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without&#13;merit and that the claims asserted are legally deficient
 and the company intends to vigorously defend the action. As of the filing&#13;of this Form 10-K
 the Company has not been served with the complaint. Therefore

 2021
 concerning the labeling on private label coffee productions we sold to the customer. The plaintiff
&#13;David Cohen
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products from our customer
 generally allege that&#13;the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by the Company which falsely described the number of cups of coffee&#13;that could be made from the amount of product purchased. The Company is not named as a defendant in the action
 but has agreed&#13;to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending the lawsuit and for any liability the customer may suffer&#13;as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts consumer protection laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary&#13;damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 attorneys&amp;#8217; fees
&#13;and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without merit and that the claims asserted are legally&#13;deficient
 and intends to vigorously support the customer in defending the action. As of the filing of this Form 10-K

 the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in La Junta City
 Colorado. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental of $8
341 beginning&#13;January 2005
 expires on January 31
 2024. Operating lease costs amounted to $95
504 for the years ended October 31

 the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in Staten Island
 NY. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning November 2008
&#13;expires on October 31
 2023 and includes annual rent increases. Operating lease costs amounted to $175
640 and $143
171 for the&#13;years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Company also uses a variety of independent

 the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office space in Vancouver
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2015
 expired on March&#13;31
 2017. The lease was extended
 effective as of April 1
 2017 and expiring on March 31
 2019. The lease was extended
 effective&#13;as of April 1
 2019 and expiring on March 31
 2021. Operating lease costs amounted to $41
150 and $39
960 for the years ended October&#13;31
 2020 and 2019

 the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in Burlington
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning December 1
 2017
&#13;expired on December 31
 2018. The lease was extended
 effective January 1
 2019 and expiring on December 31
 2020. The lease was&#13;extended
 effective January 1
 2021 and expiring on December 21
 2021. Operating lease costs amounted to $32
924 and $47
143 for&#13;the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019

 the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in North Andover
 MA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2017
&#13;expires on May 31
 2028 and includes charges for common areas and utilities. Operating lease costs amounted to $235
710 and $233
754&#13;for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019

 the Company through&#13;its joint venture Generations Coffee Company
 LLC entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Madison
 WI. This lease
&#13;which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2018
 expires on September 30
 2024 and includes charges for common areas and utilities.&#13;Operating lease costs amounted to $169
244 and $117
149 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019

 initial direct costs
 lease incentives
 and impairment of operating lease assets.&#13;To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid
 we use the Company&amp;#8217;s cost of capital based on existing debt&#13;instruments. Our material leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease term. We recognize expense for these leases&#13;on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total operating lease costs for the year ended October 31
 2020 was $750
172
 of&#13;which
 $131
730 was included within cost of goods sold and $618
442 was recorded in the selling and administrative expenses. The&#13;aggregate cash payments under these leasing agreements was $597
945 for the year ended October 31

 2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 77%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Right-of-use operating lease assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 20%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
114
228&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;484
163&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-current lease liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
780

788&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;535
920&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;531
807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;316
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2025&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;168
288&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;434
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
568
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: imputed interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(303
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of operating lease liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
264

 which covers all the full time employees who have completed one year of service and have reached their 21&lt;sup&gt;st&lt;/sup&gt; birthday.&#13;The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first 3% of compensation and 50% of aggregate&#13;contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Contributions to the plan aggregated $81
384 and $89
577 for the years ended October&#13;31
 2020 and 2019






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      






      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      







 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      



 net of allowances of $144



      


      


      


      


      



 at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation of $7
610
864 and $6
931
913 for 2020 and 2019




 net of accumulated amortization of $194
379 and $151
627 for 2020 and 2019



      



 net of accumulated amortization of $49
500 and $29
700 for 2020 and 2019



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      







 par value $.001 per share; 10
000




 par value $.001 per share; 30
000
000 shares authorized
 6
633
930 and 6
494
680 shares issued for 2020 and 2019; 5
708
599 and 5
569



      


      



 925
331 common shares







      


      


      


      


      










































      


      



 respectively



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      





      

      

      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      









      


      


      


      



 2020 Coffee Holding Company acquired an equity interest in Jordre Well
 LLC in exchange for 139



      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      




      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 options



      


      


      


      


      


      


      






































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      



 Inc.
 Steep &amp;amp;amp; Brew


      










      


      

      


      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      




      

      


      




      

      

      


      


      

      

      


      

      


      

      




      

      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


 options
 outstanding


      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales





      




      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 Plant


      

      

      

      


 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents


      

      








 Plant and Equipment








      

      

      








 Operating Lease
 Liability



 Operating Lease
 Liability






 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding



 Options
 Exercisable



 Options
 Outstanding































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Oct. 31
 2020
Jan. 20
 2021
Apr. 30
 2020








































  2020







































































































910
209



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



708
599


















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











875
120


402
556



Accounts receivable
 net of allowances of $144
000 for 2020 and 2019

408
905


421
427





102
993


841
225







031





246


626





305


934





022
569


739
799



Machinery and equipment
 at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation of $7
610
864 and $6
931
913 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively

197
319


413
533



Customer list and relationships
 net of accumulated amortization of $194
379 and $151
627 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively

621


373





488
000


488
000



Non-compete
 net of accumulated amortization of $49
500 and $29
700 for 2020 and 2019
 respectively

500


300





488
785


488
785





405


008





175


473





114
228







548


453





480
150


686
724












036
097


344
015







167
740





325







075







163







371







983
031


511
855





582


232





796
822









461





780
306







292







548


453





736
581


956
001










Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. stockholders' equity:






Preferred stock
 par value $.001 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized; none issued






Common stock
 par value $.001 per share; 30
000
000 shares authorized
 6
633
930 and 6
494
680 shares issued for 2020 and 2019; 5
708
599 and 5
569
349 shares outstanding for 2020 and 2019

634


494





929
724


580
974





215
868


310
169



Less: Treasury stock
 925
331 common shares
 at cost for 2020 and 2019

633
560)


633
560)



Total Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Stockholders' Equity

518
666


264
077





224
903


466
646





743
569


730
723





480
150


686
724




































Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and due within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer)
 including liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received
 taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities
 accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the liabilities for all deferred compensation arrangements payable beyond one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.

























































For a classified balance sheet
 the cumulative difference between the rental income or payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis
 or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property
 expected to be recognized in income or expense
 by the lessor or lessee
 respectively
 more than one year after the balance sheet date.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.

























































Carrying amount (original costs adjusted for previously recognized amortization and impairment) as of the balance sheet date for the rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name
 symbol or other device or style for a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current portion of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











000


000





610
864


931
913



Customer list and relationships
 accumulated amortization

379


627



Non-compete
 accumulated amortization

500


700



Preferred stock
 par value






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

633
930


494
680



Common stock
 shares outstanding

708
599


569
349



Treasury stock
 shares

331


331







Non-compete
 accumulated amortization.




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











335
815


467
432



COST OF SALES (which includes purchases of approximately $5.3 million and $8.3 million in fiscal years 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 from a related party)

256
926


708
100





078
889


759
332












223
207


504
707





000


096





904
207


218
803





318)


529












354


046





016)


769)





400







177)


592)





561


315)





757)


214





713)


208





044)


006





743


604)



NET (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO COFFEE HOLDING CO.
 INC.

301)


598)



















575
453


569
349






























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.












































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
























































Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by officer. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.





















































































Amount of income related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











300
000


300
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Beginning balance at Oct. 31
 2018

494


633
560)


104
075


404
767


108
042


989
818



Beginning balance
 shares at Oct. 31
 2018

569
349


331

















899






899













604


604











598)




598)



Ending balance at Oct. 31
 2019

494


633
560)


580
974


310
169


466
646


730
723



Ending balance
 shares at Oct. 31
 2019

569
349


331

















477






477









273






413



Stock issuance equity investment
 shares

250























743)


743)











301)




301)



Ending balance at Oct. 31
 2020

634


633
560)


929
724


215
868


224
903


743
569



Ending balance
 shares at Oct. 31
 2020

708
599


331









































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.



















































































































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











044)


006












503


637





477


899





356


077)





016


769







682)





794







352)


938)












012
522


870





738
232


570
119)





380


765)





629


728)





307
917)


533)





015)







905


451





271


405)





385
757


148
616)












905)


273)





930)


410)





835)


683)












141
132


407
726





440)


255)





512
050)


000)





375
358)


471





564


208
828)



CASH
 BEGINNING OF YEAR

402
556


611
384



CASH
 END OF YEAR

875
120


402
556












823


603





739


279










On October 15
 2020 Coffee Holding Company acquired an equity interest in Jordre Well
 LLC in exchange for 139
250 shares:

413







512
022







705
484







807













































































































































































































































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

















































































































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


















































































































The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of open agreements to purchase or sell mineral resources
 energy
 and agricultural products at some future point held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Jordre Well
 LLC [Member]






250












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]








 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
conducts wholesale coffee operations
 including manufacturing
 roasting
 packaging
 marketing and distributing roasted and blended
coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands
 and it sells green coffee. The Company&#8217;s core product
 coffee
 can
be summarized and divided into three product categories (&#8220;product lines&#8221;) as follows:


unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop operators;


coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets that want to have
their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

 coffee
roasted and blended to the Company&#8217;s own specifications and packaged and sold under the Company&#8217;s eight proprietary
and licensed brand names in different segments of the market.


and branded coffee sales are primarily to customers that are located throughout the United States with limited sales in Canada
and certain countries in Asia. Such customers include supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and individually-owned and multi-unit retailers.
The Company&#8217;s unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings
 is sold primarily to specialty
gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia
 Canada
 England and China.


private label
 and branded coffee product categories generate revenues and cost of sales individually but incur selling
 general
and administrative expenses in the aggregate. There are no individual product managers and discrete financial information is not
available for any of the product lines. The Company&#8217;s product portfolio is used in one business and it operates and competes
in one business activity and economic environment. In addition
 the three product lines share customers
 manufacturing resources
sales channels
 and marketing support. Thus
 the Company considers the three product lines to be one single reporting segment.




declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization and a national emergency by the U.S. government in March 2020 and has negatively
affected the U.S. and global economies
 disrupted global supply chains
 resulted in significant travel and transport restrictions
mandated closures and stay-at-home orders
 and created significant disruption of the financial markets. During the third quarter
the Company received an unsecured loan in the amount of $634
400 (the &#8220;PPP Loan&#8221;) under the Paycheck Protection Program
(the &#8220;PPP&#8221;) which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&#8220;the CARES Act&#8221;).
Under the CARES Act
 loan forgiveness is available for the sum of documented payroll costs
 covered rent payments and covered utilities
during the measurement period beginning on the date of first disbursement of the PPP Loans. For purposes of the CARES Act
 payroll
costs exclude compensation of an individual employee in excess of $100
000
 prorated annually. Not more than 40% of the forgiven
amount can be attributable to non-payroll costs. The receipt of these funds
 and the forgiveness of the loan attendant to these
funds
 is dependent on the Company having initially qualified for the PPP Loans and qualifying for the forgiveness of the PPP Loans
based on its future adherence to the forgiveness criteria.


business including the decrease in our sales
 the length and impact of stay-at-home orders and/or regional quarantines
 labor shortages
and employment trends
 disruptions to supply chains
 including its ability to obtain products from global suppliers
 higher operating
costs
 the form and impact of economic stimulus and general overall economic instability
 has contributed to and may continue to
have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s business
 results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. At this
time the full impact could not be determined.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES:




include the accounts of the Company
 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&#8220;OPTCO&#8221;)
 Sonofresco LLC (&#8220;SONO&#8221;)
Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;CFI&#8221;) and Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&#8220;GCC&#8221;). All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Significant estimates include
allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and reserves
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 intangible asset valuations
and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may be adjusted as more current
information becomes available
 and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts.




cash on deposit at financial institutions and brokerage firms.




at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the
collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction history with the customer
 current economic
industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed
individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&#8217;s customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting
their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&#8217;s assessment
 the Company provides
for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding
after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit
to accounts receivable.


the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount
of returns
 slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from its customers. The allowances
are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
000
    
    
    
65
000
    

    
    
    
35
000
    
    
    
35
000
    

    
    
    
44
000
    
    
    
44
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
144
000
    
    
    
144
000
    





of cost (first in
 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate with known or estimated
exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31
 2020 and 2019.




at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Purchases of machinery and
equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized at cost. Expenditures
which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. The Company also provides
for amortization of leasehold improvements.




the market value of the Company&#8217;s trading account
 which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage
firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments
 to partially
hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts are recognized at fair value
in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such positions. The Company&#8217;s accounting
for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular period.


held by the broker
 which are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
(58
856
    

    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
159
887
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
101
031
    



and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized holding gains and losses are included in earnings.


 2020
 the Company
held 48 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 1
800
000 pounds of green coffee at
a weighted average price of $1.158 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.044 per pound
at that date.


 2019
 the Company
held 124 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 4
650
000 pounds of green coffee
at a weighted average price of $.986 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.02 per pound
at that date.


years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively
 on these contracts
as follows:



    
    
Year Ended October 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
678
995
    
    
    
1
307
816
    

    
    
    
(1
451
761
    
    
    
(2
642
537
    

    
    
    
(553
356
    
    
    
123
077
    

    
    
    
(326
122
    
    
    
(1
211
644
    






goodwill and trademarks
 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have an indefinite useful life. The
value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized
but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence
of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount of goodwill and trademarks is greater
than its fair value. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company has determined by using a qualitative assessment that an impairment
did not exist.




of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition of OPTCO
 Comfort Foods
 Sonofresco
and Steep &#38; Brew which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of twenty years.




advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $149
505 and $449
678 for the years ended
October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities to be computed for temporary
differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts
in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable
income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax
assets and liabilities.




computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect
of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution. The Company has issued 1
000
000 options as of October
31
 2019
 they have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because of their anti-dilutive value for
the years presented in this financial statement.


outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were 5
575
453 and 5
569
349 for the years ended October
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.




 accounts
receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of
these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates fair value because the debt is based
on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a
specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are
subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore
 cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.




accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by ASU 606 in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised goods or services
and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for
the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASU 606
 the Company performs the following five steps: (1)
identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3) determine the transaction
price
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as)
the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 10 for revenue disaggregated by product line.




 2020
 the Company received
loan proceeds of $634
400 under the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;). The PPP
 which was established under the Coronavirus
Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&#8220;the CARES Act&#8221;)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up
to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP. At least 60% of the amount forgiven
must be attributable to payroll costs
 as defined by the PPP.


from the date of the first disbursement of proceeds to the Company and accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1%. Payments are deferred
for at least the first six months and payable in 54 equal consecutive monthly installments of principal and interest commencing
upon expiration of the deferral period of the PPP loan date.


accounting standards for forgivable loans provided by governmental entities to a for-profit entity. Absent authoritative accounting
standards
 interpretative guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement preparers allows for the selection of accounting
policies amongst acceptable alternatives. Based on facts and circumstances outlined below
 the Company determined it most appropriate
to account for the PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (&#8220;IAS
20&#8221;)
 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Under the provisions of IAS 20
 &#8220;a
forgivable loan from the government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet
the terms for forgiveness of the loan.&#8221; IAS 20 does not define &#8220;reasonable assurance&#8221;
 however
 based on certain
interpretations
 it is analogous to &#8220;probable&#8221; as defined in FASB ASC 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP
 which is the definition
the Company has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20
 government grants are recognized in earnings
on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e.
qualified expenses). Further
 IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either separately under a general heading such as
other income
 or as a reduction of the related expenses. The Company has elected to recognize government grant income separately
within other income to present a more clear distinction in its financial statements between its operating income and the amount
of net income resulting from the PPP loan and subsequent expected forgiveness. The Company believes this presentation method promotes
greater comparability amongst all period presented.


balance and activity related to the PPP Loan:



    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
    
    


SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND
COSTS:


handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating approximately $2
780
000
and $3
214
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 is included in selling and administrative expenses.




subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions and brokerage
firms.


insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had
approximately $816
000 and $1
490
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits
 respectively.


contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500
000
 with a limit of $100
000 for cash
 by the Securities Investor
Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $1
421
000 and $706
000 in excess of
SIPC insured limits
 respectively.




financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year&#8217;s presentation. These reclassification adjustments
had no effect on the Company&#8217;s previously reported net income.




but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or
not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including
among others
 representation on the Investee company&#8217;s board of directors and ownership level
 which is generally a 20% to
50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee company&#8217;s
accounts are not reflected within the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however
the Company&#8217;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption &#8220;Loss from equity
method investments&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&#8217;s carrying value in an equity method Investee
company is reflected in the caption &#8220;Equity method investments&#8221; in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.


a company that is accounted for on the equity method of accounting consist of the following: (1) 20% interest in Healthwise Gourmet
Coffees
 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted
to $5
016 and $3
769 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The net value of this investment as presented
on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $80
992 and $86
008
 respectively. (2) On October 15
 2020 the
Company acquired a 49% interest in Jordre Well LLC
 a company that will produce CBD infused products. The investment was made in
newly issued stock. The Company issued 139
250 shares to be paid at closing. The price of the stock on October 15
 2020 was $3.45
for a value of $480
413. As of October 31
 2020 there was no activity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







NOTE 3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
AFFECTING THE COMPANY: 


 2019
 the Company
adopted ASC Topic 842
 Leases (&#8220;ASC 842&#8221;). The new guidance increases transparency by requiring the recognition of
right to use assets and lease liabilities on the statement of financial condition. The recognition of these lease assets and lease
liabilities represents a change from previous US GAAP requirement
 which did not require lease assets and lease liabilities to
be recognized for most operating leases.


 measurement and
presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease
 have not significantly changed from previous US GAAP requirements.


 2019
 the effective
date of ASC 842
 existing leases of the Company were required to be recognized and measured. Additionally any leases entered into
during the year were also required to recognized and measured. In applying ASC 842
 the Company made an accounting policy election
not to recognize the right of use assets and lease liabilities relating to short-term leases. Implementation of ASC 842 included
an analysis of contracts
 including real estate leases and service contracts to identify embedded leases
 to determine the initial
recognition of the right to use assets and lease liabilities
 which required subjective assessment over the determination of the
associated discount rates to apply in determining the lease liabilities.


of transition practical expedients
 which the Company has elected
 including:


of three&#8221; expedients that must be taken together and allow entities to (1) not reassess whether existing contracts contain
leases
 (2) carryforward the existing lease classification
 and (3) not reassess initial direct costs associated with existing
leases
 and


expedient which allows the requirements of the standard in the period of adoption with no restatement of prior periods.


in the recording of operating lease right of use assets of $2
512
022 and operating lease liabilities of $2
705
484 at November
1
 2019.


the modified retrospective approach. In addition
 at November 1
 2019
 there was no impact to stockholder&#8217;s equity upon adoption.


is or contains a lease at inception. The Company&#8217;s operating lease arrangement are comprised of real estate and facility
leases. Right of use assets represent the Company&#8217;s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities
represent the Company&#8217;s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Right of use assets and lease liabilities
are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of the lease payments over the lease term. As the Company&#8217;s
leases do not provide an implicit rate and the implicit rate is not readily determinable
 the Company estimates its incremental
borrowing rate based on the information available at the measurement date in determining the present value of the lease payments.
The present value of the lease payments was determined using a 4.75% incremental borrowing rate. Right of use assets also exclude
lease incentives.


of its right to use assets and payments of related lease liabilities originating in connection with operating leases as an adjustment
to reconcile net income or loss to net cash generated or used in operating activities and an operating cash outflow
 respectively
within the operating section of the statement of cash flows.



































The entire disclosure for change in accounting principle. Includes
 but is not limited to
 nature
 reason
 and method of adopting amendment to accounting standards or other change in accounting principle.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










 2020 and
2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
590
709
    
    
    
4
044
279
    

    
    
    
11
390
668
    
    
    
12
515
124
    

    
    
    
381
617
    
    
    
419
077
    

    
    
    
1
739
999
    
    
    
1
862
745
    

    
    
    
17
102
993
    
    
    
18
841
225
    




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Investments
 Debt and Equity Securities [Abstract]








 2020
 The Ideation
Lab
 LLC (&#8220;TIL&#8221;)
 Jordre Well
 LLC (&#8220;Jordre Well&#8221;)
 an entity created by TIL and the Company entered into
a Contribution and Equity Purchase Agreement. TIL contributed 100% of its assets to Jordre Well in exchange for 100 common units.
TIL
 immediately following the contribution
 sold 49 common units of Jordre Well to the Company for up to 278
500 shares of the
Company&#8217;s common stock
 payable as follows: (a) 139
250 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock on October 15
 2020 and
(b) an additional 139
250 shares of its common stock when Jordre Well generates $500
000 in revenue from the sale of its newly
created brands. This was accounted for as an equity method investment.







The entire disclosure for cost method and equity method investments included basis
 impairment losses
 recognized or unrecognized gains (losses).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








31
 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
Useful Life
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
233
766
    
    
    
228
201
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
492
395
    
    
    
8
035
223
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
082
022
    
    
    
1
082
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
808
183
    
    
    
9
345
446
    

Less
 accumulated depreciation
    
    
    
    
7
610
864
    
    
    
6
931
913
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
197
319
    
    
    
2
413
533
    



951
and $680
085 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










 2017 the Company and
OPTCO (together with the Company
 collectively referred to herein as the &#8220;Borrowers&#8221;) entered into an Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement (the &#8220;A&#38;R Loan Agreement&#8221;) and Amended and Restated Loan Facility (the &#8220;A&#38;R
Loan Facility&#8221;) with Sterling National Bank (&#8220;Sterling&#8221;)
 which consolidated (i) the financing agreement between
the Company and Sterling
 dated February 17
 2009
 as modified
 (the &#8220;Company Financing Agreement&#8221;) and (ii) the financing
agreement between Company
 as guarantor
 OPTCO and Sterling
 dated March 10
 2015 (the &#8220;OPTCO Financing Agreement&#8221;)
amongst other things.


 2020
 the Company reached
an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the new agreement
 among other
things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31
 2022 and (ii) decreases the interest rate per annum to LIBOR plus 1.75%
(with such interest rate not to be lower than 3.50%). All other terms of the A7R Loan Agreement and A&#38;R Loan Facility remain
the same.


and A&#38;R Loan Agreement contains covenants
 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions on the Borrowers&#8217;
operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum deposit restrictions
tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions (common stock and preferred
stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The Company was in compliance with all covenants as of October 31
 2020
and October 31
 2019.


and the A&#38;R Loan Agreement is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. Other than as amended and restated
by the A&#38;R Loan Agreement
 the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement remains in full force and effect.


 2020 and October
31
 2019
 the outstanding balance under the bank line of credit was $3
796
822 and $7
167
740
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










for income taxes in 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
187
140
    
    
    
10
172
    

    
    
    
62
499
    
    
    
68
974
    

    
    
    
249
639
    
    
    
79
146
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(229
355
    
    
    
(45
323
    

    
    
    
(61
997
    
    
    
(4
615
    

    
    
    
(291
352
    
    
    
(49
938
    

    
    
    
(41
713
    
    
    
29
208
    



between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as
follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(79
329
    
    
    
61
575
    

    
    
    
52
537
    
    
    
(45
107
    

State and local tax
 net of federal
    
    
(14
921
    
    
    
12
740
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(41
713
    
    
    
29
208
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
468
    
    
    
36
802
    

    
    
    
140
136
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
810
    
    
    
49
442
    

    
    
    
70
035
    
    
    
96
720
    

    
    
    
70
275
    
    
    
82
973
    

    
    
    
340
715
    
    
    
121
880
    

    
    
    
87
736
    
    
    
92
656
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
782
175
    
    
    
480
473
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
484
932
    
    
    
484
932
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
656
    

    
    
    
397
650
    
    
    
354
644
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
882
582
    
    
    
872
232
    



at October 31
 2020 or 2019. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely
than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets
is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income
 and tax planning strategies
in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the
periods in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be deductible
 management believes it is more likely than not the Company
will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable
 however
could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.


 2020 and 2019
the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company&#8217;s practice is to recognize interest
and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had no accrued
interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations in progress.


income tax return and California
 Colorado
 Connecticut
 Idaho
 Kansas
 Michigan
 New Jersey
 New York
 New York City
 Virginia
Texas
 Rhode Island
 South Carolina
 and Oregon state tax returns. The Company&#8217;s federal income tax return is no longer subject
to examination by the federal taxing authority for years before fiscal 2017. The Company&#8217;s California
 Colorado and New Jersey
and Texas income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal
2016. The Company&#8217;s Oregon
 New York
 Kansas
 South Carolina
 Rhode Island
 Connecticut and Michigan income tax returns are
no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years before fiscal 2017.


 2020 Congress enacted
the CARES Act (Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act). The Act provides numerous tax provisions and other stimulus
measures
 including temporary changes regarding prior and future operation losses
 temporary changes to prior and future limitations
on interest deductions
 temporary suspension of certain payment requirements for the employer portion of Social Security taxes
technical corrections to prior tax legislation for tax depreciation of certain qualified improvement property and enhanced recoverability
of AMT tax credits. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the CARES Act
 but at present does not expect any impact.


 2020
 and 2019
the Company had cumulative net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $334
642 and $395
111 respectively
 which begin to
expire in 2038. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue code
 the usage of the Company&#8217;s net operating loss
carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation of $60
469. These net operating loss carryforwards may be may be further limited
in the event of a change in ownership.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020












in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on or about
December 21
 2020. The plaintiffs
 Eileen Brodsky and Rhonda Diamond
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased
coffee products at Aldi
 Inc. (&#8220;Aldi&#8221;)
 a supermarket chain
 generally allege that Aldi sold private label coffee products
manufactured by us and by Pan American Coffee Co.
 LLC (&#8220;Pan American&#8221;)
 which falsely described the number of cups
of coffee that could be made from the amount of product purchased. Aldi and Pan American are also named as defendants in the action.
The complaint asserts a variety of claims under New York and California consumer protection laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary
damages
 including disgorgement and restitution
 as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory and
injunctive relief
 attorneys&#8217; fees
 and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without
merit and that the claims asserted are legally deficient
 and the company intends to vigorously defend the action. As of the filing
of this Form 10-K
 the Company has not been served with the complaint. Therefore
 the Company is unable to predict the ultimate
outcome of this lawsuit.


was named as a defendant in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts
on or about February 2
 2021
 concerning the labeling on private label coffee productions we sold to the customer. The plaintiff
David Cohen
 purporting to represent a class of individuals who purchased coffee products from our customer
 generally allege that
the customer sold private label coffee products manufactured by the Company which falsely described the number of cups of coffee
that could be made from the amount of product purchased. The Company is not named as a defendant in the action
 but has agreed
to indemnify the customer for the costs and expenses incurred in defending the lawsuit and for any liability the customer may suffer
as a result. The complaint asserts a variety of claims under Massachusetts consumer protection laws
 and seeks unspecified monetary
damages as well as other forms of relief including class certification
 declaratory and injunctive relief
 attorneys&#8217; fees
and interest. The Company believes the allegations in the complaint are wholly without merit and that the claims asserted are legally
deficient
 and intends to vigorously support the customer in defending the action. As of the filing of this Form 10-K
 the Company
is unable to predict the ultimate outcome of this lawsuit.




 the Company entered
into a lease for office and warehouse space in La Junta City
 Colorado. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental of $8
341 beginning
January 2005
 expires on January 31
 2024. Operating lease costs amounted to $95
504 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.


 the Company entered
into a lease for office and warehouse space in Staten Island
 NY. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning November 2008
expires on October 31
 2023 and includes annual rent increases. Operating lease costs amounted to $175
640 and $143
171 for the
years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The Company also uses a variety of independent
 bonded commercial warehouses
to store its green coffee beans.


 the Company entered
into a lease for office space in Vancouver
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2015
 expired on March
31
 2017. The lease was extended
 effective as of April 1
 2017 and expiring on March 31
 2019. The lease was extended
 effective
as of April 1
 2019 and expiring on March 31
 2021. Operating lease costs amounted to $41
150 and $39
960 for the years ended October
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 the Company entered
into a lease for office and warehouse space in Burlington
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning December 1
 2017
expired on December 31
 2018. The lease was extended
 effective January 1
 2019 and expiring on December 31
 2020. The lease was
extended
 effective January 1
 2021 and expiring on December 21
 2021. Operating lease costs amounted to $32
924 and $47
143 for
the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 the Company entered
into a lease for office and warehouse space in North Andover
 MA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2017
expires on May 31
 2028 and includes charges for common areas and utilities. Operating lease costs amounted to $235
710 and $233
754
for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 the Company through
its joint venture Generations Coffee Company
 LLC entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Madison
 WI. This lease
which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1
 2018
 expires on September 30
 2024 and includes charges for common areas and utilities.
Operating lease costs amounted to $169
244 and $117
149 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


are recognized at the lease commencement date. Operating lease liabilities represent the present value of lease payments not yet
paid. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities
adjusted for prepayments or accrued lease payments
 initial direct costs
 lease incentives
 and impairment of operating lease assets.
To determine the present value of lease payments not yet paid
 we use the Company&#8217;s cost of capital based on existing debt
instruments. Our material leases typically contain rent escalations over the lease term. We recognize expense for these leases
on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Total operating lease costs for the year ended October 31
 2020 was $750
172
 of
which
 $131
730 was included within cost of goods sold and $618
442 was recorded in the selling and administrative expenses. The
aggregate cash payments under these leasing agreements was $597
945 for the year ended October 31
 2020.


operating leases:



    
    
October 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
114
228
    

    
    
    
484
163
    

    
    
    
1
780
306
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


Maturities of lease liabilities
by year for our operating leases are as follows:



    
    
    
580
788
    

    
    
    
535
920
    

    
    
    
531
807
    

    
    
    
316
477
    

    
    
    
168
288
    

    
    
    
434
744
    

    
    
    
2
568
024
    

    
    
    
(303
555
    

    
    
    
2
264
469
    





Plan
 birthday.
The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first 3% of compensation and 50% of aggregate
contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Contributions to the plan aggregated $81
384 and $89
577 for the years ended October
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










sales were derived from six customers during the year ended October 31
 2020. These customers also accounted for approximately
$2
076
000 or 28% of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2020. Approximately 19% of the Company&#8217;s
sales were derived from five customers during the year ended October 31
 2019. These customers also accounted for approximately
$3
109
000 or 33% of the Company&#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2019. Concentration of credit risk with respect
to other trade receivables is limited due to the short payment terms generally extended by the Company
 by ongoing credit evaluations
of customers
 and by maintaining an allowance for doubtful accounts and other allowances that management believes will adequately
provide for credit losses.


 2020
approximately 23% of the Company&#8217;s purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $468
000 of
the Company&#8217;s accounts payable at October 31
 2020. For the year ended October 31
 2019
 approximately 26% of the Company&#8217;s
purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $1
005
000 of the Company&#8217;s accounts payable at
October 31
 2019. Management does not believe the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse effect of the Company&#8217;s
operations due to the availability of many alternate suppliers.


revenues by product line for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
912
022
    
    
    
32
849
195
    

    
    
    
50
423
793
    
    
    
53
618
237
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
74
335
815
    
    
    
86
467
432
    








The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










in Generation Coffee Company
 LLC as an outside contractor (the &#8220;Partner&#8221;). Included in contract labor expense
 which
is a component of cost of sales
 are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019 of $380
838
and $401
227
 respectively.


vendors is a director of the Company. Purchases from that vendor totaled approximately $5
300
000 and $8
300
000 for the years
ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this vendor was approximately $0 and
$840
000 at October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


 the Company established
the &#8220;Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan.&#8221; Currently
 there is only one participant in
the plan: Andrew Gordon
 the CEO. Within the plan guidelines
 this employee is deferring a portion of his current salary and bonus.
The deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to an officer of the Company. The deferred compensation liability
at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $276
548 and $378
453
 respectively. Deferred compensation expenses included in officers&#8217;
salaries were $0 during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020











    
    
. The Company utilizes the cost method of accounting for treasury stock. The cost of reissued shares is determined under the last-in
 first-out method. The Company did not purchase any shares during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019. 

    
    
    

    
    
Stock Options. The Company has an incentive stock plan
 the 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (the &#8220;2013 Plan&#8221;)
 and on April 19
 2019
 has granted stock options to employees
 officers and non-employee directors from the 2013 Plan. Options granted under the 2013 Plan may be Incentive Stock Options or Nonqualified Stock Options
 as determined by the Administrator at the time of grant. As of January 31
 2020
 the Board of Directors approved 1
000
000 options. 

    
    
    

    
    
During the year ended October 31
 2019
 the Company granted stock option awards to five board members to purchase an aggregate 59
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at $5.43 per share.



term of six years and will vest over a twelve month service period.


grant date fair value of approximately $233
050. The Company also granted stock option awards to certain officers and employees
to purchase an aggregate of 941
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock at an exercise price of $5.43 per share. The stock
options have an expected term of six years and will vest over a three year service period. These stock options have an aggregate
grant date fair value of approximately $2
277
220.


option activity for the year ended October 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Life
    
    
    
Intrinsic
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2019
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2020
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2019
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



477 and
$476
899 of stock-based compensation during the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.


expense as of October 31
 2020 was approximately $1
164
894.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date
 not adjusted for transaction costs. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3) as described below:


quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible by the Company;


in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable
 either directly or indirectly;


inputs for the asset or liability including significant assumptions of the Company and other market participants.


for its investment assets as follows:


of commodity securities and deferred compensation plan assets.


compensation plan. The fair value of the plan assets are classified within Level 1 as the assets are valued using quoted prices
in active markets. The assets are included with Deposits and other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. Additional information
related to the Company&#8217;s deferred compensation plan is disclosed in Note 11.


are classified within Level 2 and include coffee futures and options contracts. To determine fair value
 the Company utilizes the
market approach valuation technique for the coffee futures and options contracts. The Company uses Level 2 inputs that are based
on market data of similar instruments that are in observable markets. All commodities on the balance sheet are recorded at fair
value with changes in fair value included in earnings.


Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair
value hierarchy.



    
    
    
    
    
Fair Value Measurements as of October 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
Fair Value Measurements as of October 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
538
340
    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    




































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based upon the evaluation
 the Company
did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required further adjustment or disclosure in
the consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020










include the accounts of the Company
 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&#8220;OPTCO&#8221;)
 Sonofresco LLC (&#8220;SONO&#8221;)
Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&#8220;CFI&#8221;) and Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&#8220;GCC&#8221;). All significant inter-company
balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.







financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Significant estimates include
allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and reserves
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
 intangible asset valuations
and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may be adjusted as more current
information becomes available
 and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts.







cash on deposit at financial institutions and brokerage firms.







at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting
from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the
collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction history with the customer
 current economic
industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed
individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&#8217;s customers were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting
their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&#8217;s assessment
 the Company provides
for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding
after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit
to accounts receivable.


the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount
of returns
 slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from its customers. The allowances
are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
000
    
    
    
65
000
    

    
    
    
35
000
    
    
    
35
000
    

    
    
    
44
000
    
    
    
44
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
144
000
    
    
    
144
000
    








of cost (first in
 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate with known or estimated
exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31
 2020 and 2019.







at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Purchases of machinery and
equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized at cost. Expenditures
which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. The Company also provides
for amortization of leasehold improvements.







the market value of the Company&#8217;s trading account
 which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage
firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments
 to partially
hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts are recognized at fair value
in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such positions. The Company&#8217;s accounting
for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular period.


held by the broker
 which are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
(58
856
    

    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
159
887
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
101
031
    



and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized holding gains and losses are included in earnings.


 2020
 the Company
held 48 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 1
800
000 pounds of green coffee at
a weighted average price of $1.158 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.044 per pound
at that date.


 2019
 the Company
held 124 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 4
650
000 pounds of green coffee
at a weighted average price of $.986 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.02 per pound
at that date.


years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively
 on these contracts
as follows:



    
    
Year Ended October 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
678
995
    
    
    
1
307
816
    

    
    
    
(1
451
761
    
    
    
(2
642
537
    

    
    
    
(553
356
    
    
    
123
077
    

    
    
    
(326
122
    
    
    
(1
211
644
    








goodwill and trademarks
 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have an indefinite useful life. The
value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized
but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence
of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&#8217;s carrying amount of goodwill and trademarks is greater
than its fair value. As of October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company has determined by using a qualitative assessment that an impairment
did not exist.







of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition of OPTCO
 Comfort Foods
 Sonofresco
and Steep &#38; Brew which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their estimated useful life of twenty years.







advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $149
505 and $449
678 for the years ended
October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities to be computed for temporary
differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts
in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable
income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.
The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax
assets and liabilities.







computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common
share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect
of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution. The Company has issued 1
000
000 options as of October
31
 2019
 they have not been included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share because of their anti-dilutive value for
the years presented in this financial statement.


outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were 5
575
453 and 5
569
349 for the years ended October
31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.







 accounts
receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of
these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates fair value because the debt is based
on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a
specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are
subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore
 cannot be determined with precision.
Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.







accordance with the five-step model as prescribed by ASU 606 in which the Company evaluates the transfer of promised goods or services
and recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration
which the Company expects to be entitled to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition for
the arrangements that the Company determines are within the scope of ASU 606
 the Company performs the following five steps: (1)
identify the contract(s) with a customer
 (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract
 (3) determine the transaction
price
 (4) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract and (5) recognize revenue when (or as)
the entity satisfies a performance obligation. See Note 10 for revenue disaggregated by product line.







 2020
 the Company received
loan proceeds of $634
400 under the Paycheck Protection Program (&#8220;PPP&#8221;). The PPP
 which was established under the Coronavirus
Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (&#8220;the CARES Act&#8221;)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up
to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business. The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP. At least 60% of the amount forgiven
must be attributable to payroll costs
 as defined by the PPP.


from the date of the first disbursement of proceeds to the Company and accrues interest at a fixed rate of 1%. Payments are deferred
for at least the first six months and payable in 54 equal consecutive monthly installments of principal and interest commencing
upon expiration of the deferral period of the PPP loan date.


accounting standards for forgivable loans provided by governmental entities to a for-profit entity. Absent authoritative accounting
standards
 interpretative guidance issued and commonly applied by financial statement preparers allows for the selection of accounting
policies amongst acceptable alternatives. Based on facts and circumstances outlined below
 the Company determined it most appropriate
to account for the PPP loan proceeds as an in-substance government grant by analogy to International Accounting Standards 20 (&#8220;IAS
20&#8221;)
 Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance. Under the provisions of IAS 20
 &#8220;a
forgivable loan from the government is treated as a government grant when there is reasonable assurance that the entity will meet
the terms for forgiveness of the loan.&#8221; IAS 20 does not define &#8220;reasonable assurance&#8221;
 however
 based on certain
interpretations
 it is analogous to &#8220;probable&#8221; as defined in FASB ASC 450-20-20 under U.S. GAAP
 which is the definition
the Company has applied to its expectations of PPP loan forgiveness. Under IAS 20
 government grants are recognized in earnings
on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Company recognizes costs for which the grant is intended to compensate (i.e.
qualified expenses). Further
 IAS 20 permits for the recognition in earnings either separately under a general heading such as
other income
 or as a reduction of the related expenses. The Company has elected to recognize government grant income separately
within other income to present a more clear distinction in its financial statements between its operating income and the amount
of net income resulting from the PPP loan and subsequent expected forgiveness. The Company believes this presentation method promotes
greater comparability amongst all period presented.


balance and activity related to the PPP Loan:



    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
    
    





SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND
COSTS:


handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating approximately $2
780
000
and $3
214
000 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 is included in selling and administrative expenses.







subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions and brokerage
firms.


insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had
approximately $816
000 and $1
490
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits
 respectively.


contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500
000
 with a limit of $100
000 for cash
 by the Securities Investor
Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had approximately $1
421
000 and $706
000 in excess of
SIPC insured limits
 respectively.







financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current year&#8217;s presentation. These reclassification adjustments
had no effect on the Company&#8217;s previously reported net income.







but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or
not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including
among others
 representation on the Investee company&#8217;s board of directors and ownership level
 which is generally a 20% to
50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
 an Investee company&#8217;s
accounts are not reflected within the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however
the Company&#8217;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption &#8220;Loss from equity
method investments&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&#8217;s carrying value in an equity method Investee
company is reflected in the caption &#8220;Equity method investments&#8221; in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.


a company that is accounted for on the equity method of accounting consist of the following: (1) 20% interest in Healthwise Gourmet
Coffees
 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted
to $5
016 and $3
769 for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The net value of this investment as presented
on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2020 and 2019 was $80
992 and $86
008
 respectively. (2) On October 15
 2020 the
Company acquired a 49% interest in Jordre Well LLC
 a company that will produce CBD infused products. The investment was made in
newly issued stock. The Company issued 139
250 shares to be paid at closing. The price of the stock on October 15
 2020 was $3.45
for a value of $480
413. As of October 31
 2020 there was no activity.






























































































Disclosure of accounting policy for the classification of shipping and handling costs
 including whether the costs are included in cost of sales or included in other income statement accounts. If shipping and handling fees are significant and are not included in cost of sales
 disclosure includes both the amounts of such costs and the line item on the income statement which includes such costs.





















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for equity method of accounting for investments and other interests. Investment includes
 but is not limited to
 unconsolidated subsidiary
 corporate joint venture
 noncontrolling interest in real estate venture
 limited partnership
 and limited liability company. Information includes
 but is not limited to
 ownership percentage
 reason equity method is or is not considered appropriate
 and accounting policy election for distribution received.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassification affecting comparability of financial statement. Excludes amendment to accounting standards
 other change in accounting principle
 and correction of error.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The allowances are summarized as
follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
000
    
    
    
65
000
    

    
    
    
35
000
    
    
    
35
000
    

    
    
    
44
000
    
    
    
44
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
144
000
    
    
    
144
000
    





The Company has open position contracts
held by the broker
 which are summarized as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
(58
856
    

    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
159
887
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
101
031
    





Included in cost of sales for the
years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively
 on these contracts
as follows:



    
    
Year Ended October 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
678
995
    
    
    
1
307
816
    

    
    
    
(1
451
761
    
    
    
(2
642
537
    

    
    
    
(553
356
    
    
    
123
077
    

    
    
    
(326
122
    
    
    
(1
211
644
    





The following table provided the
balance and activity related to the PPP Loan:



    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
634
400
    

    
    
    
    
    

































































Tabular disclosure of the various types of trade accounts and notes receivable and for each the gross carrying value
 allowance
 and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current
 noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)



























Tabular disclosure of amounts receivable from and payable to broker-dealers and clearing organizations
 including securities failed to receive
 deposits received for securities loaned
 amounts payable to clearing organizations related to open transactions
 floor brokerage payables and payables for commodities futures accounts liquidating to an equity balance on a broker-dealer's records.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







Inventories at October 31
 2020 and
2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
590
709
    
    
    
4
044
279
    

    
    
    
11
390
668
    
    
    
12
515
124
    

    
    
    
381
617
    
    
    
419
077
    

    
    
    
1
739
999
    
    
    
1
862
745
    

    
    
    
17
102
993
    
    
    
18
841
225
    




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]





Machinery and equipment at October
31
 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
Useful Life
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
233
766
    
    
    
228
201
    

    
    
    
    
    
8
492
395
    
    
    
8
035
223
    

    
    
    
    
    
1
082
022
    
    
    
1
082
022
    

    
    
    
    
    
9
808
183
    
    
    
9
345
446
    

Less
 accumulated depreciation
    
    
    
    
7
610
864
    
    
    
6
931
913
    

    
    
    
    
    
2
197
319
    
    
    
2
413
533
    




































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The Company&#8217;s (benefit)/provision
for income taxes in 2020 and 2019 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
187
140
    
    
    
10
172
    

    
    
    
62
499
    
    
    
68
974
    

    
    
    
249
639
    
    
    
79
146
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(229
355
    
    
    
(45
323
    

    
    
    
(61
997
    
    
    
(4
615
    

    
    
    
(291
352
    
    
    
(49
938
    

    
    
    
(41
713
    
    
    
29
208
    





A reconciliation of the difference
between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as
follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(79
329
    
    
    
61
575
    

    
    
    
52
537
    
    
    
(45
107
    

State and local tax
 net of federal
    
    
(14
921
    
    
    
12
740
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(41
713
    
    
    
29
208
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The tax effects of the temporary
differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31
 2020 and 2019 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
468
    
    
    
36
802
    

    
    
    
140
136
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
36
810
    
    
    
49
442
    

    
    
    
70
035
    
    
    
96
720
    

    
    
    
70
275
    
    
    
82
973
    

    
    
    
340
715
    
    
    
121
880
    

    
    
    
87
736
    
    
    
92
656
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
782
175
    
    
    
480
473
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
484
932
    
    
    
484
932
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
32
656
    

    
    
    
397
650
    
    
    
354
644
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
882
582
    
    
    
872
232
    




































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The following summarizes the Company&#8217;s
operating leases:



    
    
October 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
114
228
    

    
    
    
484
163
    

    
    
    
1
780
306
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





Maturities of lease liabilities
by year for our operating leases are as follows:



    
    
    
580
788
    

    
    
    
535
920
    

    
    
    
531
807
    

    
    
    
316
477
    

    
    
    
168
288
    

    
    
    
434
744
    

    
    
    
2
568
024
    

    
    
    
(303
555
    

    
    
    
2
264
469
    




































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure for lessee's operating leases. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's operating lease
 existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 restrictions imposed by lease
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing
 rent holidays
 rent concessions
 or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The following table presents
revenues by product line for the years ended October 31
 2020 and 2019.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
23
912
022
    
    
    
32
849
195
    

    
    
    
50
423
793
    
    
    
53
618
237
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
74
335
815
    
    
    
86
467
432
    




































Tabular disclosure of the extent of the entity's reliance on its major customers
 if revenues from transactions with a single external customer amount to 10 percent or more of entity revenues
 including the disclosure of that fact
 the total amount of revenues from each such customer
 and the identity of the reportable segment or segments reporting the revenues. The entity need not disclose the identity of a major customer or the amount of revenues that each segment reports from that customer. For these purposes
 a group of companies known to the entity to be under common control is considered a single customer
 and the federal government
 a state government
 a local government such as a county or municipality
 or a foreign government is each considered a single customer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The following table represents stock
option activity for the year ended October 31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Life
    
    
    
Intrinsic
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2019
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2020
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance October 31
 2019
    
    
1
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The following tables present the
Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair
value hierarchy.



    
    
    
    
    
Fair Value Measurements as of October 31
 2020
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
276
548
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(287
850
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(164
475
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(452
325
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
Fair Value Measurements as of October 31
 2019
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
538
340
    
    
    
378
453
    
    
    
159
887
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(58
856
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















400








Non- payroll costs forgiven amount
 percentage











000







Non- payroll costs forgiven amount
 percentage.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















































































800
000


650
000





































505


678













000
000











575
453


569
349











780
000


214
000











000


490
000











421
000


000











000













016


769











405


008



Number of common stock shares issued
 shares | shares

250



















413





Healthwise Gourmet Coffees
 LLC [Member]












Equity method investment
 ownership percentage

























Equity method investment
 ownership percentage












Number of common stock shares issued
 shares | shares

250


250
























000


413






























 which is generally a 20% to 50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company.
























400













 which was established under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act)
 provides for loans to qualifying businesses for amounts up to 2.5 times certain average monthly payroll expenses of the qualifying business.  The loan and accrued interest
 or a portion thereof
 may be forgiven after 24 weeks so long as the borrower uses the loan proceeds for eligible purposes including payroll
 benefits
 rent
 mortgage interest and utilities
 and maintains its payroll levels
 as defined by the PPP.  At least 60% of the amount forgiven must be attributable to payroll costs
 as defined by the PPP.














































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life






































Cash
 SIPC insured amount







000































Cash
 SIPC insured amount







000






































Cash
 SIPC insured amount.













































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.






















































































Identification of the lender and information about a contractual promise to repay a short-term or long-term obligation
 which includes borrowings under lines of credit
 notes payable
 commercial paper
 bonds payable
 debentures
 and other contractual obligations for payment. This may include rationale for entering into the arrangement
 significant terms of the arrangement
 which may include amount
 repayment terms
 priority
 collateral required
 debt covenants
 borrowing capacity
 call features
 participation rights
 conversion provisions
 sinking-fund requirements
 voting rights
 basis for conversion if convertible and remarketing provisions. The description may be provided for individual debt instruments
 rational groupings of debt instruments
 or by debt in total.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period the derivative contract is outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











000


000





000


000





000


000





000


000





























































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











475)


856)





850)


887





325)


031







































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











678
995


307
816





451
761)


642
537)





356)


077





122)


211
644)




































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c)
9(a))



























The difference between the book value and the sale price of agreements to purchase or sell mineral resources
 energy
 and agricultural products at some future point. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings and not to the cash proceeds.




























The difference between the book value and the sale price of options
 swaps
 futures
 forward contracts
 and other derivative instruments. This element refers to the gain (loss) included in earnings.




























The net change in the difference between the fair value and the carrying value
 or in the comparative fair values
 of derivative instruments
 including options
 swaps
 futures
 and forward contracts
 held at each balance sheet date
 that was included in earnings for the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























400










400







































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Nov. 02
 2019
Oct. 31
 2019




114
228









264
469




















512
022









705
484

















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




102
993


841
225












590
709


044
279












390
668


515
124












617


077












739
999


862
745







Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 15
 2020
Oct. 15
 2020
Oct. 31
 2020


Number of common stock shares issued
 shares

250













413



The Ideation Lab
 LLC [Member]








Equity method investment
 ownership percentage

















The Ideation Lab
 LLC [Member] | Maximum [Member]








Number of common stock shares issued
 shares

500
















Equity method investment
 ownership percentage

















Number of common stock shares issued
 shares

250


250







000


413
























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








951


085













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




766


201





492
395


035
223





082
022


082
022





808
183


345
446



Less
 accumulated depreciation

610
864


931
913





197
319


413
533































































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Mar. 13
 2020
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


Line of credit
 maximum principal amount



796
822














Line of credit
 maximum principal amount



796
822


167
740














  2022















































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.




























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


















642


111



















469
































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











140


172





499


974





639


146





355)


323)





997)


615)





352)


938)





713)


208



























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











329)


575





537


107)



State and local tax
 net of federal

921)


740





713)


208








































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











468


802





136







810


442





035


720





275


973





715


880





736


656





175


473





932


932







656





650


644





582


232






































































































































































































































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2018
Apr. 30
 2017
Dec. 31
 2016
Mar. 31
 2015
Oct. 30
 2008
Feb. 28
 2004
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
















172



















730



















442



















 which covers all the full time employees who have completed one year of service and have reached their 21st birthday. The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first 3% of compensation and 50% of aggregate contribution of the next 2% of compensation.



















384


577




































945




































341



















  2024





















504


504
































  2023























640


171






























  2019

























150


960











  2021




































  2020



























924


143









  2021




































  2028





























710


754
























  2024































244


149


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))
























































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























Date which lease or group of leases is set to expire
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























Amount of cash inflow from lease payment
 classified as operating activity.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











114
228







163







780
306



















































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















788





920





807





477





288





744





568
024





555)





264
469





















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




000


000












000
















005
000















































076
000





































109
000


















































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




335
815


467
432












912
022


849
195












423
793


618
237







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




838


227





300
000


300
000







000





548


453










Generation Coffee Company
 LLC [Member]














































Aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the liabilities for all deferred compensation arrangements payable beyond one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the liabilities for all deferred compensation arrangements payable within one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer). Represents currently earned compensation under compensation arrangements that is not actually paid until a later date.






















































































Identify the stated interest rate per the agreement
 for example
 leasing and debt arrangements between related parties.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Jan. 31
 2020















000
000
















477


899







164
894
















Share-based compensation
 options
 number of shares authorized





000
000
















000




































050


















000




































277
220



































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.
















































































































































Fair value of options vested. Excludes equity instruments other than options
 for example
 but not limited to
 share units
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019









Stock Options
 Beginning balance

000
000





Stock Options
 Exercisable Beginning balance






Stock Options
 Granted



000
000



Stock Options
 Exercised






Stock Options
 Cancelled






Stock Options
 Ending balance

000
000


000
000



Stock Options
 Exercisable Ending balance






Exercise Price
 Beginning balance






Exercise Price
 Exercisable Beginning balance






Exercise Price
 Granted






Exercise Price
 Exercised






Exercise Price
 Cancelled






Exercise Price
 Ending balance






Exercise Price
 Exercisable Ending balance






Contractual Life (Years)
 Beginning balance






Contractual Life (Years)
 Granted






Contractual Life (Years)
 Ending balance






Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Beginning balance






Aggregate Intrinsic Value
 Ending balance










Contractual life (years)
 granted.




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 options
 outstanding
 weighted average remaining contractual term.









































































































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.
















































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019




548


453







887





548


340





850)







475)


856)





325)


856)












548


453












548


453



































887







887





850)







475)


856)





325)


856)





































































































































































Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.


















































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

?
_/+-


M*:^Q_

W=M_


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O6

MT=)(@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_
M::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E

MH5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'



M?$R




 U[F
M$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+
M!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'5

MC9?1CMHX%(:ONT]A17NQ*Y5)'& 8*D!BPMRW0(:MJU&J[TPB8%H$CNUG6'F
M[??80FM$L

M3?AQ[&#G=.
QWA^4ON%.1AG9TPU57[.U@)9;J41Q2IF



MDYZ7#OJZF:$_?O]SYKXG YRPU+ZOI#V6Z2QC[YPI@X2=

M[WVKXBI4-ZB+WR/?\[T&H





 D2B0M!&6'L[OLK<-RE)$G2?2W@L9:M?7!!3(K?Y!:ZM'=O-



MLE3H%^#YCG-U:N@/5+7QY']02P

BYX;6RM6FU3XS@2_BNJU%3M794AUHLM



H1)5)-&G4:72$OD^NT#\^


M(?(IDC\!'S1D2)


8FE(6-P+OBT6)3PF QF?

M1I


M 









M*RS$ABD:TCA

MGCLWBU_!&]@\L5&.


M;3D:4*WV^RUK;8@!BZ/ 6D&#.[0CNQ#.YMDO&;.P#D(L;$L24B4D+[5#CE.
M8.\/V-QA'O%CW@&5TX%E',
6#9Z9WI[-M

M3A6GE

SF93HLRJFXJX?!P@P.-CI(W*

G40#C_' 
RX@6T)GIN:CE
M1X3#YB5#^Z*AO0
+LX06O\[_DM./J%* %[G6T!0XE^?_;S77R_
W]ZRT0W'J



2*A?TG 
FLXY

#^9N)-&


RYX;6REEUV/HS84AO^*A7JQ*\T.

MX3W9$/6U6@NXLSN5C!:DE)272)#=PGIT'U9NH!-





MKG@I.:
95B1#3YCA




5
MD1'8'&!N]*R
@39*48\@CEQG%@5GI




M[SBHS^*_8K&GI42

BC8<Y$E1V5 D$3IX9^^'0-QHHM%@5R
M5!U!:-%03\JZ(6C!V2%6[=4T.%UGKVB7$J#-?E0Q*;0!F^B5*;1%SE\C4!/
M#=9RK

)@7-3PCN;B75FG

M;** Y?POQ&E
\XAQ%4RW64RR0+0:R*:8C0W-M=00L59U;:T3Y-I;C^;*9JPI
MXN=J1C-^*DF38


O:.1&W?NF%

MX'T!V)+4E)B-9M)


MV
W
%LA_'/NSV]EH];?2WR;Q0#W;MMG(15.0N#K!1HN_%4'A;H8Z&[.4;2)Q
7;8$445

PY+RT,2[NYM.T;TWOY79FWB7%S+!
METI'2.,HTG<-7:MW[6<Z;85847&I)N
QY1'0;$7#:-X+T\
9S)QL): 3?B6
MYLH&?#3JG
+1+C521_U_8I]!5P1-C

+Q



B2XG'+:
AR*0#?-UDF/E[D!.6%V_ _4$L#!!0    (
M (Y)4%*A




]PP.+P
M(XN*'@GH/E_P\,O9\*)^XK&CB\^P7=;9ZJMUJR7].U04W]^OL
^[!G'SKV
MX0GV)4AW50W7^


M^V(0?/OITVIWM7A\4/FSWDAIT(\TR?1DM#%F^]%Q]'(C4Z&OU59F\&:E\E08





MORL7#XMY$EK.5/)7')G-9!2






JJM!4G\D(8^
M;9=;&]*E!

M6-YNI(/M ( [U=*F==!\;%8_\$Q_1=02P,$%     @ CDE04AC%@L,&
\PJOXDMS^'-2A19).&V6(_*

MP6VRWDCU8'1VLHW6?
'E_?:F@+M1HV699#PO$Y&C@J].!V-\/&%$#:@D?B;\






M'
9.1H^'+M'EB

MJ)K%7

%*\4BEE50HE
MCZ*RY&:[L.[/T/?#;F:S?_Q#]K^UB[1VD8]-S6N*BY[-$;_7\\:S)
34)5U;
M#((L#&G0
P4M16$[1TTV4;[F)2 ]3+/*]665$M

N;KD+V\EK'
=B


M?O3A=[%/ T(U@+K@D+J^@W%?FCY]L)[*;@VRA9(OZLV(#7
R;DAA=0(!8J
M+^RGTFB 3E

\





TZFS#L8


*.]6.Y4)R:[8TTA33@M @YCO$


MWI8UV7O]W(?L/=A!

MME P&DH




KTISP.[W &2)
+@'0 I%%W7RBJ_11YIFS'7,AF]B


M1(ZP_X=\.ON0SI-
'
YKB[


@






&B#QJ][LF+M\0:MTIA SIL@

M9 \[L2&JVGD$4'R?G3I


MO6]15!/ ?0(LN3L'HW%=SBC''OC;'K[LB82





MSS&#9PF$ON]H89XC9R(EX&M-911! 'DEQ 1=6[W1*#]@6R]Q3J(
)&0@G]%B


O




MBC'K-.7Z0T%A*MN)%.5W@ZQHJ@6P!7BC&&.)0I(!:D(@^)Z]94@CJW'4(\8
M3_NWO5U9H-NA'FMJ*4,C-G2AF8E+NB/H4, VE3S0PYIL/:X *,UHN@C*[0]










I4B0I6
M2[ZP:OA[^-BLY7Y2RSNRY7


MN']X'-_3S[T?CF
Q+_)B62J3%*U5\_N[9E$$&X$WJL1U4:0F%M
\Z?B5X^NI
M6RADGHH;E:M2H@
P0





:/1R#\_U'K4$JT4;FX*GQ7%$5X(:^*:%
MI3?T'+)#&O#N6^9&M9:5D
#RI!*)*BN($+#3%B0'9\D-:P\^E&J39(6IX81.


M._X#(D!^PWX:?\5U_C'D:,ZG8-[J4EV'12\7FXD2^@0$*F?P?7CVRCXH2
M;+,N2W@+)#C

\!+;4J0KSVWR-<084$DIQ&&5*IM*@7%8K7'XV?.@&E
M O34**3'0-@'@4?+LMC0T7#CA<[0!H$_&A[DZ*U*XVW%VE$JMO+%*L7QJ*(

MA:X^ &*JUA!6#*CL5IHJ=&=B#6)'6R&7@B2YIV.GC@(4)R\V.@&]3.%+6%S!
$_
MI3;?&M]1(DN? *B!+@ %^DFG-3DXE%F;,QTQ99_::;0#CQXW=T& GQ6<!1(
MD;BO_#2:&PID KX\L4Z.=0&V$8#PZTTG-R=N/$9/A*.#Q3OF6QTT2A(1WP


MB/PMP5C]3XY([)K

M[LII

MP/X;S&]K]?L9K_EQ7,N0O.-()0Y; 22*3D YH6'-?O;2L)PDL5VK2Y=(

MNL08@FX..:&?

M;$*ZHH N-'7K4BVZ4!6&%C*GY[5.UJ[_1'E:;(H+Z#2TGI)'_Z4N$9
K=P
M#R^;R*VN4*BL%7C?CI@ J

KLU0K?%0Y K!$7RSH%B]
M%CDKF_)9^X^M*#R6A

:R1I82A








M9Z.KR9?1[!=;G R=LM!(&I!8*#BE9%D5(&9&NBJ4(]
3N!'Z6ZY;*P0&B(


M

W;3=
M 999<Z.,A:)DX1'5Q2K-TD.3!NA3,-@/TYI1L P?-:_D0A5Z+OCT?6]P$0^[
M0]KS_0!^ 3?J@U\0'J(W-YT\!!U[B KFHC'T7]-=OQ<J_H+-(-PN=(?090U


M3^5NDJ4L8D9VQ*_[54#[+'!B 68*V1H[Q5S!5P8[LA564.!6JI%+(! G7/:!


C)J/9'9CK7#R _YM_'LTFEUA3!O?E
[ M^2O(



M$9\
+@X%A1W&OA$4KD?3F?AU=/N5FO37T[O1W7@ZNH5@



^H)0[G-:</FNEQ@F;\=5@-&<C3Q


11UHG'3A@W'
YCOP2F^D=FJT@.O9Y-?)W=@
M#K/)^/[F;MI
#(6)-A4I4;\A:GQPA%7GZ@IY%O(2V#&!TAUMF)3II#IX?^

M2 (

+8 T\
M_5?.):

MJ39R!7GW2EI@%%94.N)A]/OX\V3\BWB8W3].QFBL^./-;/3E4MSGXJ\UV'F_
M?Z$ZS0OC;)(BN*1DN';X_/1G$ P KX)YM%^]!OB1KE7S#.;_*=N_AQU4I

MX Y5NL%AP




AH&B4
MST$^NRV
'[$C5


LQ6R;'2PHU
(07@H/#MN6_N8&0$HQY:U9I!B\W4




X\!R.%%@#+0$
)LK-:




M

J9B_1

02YFPZ_^527!\L8U$D\A5L

MSRF)0:)YA*IK&@=G&Y!_K5+R9%?V)91I[J(MY)/8.:
'CZZOIN-CR.SH4C:?


M%B6TWYB)'*@F]I+W\5-?P4@^CW+Q47S=]T/N.
2NY$(4\'B4[470X65LU7

XPLA49#PMU@[GSZ

G;Z5$'?';6E'4!U5#BOZ-0UFQK2I0:I@W%^81'V-'
M?E3K[3R#6!@D[UZU\K60.*)@RSB$U*P5KZV$=IC:B&I10);#+3F0.VU-KS0]




Z&(ZF@AYNB!J]=WGBW4EG

M\)E9Y]!?H?@8_


MS,__U!+ P04     .25!22^1'\X\'   ;$P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E
M='


%X%NC







MZ!E]O1#



M]WCIM?%[)B(^H=0*P5@N\U6ECI7'#EQR#(OX\(KRLGBDVU19C)C%[AT5
MU!!!:M]S


O40+26)(#Z4B

DFL&-VM










;$%F]\5





M[D
:%8EBS38CH&ED[
[[Y





MYE

=H@RG(
M#$R.D



MC33DR#;


MU L20+ NMIML8AO(Q8MU$2?IQKN+HN@#)8TM(A+I):DH_OL.*5FQVXV?^B+Q
M
O;1[V'
[#
M=QSBUB%VO)M CN4M






MIC72S\A]WA0$\)5PQ!J!6I?U((2RI%B5(+=^CS!]X&6)&2?6Q9;


=2
Q+2  NMB
MV^MNBR(RFLXXYQIJTLO25%;;MD4V@4ZR^9NE$T5\:Z*^C^JT&O'9:HUJ[I




XD6LZV?C:U&2,#\+&1^&/ZRG)QE?L:+(*<17'XCAU_DE&$UZ


\=




?ODQ0
MF=5IN]^N-^[D8NEYHWMV4H@%WJ/_O;BUM.HV*)G

M@3\DKMS&-[ G
V




M_A_)5*I&'L'8FM+H@$,X;@G!RCD_@NN 8(!1.A'V&O0JB/:Z4$5DN9+BEP


FQP-
M;D6#C\*3%]8\R0S=AB74 R+#.50
%[VJ:M5@_2H9DE'4*F)^R9!&%!7+:@4%


9Y G.



.\8@Z

Z DT%Z6.0+.JRW@I[5
&B
M_G;@ I72*MVH]VDGXF%




M965T



E


M'^2L_
 MO[HL]8Z5M!O:Z

MTOH@K:6OO73\AG04LWNM[

XFO[1L/.E4&(E[;O!


XFLW ^

;*^L+O?L


C<!Y'..*P^EHV#&Q34IVE)2G0A+<MD#\'(4L=\CZ_'RH6/6BFB9H5
MQ5:7:)!UR&[ 4)K4EA*Y('5/L)U)GH(C1%0XWR4?(ELL%(0^J09W*.7@*NA
MGT

*3S))!Q-9OYA-HR#KPI=-)?_
M%H2W
0S%%D;)H708%:3;#B0^J-1?'@'PC;?2Y/A^$P&;/Y))S&P^ 310PA
MQSNDJE.-#?%TS&8Q2C5!G'7Z[1?J93_H26#!%%47Q5$XFPU19L\P@3(
7#!-

MDK1S-$.2)7'SOXO4&G
&2[P9'^4+5FKA9#[%(M%5
@9WC$:GK.S&_(S-8.MX

L;XFE6Y*Z-G+/+\R(].-H04W']YRC]I<^CY'%+;GM%
MYM


6GAR&.
LP3Y4EJQYMHL.'51; Q2-


M(S1 )E=





5A%#@)78HX9X_*

[AI/
MJ4?FDW\G7

2







M4=%H2*
F*+0#RLX*66;BS)1.EW-5IEK95R<.



M EU4'\&H$*3+4
#.JI)Y#AWS7

GG7Z;0_:Z+E:Z'0A9MBT@EJ9




]3#!3L

M D9J=@*4%*ESO!/L4YIXC_!D:


C

^P0O0Z1XZD?J[FV-
D/Q-I7:G:[*]
MG.:*- -59$10-  I7J

]E7^-I??ITC,2<.C6/L_P;9^C^!AL<_#

M2HUMZA7U5V 5404:5U5WA']0ALW\7Y*PTD *9=K.47@NCWYA5PC30*#*F-
M86Y$F-_74TA^QZG_


VX%XV/:[V
M+=08?16T.$&5XL+FDLKQZU^?@%.'#KJ&^Z87(+V+7CVMM-O')?E *Z!'@Y
MRZ.'%2UJ'X5@-!R$IXE'YUF4],-H&+5X!H_


MM/=0
 9_ZCPPYZ8?[D6G7R4VW]854;*CU/6%!NZ4:BS2QB;;N'O9&&3T&#.W

/

MD3G1R/+I3(8RY(]2MT1M=9TDHKV^EWG-M::?L)1K?X9++==:N6 I=790VXU(


M_BM-JQJO=C6G\RO

-C7Q&_S.+@S

E6&#;-D67EN.N32\U^S]  &/5)6]8D4U
ZJK:N
MJEDVC%%3@PEU:).\
%J8]1)=&K5&:!(=VB5?$Z)-EWD3TT216]Y#VSD6OVRY



L. TT<?A6<RY)N!B$Y'88PY
__B-^'!^=_'AG#Z
B9O+R?7+G?Z+#\%HZ/./

38T+

CGH?;&F25_&YX:YTS!EPLE$;8T .]GQKCV








MS#N+_& \\H




+RLN&IPUV




?QT)^$0]I

M(]7@?$SSE6HFL&9C9.6FGI4T=

7C^)U!+ P04








(
T$&%/



A0Q






MOC4J$)^;?L12Z\.MT:]^J822N:1:7&*.024
1\*IU;V@I/J-1&'.

MDABE:32EQ/WEW2%324P\*2X0*
GYA+206;I9WAB;&=TPOKKKPWM)==*P-X1U



M;^
2\OF&.GQT;/P) THM&##]5KHW-

:)=Z $L7P02N7

M

X&AS!




\U

)!/_H7;'L6



MY:Q#:LB5A8)W:-/^FR]$YEOX3'$&9PP;$V*_+.&5XM^%'?#WMPL1KH*E5REN








:4LUY/)QG+





M2L.:?7I.FT$QPM;E!NC\)5#SYR_I5R1SU14C%PQJBO%@+C1IST#XU:DE]2&
M+KRA^#N&!C&YDH7)-+DL4I;N&N@AJB:T.(1V$3]I\6-BCLEPT5Q/^X_86_8
MI#IT]H8_3O4-UXF0-EM-_IPOM%%@QU]/^!@U/D;.Q^C_P_FD(=N+
UW2A)UU
MT&R:J0?6.?_P\?:2#(;D!7D[?W=-/L_?WUV2J\OYS=WUY=7EA]N;&7$!/+@

M0HG@=


MDBG&R$))FA+!'IC09







%**
%WV(K5G!H
_V\1!-7JDZG5:D=30M





'2< @  J 4  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

M$(;O_(H=GR%.G-!2)LD
H>FT!SY*@!XZ/2C6.E:1):./!/CU7

O!

Z-
M00ZL<&@H@/2_2J9RA*:_.=7!TCM8(G4SQHQ*
H03()U%*XBDU%06.N1]V!&
MOSP'7U
'A?QV?VJHPSAO=1UPP4%I!X(3013/$

C




[I^^WD4K??/B9/KO//_R<
ME46B4GF?UUNMU'^_%$FV=



9
M%[A$!/\\RK%

M4JZB

M]X47^N8%8L1[WHBHO(J*Z





Y^
MTD&38I@SHI-7Q3.XH&)C]0


8!NEX.]Q7U%DX
N^2R$M'T@DD888L6.)
M%)NH$!&(/2Y$+/




*_8Y%FYAOB)8LK7=#P9




8H]S@#[W@$(5QC;A *_@D,#.6M]+$ AJ02+2]*U+_(
MEM @9&@P)(-B< J:D &QV@.#L/X6*Q<E^C-V\]_3[D5OOL(()1:O J:D7
M3C






E/OXA/L[N?IW
;
6D


7




OP

8
@8T^PX&#8#T_Z




M55;F8DM%\6


J[HZG%-\*C=6=G@_R 'K.D 0$*+R<C%:L_6 M]__ $4





M5Y=4+$?3PZJVRAG]%X1V
0U(N02&+8
=6XG(8L88L0P8=$M
/_$1JBG&*H_+
M+68&




M:B]V=0!0

6

M .8+B/N[+I*X
-98OW1MM81VU7&=I)!52J_5,G:;V.J)\KKQB-[^T'AOR
M/GE4?X

M(%:X')Y\$JC5POBL$SQ0\\Y)TQ5


P-EA#\T0^07%4AMHP0K/3:T+YM8
MRSQ=R#@JM873V/@$TM^YTS/6!C






MT:&;$#EPN*10Q RQ/VAHN!\G"X6N;,A-?MH((BX6?JBI-5685V5V^=(

MM





4VL0UJPJYC?:YBNK3+Y-;L$P9Y/QW:?;:34[ZY?/
MJ/6 EL8[JC3@FC*UX=W0S@K$\DX7D'AMLZ5


MEEL1U; 739RL$A[S



M2G9$=;-CGMQ!03\+#2MIZME$+^S2$7

M
MGJ-JK)DE[[=
A]]!QO9/P=I]D+
PL%/Z[S:-OH/EI7:QZSO!_]
?X\&?\J
M[F=W#Y
Q^A3\\=-L].52W*7B[R4XQGZ_H7]D#609)%F$$LMB*;EO\?;T9! .

M

M&R&5@@758;DVELML%09FAAJ(6X. X%T:N.L/ -'*[QIR$$3&!'[@8?\$!I

)AN:

QP#$LREQSE8:#%S/2
MN#-7B'(2U1Z'L,NW4C\DEU:HE?I7G(CE65$*;9*P.
MEA45 5K]
*U&TQ)A

M)8N:SL9F:BR7)+G&@G*AP%R-V;ZEN$[[V#1[&PW$ %&JA6#Z&_LS$V[C
MD!D!#M0\MX58RN3=%/AG%)21)18%V-ZFDIX?.$%$2\5MUSK5%07_[N5Y&Q



M^:L++=Z4)#P..PJ

MY
0W!Q$-:J%B[E9*GN[B68/*'B0&#FMS2%?'


M\8B@T*6/)KH%OCED.(W

/KKT?PC(-NQ& R[


K



*3%


M31H8U^]5?#SKGAYP



MDN^=SKN'K@

MQ+^8R:F5ESPUBN.5U7[[.GWX0WR9/'R^NT+/:*YNTU03J[?D!FR4NH$4.P/I

X91U0@E'WCK#ESEU!WQ^T82
M; 0;1(K^C4W9XHV-4&TAK0[

9
G^
M:H#/Z




M[Q:R:


KYE)4Y

%$+S@4KO;
M9A-'_H*VJ 6_\'432#HN+OI\@'
$*.?[-&%'\BYUZ_2&9AU
4ZOQ3O-M&I$8

MHG


=[1!^KBF;Z*C(8JT

ML@)R5?H1RTTRQP?@[ZL



O






BT?0)[QB1LX6GP+!6]_+.R
8:


M4%_6.]G@GP=N(V2B&?BK)Y*@C#BX;K'+ @G2WC?Y'H3E9
_U5WDWT7F#



F!D#ZK^
M30;-4]BQR&X4;\PHLN






II4X
E[^_%1H+]
 \=
OO]
#^PK'H6_@8+X^1&*U=9\DD54+PD

EU

M

@\+:9AJ&)BN@
M$N9

6O$%N[ _FQ6&KVP9\EE!;61JB8:-O/@/)XN

AX.G$&?T@%?
MVD?V*U\[UK(6!BY4^5OFMI@':4!RV(BVM+=J]Q4.]0P=7Z9*XY]DU\4FF#%K

3 '8 

X

/L2[!?)J%%K.XV# [
X[
M1G:
6;D1M6V

/1\_



M9VLPH6F4TCCE9$)Y
J1)
AI\ V
H3GS65FWI:\@!6Y5)X5?!F([BB*:CA(SH
M!+LRB?D ==-X


MN 3].E_\ U!+ P04     .25!2\(







M8 $+CN!%0Z1PXO^-UX$;JLI5XKA+\O9]HH*HU_CIB(!Q.Q

MUPAR#G=*/@I7N=0XL#-^*+5'46U7GND5+_%B1&VG43WB:/JP1+B6S8JWSS__
ME+
%O1(2R@E-1@VF!EO38$.Y<U



MJ%B\';O?)CD



Z(I2/T[S[I '


M9RSP_K51J5*[ZC%'#0)LR!G-'PBZ@^9?GE%[L\?(

M'LD%VQDT7;


U

M:6=AJ

Y;ML-;-'^V:T52.*)4O






)U*K*
M
C&P3AP2;S%5
=P0IX0\:H#;Q(


@G (  $@%   9


2V['P5

MO%:ET#



B[S3PJK8YL8N!/-IS;?XB.:Y7BKR@HXE



M8/E266KWA7T;&X\\2!MM9'4$4P95(=H_?SWVX0PP#B\ V!' 7-ZMD
ORGAL^











P+GAM;+5546_:



M75@P+H/)R
![U@([CB66Z=()R
2I;A-=IO





MY%E^9)9-1EJM03MM0G

$^+/Z=)837?BUP'
08LY\)B#?4FL;S2H

M%_Y
M(



 =#U5ZXU5I9]D2V5I+OIE3A\B

  ! (   9

Q+GAM;)U66T_;
!1^[Z^P
C0QJ9 [#5U;
904+4O*BCQRTK(@FH<RK6K*@DTLZ"NX'G';@%9:6S
MF-FY[F8B5IS5L*%)*HNBKOCH&+S=SQG6[BDJUS;2;<Q:RB:[@_;6ZD#AR




\ @A806-U-(JORE&JZ



XQ^0

M0G]


@;

MRG
Y;45BH&D[K _I@A;='H8]
M*#83&]7%D^0F^?M1LNNE6V(L#[$DDX?GD(]W2K];')$SO!I9D%N;7E91B:
M-$?!3$^5*.G-6FG!+&WU)C2E1I9Y)\'#.(K&H6%#)*I/UOJ9*HJRPN)2PVF

M1*Z0KBB/5M/;@OQL
J\
G1@#5RX]A2W0P-D-6E9P _=
:^:R=@X7L&1[NA'I
M
RRULDU.:;G13
/!8H5ZI_3T!(GAQRF3?QY'3\^$7\ R5M;N!69IB]]0])

V3P
/.SP!2TI3Q
S 6BL!

$

M19B0#(L1*T@.W\2




MK1X%KU'P+E7P&P7_2
)*&JRI#U6Z*FT(
M,,U592TDAV\IZ,F;15U1B,5H05<YC6F(<XENPY5N:3YLU92D-*!/KP02F
GR I!/%YNW

3(:



W$41?4J'((&1ZM#5%OS]=;V9
M;_E'\$[%/&\63*9Z@-
6X-0

MT]/BMZS^HIZUV&9&;%^/2SAD608350T$P:PG)
XC /I)34@T1/#4^F  _#@[

]W
;8?NZ=



V-=@E ;60T_32W/=GL
M=01EFQGJ5X)3F6PH3&2_L))#GM$]BU6K'*+/G^_1GU^(0OR785*U.\:QS933
M5TQ#Q#8YX0+:MN)$&-4E$)(V#N8%'&MD63^:SA(=ASAF#OF-\0B(^2M)TTL#



(U
@.P)SS 0VQ]LP





D2\HN 




M%8T$%]U%6+:$'


M2P


MV*K1'ME
5D(\6^-'-?

MN:RP@KF@?TBE-S



MN6!

6


M:@&=:7&.:BD86KG./*0XW:]5DD9QM%O3?;\P(,XW%'LCT;1/H,_L5P3KA%



M-BYX;6R5E=]OVR 0Q_\59.VAE=;:X%]MY41*TJV;M&I1LVX/TQZ(31Q4#!F0

MA)LO*R$KK



@XP&3  34.Z-@A&G (&X?0!5J3N;!NL<;C3(H]D-;:J-F!
MRXWS-M%0;JNXT-)\I<9/CQ=U]8!8@04M.5W1'',-)GDNMEQ37H*Y8#2G1($+
ML#!GJ-@R8JT?&;T-RD Y@5XY/(PO3



5+ =\DH
T.F1A
MBDXJ?L[U)0CA6X %/0 S?[9'5Z?P G;HH1.+QS0Z\O^]\E2N23^.+%!U&X0


H]
;50TB&X@%$
$ ^N<TFM.7:Q+^W&
MK^?L9%$%Z\3+7A*??=_G[[//E^^-O7
; &3WK=)N$6T0MV=Q[
0&6NY.S18T



P]GS#*A2_;#[E)Q$3GT+0#F!2T4O=_

@#;K[C8+*2XZ\R*W9

M5OUE
%.SE6RTK*7@&MFY$*;3*'7#2J.DD.#86[:BDJ@Z!3Y[R177 AC7%673

&3V-TEMS ZLIC)#UEAO76IA
M6GA*;

1R'39X6
9_3C&MHUV)_/F)N-G+
7


MGYM]TGQ\\
Y\R[KFMI':

-=4ZP/H'6
M:V/P






FL 2YY+


RR ;^KF9
MSH9J8P67
-/$;
J2Z?T-+4;!7%PG'C@J[5U$V$VK-@*YF ?JYG&*&Q8EKP$
M:;B21$,QL;Q];3O]OL-7SGLS

M@4_??/J?\!#SVB27-LFEGB]YC:\EQ-,F0\FT2[2TA40388
&/ FK84'4A3
M3^K^MMN


D@H^7X'Y0+TCS
F


M



&ZI8HF$\%W2)AJ[68:S;-IU)JFJ




-UYQV=U1H

$RDFO*E*5(.)
A!

 R&=$$KCD261P3_G@.$5L/#6P\+=S092CU@CD:
MI&0)
YWZ357,[-B6@
B: L01P60^

0;R
R%97(*5@I@FQ3_9E(&H ;[
M V7 /M0@%

M'9A2V=8
IE_:.2_LV#OL_/!E&V&OA6S+MAK@X_?!)P? '=P$-U7 JJC95=3L
MG

MVU/25@VJG$J5\VY53;$K6+V:&K=GN=AI5N-6:MR]:GZ&@X(/GQOB3S%KJ\


M7

M0*O=50R\Z
V*B61IWJW
F52]3SX



M
2YX;6R-5$UOVS 
_2NL4,+=/%'/IH6CH$FZ; =L@4MNAV&'12;B87*DBLQ
M3?/O1\F.EQ9-L8LM4N1[CY2H=*?-HRT!D+U44ME)4+6UV%H\Q(J;GNZ!D4[
M:VTJCF2:36AK [SP294



MA9F6OT2!Y208!ZR -=]*O-.[K]#6


E_6G//4J-WS+AH0G,+WQN?3=4(
MY4[Q'@WMLK#;




M970T
BYX;6RMEMMNVS@0AE^%$/8B!;J12!TL!;:!YH0M4*-!@[87Q5XPTL@F





M(IV_*#@ /K:+$A\G^

=$


$%     @ CDE04F/F'%CD

L7
M+G*!)#:@++4]QVG9&:'

MYP_:N(S[EJ









MG
N-H6_4ZLD5_@902P
6FEK2 *45AII9O6
MAW95NVX/TQY




]SS'<)0@JT





B70MZ5
F@)?'GC8[S5N9;=\'H


MVC 0Q_\5*]I#*ZU-[/PB%2UL&I[J%:5=GN8]F2 Z(Z
;--Z?[[V4Y(:7 9
M+V [=]_[W-GQ9;CEXEFN !1ZK5@M1]Y*J?65[\M\!165EWP-M7ZRX**B2D_%
MTI=K ;2P3A7S21 D?D7+VAL/[=J]& _Y1K&RAGN!Y*:JJ/A[ XQO1Q[V=@L/
MY7*ES((_'J[I$F:@GM;W0L_\3J4H*ZAER6LD8#'RKO'5! ?&P5K\*&$K]\;(
MI#+G_-E


M+9D\UPY/LRDZ^W0^])6&
9)^W@:^:0*3#P)C@NYXK582?:D+*-X+^#J++A6R


M1S$?N:(


M=GNXN ^J32?;F3F*;[]Z/DU
T2)^M++


[
QWK

C@'0+2'V@K3(?
MUJT@

M+J#U6%/LGP:@3W@A#.;I&$K.TY(Q[FMW#VU_DX)%;C.



\'E'(PXU


5-F^*V2?XJ970Z#

M=ZM WVO0]0Z1(W0'5DC:\PL&PVTVB+MK&:NVARTWB#&E&[QSBQ&NX*\+.C
MN[I4%4??V1
WZ!.:0)G
UI(C-4=C/N=:\YF[B6Z
X=8@5L_0KX)-A116@

M
;=
2/



XK2.

MZA5VW&''EV

@\US8ZI
M^U8Y+;+(3YUWU/GEU!.KRL=/KH&\G?&\7RHQSL@Q?-^




'D
M[NEXA45]GB)+D^



9WB&
MXGS+Q0\9


M-6!V;

MU.*:9UFBH'J51#2/T#7/59*O61XF3**W-TS1))7H$Q6ZK)\AWY'WYYNT-M?
MW\VGAS0--.P-G95&2
]QC!Z /I8H@]YQ*(._

Z\X6I1# M2JA(:0[-2X8B*71W['+3/8UUGG,IKO



M=V?HT#]HWC!0(FQ9OVDF[0!=KP5;4\60IGL1X MVE0[A1#$43+37FS*9#B



MB7\
LQ(T[(%YZ5

MT;U
M6J



M)F:%OMH(O=]3X-6(^B&M\I*?H[PW SS[3Z




:
2$'@#O5YRK


!3]*U8$TB;1Y=D'4QII:X5  C:M


S./%%#2AIL;N?\(G9ZQY<LEU^Y+


M)H.KW)R1.'Q'HB *CL 7+X:'[_^&^^A%;TC4&Q(YOOB_#%DRG7.I&P7DQ\5:

MDRB:I?[NT
+!X+90G.N:YC#WL!)H4#OP
C*@*NE5)8.J%HU2:&0G@S.Z9IR9
MAV-*6J+)@9)DEH23^(F0P7BO%S+NA8P'A7R58I2_7
SXGVT)I[
@#B9/U P&
M?;V:2:]F
JCF8H?G:P-8A&V9_W/.#*CJF)QAMI@\ %5Z(*]IG]=TD

.+<+]FYO]!E!+ P04     .25!2_.T#(<8  #%






5&60CR;R;=\['C&


M
Z8R+I1)\OMFJ;3$/\B?$]2PHX:6&AVA8@:_;PD:56Q59J]L)W'J#=)TY&Y[



:9:5+9/+X7&
MKF^'&SQG09H7\/E*/T^



2YX;6RM5UUOVC 4_2M6M$FM
MM#6V^:X J4T[;0_=4*MV#]

P:
M);%/

&/I?U%VVQM!WLH7$O%D]Q81Y!$:?9D#WDB*@:D



RE(%T+(CIKLV8M-L8

!<TX-%^$^M2MHA;

&TC7L58]2VHA;VPZOAQNO
D[JV$#'AG4%<2OG& UP84]V$MDDYZ=XO9XO)P9H_
MS^;/]:4BNP*4
-F-Y(J)191*%

M F$6Z.]SSM5N8!P45ZWQ/U!+ P04     .25!2#(L](94  J!@  &0


BYX;6R=55MOVC 4_BM6M(=6VAIRARI$




MDI4U

M LV7\DJ:+]FVL='((FDC%:\[

MHZTR8VM&%4UBP;=$Z&ADTPVS-@:-;DJF=W&A!


#]8D8NWEW&

O
M^&7@



84:S7VDDDK$1&B&&\RL:2[+U#%


X4*RIDW]&W
MB?PR *8,Y/.84G$8J 7J;XW)/U!+ P04     .25!2Y(VIF0T$  !!#P
M&0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970U-YX;6RU5V%OHS@0_2L6.NEVI6[!
M0IDDB;IJO;D[I;;=4[G4[WP84)H )F;9
T]^O/-@22EKC)[5T^) 8\;]Z


G4UC+\

_HYOO=2:VZ-T2!
ERCKX0QH@ZF/?H WJX

 6Q+N6+L[U@O7B/@U


=_=(;_JF91*K4#52R+


QIWC
9&1@M*6*PZ9YE):H(RCOZ\!=5.?QG*=-*A3\P'HZI@X& N
M7%Y\@N21(&1'0E!.*U7)%
M

M::W4BR@VJ^CIK12^:J6)CX_W4B^:V*R:/]!+XW-ZJ==9_(;0GME+9C1S+[F]
?[,EI2N057T&F[RRX

MS8V-UFIH9LHX4T+?I3I.C6:*1T]+SF(0\G?T\'--U2OZ \WRJB*^0'8$^K*R

MBR&N _A:22DGW







^K$]O$K^GU1OIF204L6/PCN5F9@46F%-\UA^8;L/


XDA&(UXP048E:0&_O0-(H


]Y7'

^BN/N

M)L

M9N


MYF%O1;&O;8$^/%G.G/[Z29;B.&E30A^V[




.G&?/SO-P*J3J:[L*[KOTT_<

$664N6@





^5MBV*%JVE&DJO%?1/ ?Q

O+G)E;'.=
MDKENPS 





-47E2B.5

$%     @ CDE04H$Y*C!]!   :4   \   !X;]W



MAGC#!I4%;0TTU@WW6CWY__;7FV*OO5[K0H?GZ:#Y7JB!*+71I?ZI\NE@-!!^


M3R_R]JH#X*(8NFL-.]PB;\#Y(&]@VQ8ZAU_/Q4=92)

CT;Y
U6XD$S(2 G
MYX.4?HL@+PG(RS-=F[W%0%YQ0OYL?+:*._%ASJ+ZZ 53CMO;WO&KJBRE


!



ROB
MMFZ$U+:4#L;KG9/&RZ8LZ02/4L68VQ7!9H];6^3*^=]$FUCPY)D21
0LB$]2


[U)?.[C$F9:'D%1?
CC#GFTTG




M-VK?YINO3X7QDU0W[


CA\


4X*D$=8$6@MR
BOJ
MK01ZZ^AAFT!O1;V50&]%O95 ;T6]E4!O1;V50&]%O95 ;T6]E4!O1;V50&]#
MO8U ;T.]C4!O0[V-0&\;O2PAT-M0;R/0VU!O(]#;4&\CT-M0;R/0VU!O(]#;
M4&\CT-M1;R?0VU%O)]#;46\GT-M1;R?0VT<ONPGT=M3;?1VU-L)]';4VPGT

M


SXVH=XE\W9U;G2STG)@:#




#Z6




2YX


M970S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%*!O!$




M   ( (Y)4%(8Q8+#!@@  *\?   8               @3PF  !X;]W;W)K






  'D'   9

3


M:&5E='

4     .25!23@:I3'(%  #.#

M 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%*G0C
5CPD  !





YX;6Q02P$% 
4


WATG (  *@%



4     .25!2P:52

M=#(T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%)P7KM
H0(  %\%   9



M='


M Q0    ( (Y)4%)*\3*O60
  $P'   9               @5S$  !X;]W




M;6Q02P$% ,4     .25!20+2#'L,  #F!@  &0              @(&_

P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%*%
M:K=!00

M965T


4


S+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%+Q=A65:P(  (@&   9






O






4     .





M970U
YX;6Q02P$% 


M (Y)4%(



M% 





4     .25!2

4     .25!2##^0
M_.4!  !_(0  &@              @ %J

O=V]R:V)O;VLN

%- $    !
end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001493152-21-003836-xbrl.zip


V0@\ .C](%3
M3KO/W
OKZZGCONBOKO?-/S7<<;'V'MW0
M
TC2V+]_ZW

MH?O$RQ]X\8/$_W\%:09Z$/H)3?Z[QO-='O['7O_7]V?/MC[@OSD8#\?_\-VW







_^11PQT

MMX770
_'+T7]GI$W




M$E%&'


JEFT:%ZF
M^P;U



.GBTOK_Y/(=%




MIO1'4J2IRM%+45[W6QE:95VW:77-2:O;90%



E-29NX& \L@


M58M$ U).BT0CMU5)Z9X(8BPI]'
JP3/TT'T(7.?H166^JWN5E6A(RLE*-';[



NK
M#@_LT)F#JG@[

M-D^[R7G:![.
M&+4
#%JD(IITZR;E69]





HGUX88
=?N2XDVIG'4]

DN+'+K\;=FC2


MN/#(FARXSY(
N.58 ;FQ7HAY[0!7A]:S3?J^3P+_;
KV96W=GS]]83D_VMCX
MD@.LY$G%0%G\4W$AN_(



MMN=!G@7 MA@HE=I :9
I5*%U6!'@=+8BKR_IW4(!RT5:VW&=?WK0=VFRK^
M7S;D-?FY7=,P#^M6.$GD?

0
M
\&
]K].3. &7E?&B^?A.
2PS@NY!!O).XI[;M!WW0GZ&P=A\#TS?_!], &
M_O7NR6O


S=G6\'?M_&9Y-VZ2O+R_&D

UNG5?]X]M\$VSN;8J+S3$4L,F-[
MVJ$]=FX+4GL,UBCI;8I:]IA26T<%/BB&R/+(=XT/9QO2%KCAU?PH16JLD)U





M:%6TBK9?K=)*2:M+UDO)#=%]


Q.?GZ
!_LY\JMQR;&<@(TMPIFQ3#6!46H8/KQ
M)9WW#V1H^4#6[U


9J#;/F$4

M7:_X8-RZSHEN&
1&+4%
CK:2'I=


8CU@I=@1:UEH

M'






SUT_J$5R-&G.O%V@4@E&V5%22L
H$IRI@T&J+':E
M5#2E-VZL);EHBH+B]MAO6K ]:8C=[
9Y!FE



VJ0U1%;;4



M2ZO(K(AH&(\$7JJE-Y&*P-H15W%!CP_H K6JAZHPY
155'5Q2J8L):R
'L
MC2=/-\E8][X5S
_UO#JJ]J<ZM^2<+;0%[,3E[

MOE8FZ*2(73FS=;#8=B7JQ9:YKB)HW6ZW#/4OED-O68IWWZO'28!P.N0[WW %


MN3*ZU!I58


M-E'_\[[FH?.BNN:;MYT/G1.5%L)Y__K F% P$*G*DG($O:RJ_C/1K4/O^YM3


M



SX UBGV2]23R;.P(7E3UQ?MS][;CB!-^!O9(8%X
S9F:_5JTAX

MCA^DD[*C





MQPJN+?-


W
MTA%;9-QNP#:#LRF1+NRQ5+ENO*034@_J!C$K=_?POOFC7.ZZ]L

M#F)-&P_\UONR=B]E=WW)4:P'/#(U]&:'8U-\JEX[ 5@;OF74?7#.3C$NR?9H




)U5?_X?NE17SB#19Z$IKC=@E

M6K]NAT&59

,8,P3,N;-<//?($L,YLU_A6.;X3SOX..'\8&J37]X-
MX*4/G






;!.YX]C2*



%[ZG/BE\MRU]8






M5&UFUMW5!K!$*C
MFK!F;GT:^+H-3YM11LU.O=B#BYTD$TJ6&S&ACHN[*:8V






P];J)[VTF?;(C\2YK0Z0IJ*_RP% B]






(V+E-9C
N]K7^$G HK/H

;*7H9);X,?6BV3W$W*[H
PN@*[C*:JQ5
\

MF&9(N)\]V=NX+GC*2R2VW21GD75A99$3N26-Z4/?B5Y8W&C7FAPTM%SR$M
MI9)6!XTK!G^71Y
?H 4

X
M$E2PF9HS3/L.CB?#U&X:-&+3H*EQ9WH]/9==;$K:08T(/M9@R.\J]BQTNJK6
MZ?5JSZW.?6;&=0=B5<[FK!AJ/CX_/XYW? 3LS^7A[4/-I5VYDL+'5D1.FI7

M(T4;A

MK=Q-##LS5E:'ZU='UU=%Y5^($Y*SZ1?]?ZYW#NK+'1///YL^D(GKX9'9CV1(
MKVG84[P^-Q(2?6DY)L$&Z;DG3&VF#RKA6











:




T'8KA#




I%E^TQ/V_LL(UD




MJ ]QI\4/)Q
;_-B:



M\2N/;3]9_K=#.P+/'?79[?W=Y]N3[G+B[O+V\O+F_/_WC#$?[^9.*YWZVQ


2T M!T_C?NU0I&T)(_(49 L00N
MYP)ICX
73)(BXG.6S]G6V





%T Z+C))*&MXP1 2D !)G&
D7MU0]OD1CH\
MI7

M
D
8%MMRF(Z+!=U?

ZD!;(^H/?^MV
16
M^(X


WOUOX0&P]P'
#O&#ZY.F.

MG1#]1]+6 -Y[9/]I%IKE1CK& (=H7'-6X'



M^O8;)L
E:=E6( J



S[J*1[F(LQ1Z)]Y#8



M
7V.^52@[$TN!(W#;!5;]W';O\



M79=A1/
GML*@)[%50=MQP(I




M8U/O:RN]

?Z
/\
M_.;Y0
]0W\?RM%D=E=RMH9AEP[MK&U#2

E)_MGW!8.ST5HNMEQLN=AR


MX$V8\84G/


6U7IQ?GXEV(I]P9U1SAQ&5WX$88K.2.W.AZ


<WN8/]&6S9=X8IG$^G#A&B$V<06$


=6AD;K[DP


MD_5S6COB?=X)$YY)\$K(3-FDQC3!T.%8.U?DV:-7-@HJ2@'?HW= CEV37@_9

MLA?70.PP


!

M93MH6OC\D;%N%+

MW2!48$##HRAXEA%=ONM$]^'.K7^RMCC@J3I45.68]@A5J?.R$-CMDXO@?R

=H0/DI

MPB
V'()V+MBT'?H19M? @AEH@QWLZ4/222YN9'



]%O_\2O7Y;NH
M()@_E]8YL\ 9?DN7




M8;[IWO3*LO%V]&KDYEI9)'
? M.-*[#:@PR)OG\WH
WR\HG$OX/EUF(_?'V\

_ ]N$(&RP]G9#\YALDYA

LZ493
M&;)G*S)EG24H%:VYUU)EOG49%A:F&W&*
!5'6:%S0S@.U(/8Y@(??!_*
_




MW+A^KBB5-?7$+I@9*5MOUGHYNF6UQHDD=7E97D7XW[_U/UQ8N*/Q'.(

MA8[I(\&+: ?D/)6V=V_K3BW&KR+3:5.!?


M!HOEH;M
W_6OG?0SEF-8$YLT.'E4XDXPTGYY^W3S!W?]^/CU\H+KGY_??;U]


M
S&2:F-[G&WIS[AUBO'1*$D@207%D/0L0Q1DF]E




W&S/B*I)JA.!#6MU8CKQR1^Y7G6U^QINNQV  C-.S(<(:
M95&E,A:!8U/?HLR/=[0RR5:@WVV.)8_$/$5(T5[D[!U$DFS=H2R8F'KWNBP



!#-SZ W/H%66)

VGS5D#:N_/LNS8#*

MAV^AWY9#LQ-9[=J+;MGTPMF(9^E0#&59CI=4@'&G%
5302ZC!DMFH
GT)$PQ

M$VSR$


M=%B8V?I.#]1Y\Q/WN*ZU2'2 T.$UNLVW=QUP7 S.\K4!ZJ2Z&;!E_;TM6@U8






LGMDWSAV@F(R:/ZQ;](3EN4D^RDZ;1

M_!'A*;;T5^ABY^APL%


^8V$:S0J)NAN]*/W

MX2/WU8F%DJ(I
U\9;C!U[(\BYQE)(*G'25<SQ1L*'9].EPQ*(%6ZQP

]$AYDSZ=BG.DS?CJ\S-E1





O)%D'O7I13N
VZG3C;+7
M?L;E:?2NX$@/4PQ




]OP






MLZ8MO&H+KUKD+?)F1-/:PJOMM;VE^@9)U3JR4O2DX;;
I!V&8QZ&MO#JC0S%
M@=NZRU(BVGRY];P3E%Y'T]0].05-



+7\CXF7@'B%S


S60&^L1_;3L;O4G=@5%I831=.4;FG,
M$=6M8:[3#-HMN$*2<H!,WZY.60ZNF$X1NK*L*HWAZ9KV\XXNKD8'R+7*]I8
M*2QUFO5
#Q0C4AND;?B8VP%31 H;R
-=R5@AW2@KHB0J.V/0-E3?=L$4$;(F
M
K&BE#T&KO'MVO=#8EZ$GN4




MY(&

M


QP&E%

M@XKZZ1U]K_]P^8A_O_NYPTT\%YPGL
('KL?9=! E_L+OEK@%E:W'
(4DM@
M


M?
YR4-(1;=2A#I!TR
 *_ [G@4  #

:P %V'_HFQ .03M A
MC)EC8]@-G_!!2 ? #)-[GE)L( C EGX C^C08I?_

MZSEDY_[#$


5(14
[IP\*E&0
4,%I7O9A L); )DH+6IB4AW+Y5PCK_A<2C%PSUCF_N0'
J9D!AT$A
M&M6G



M/%%XH;LAV+YMNZ^Z8Y KU[MPP^=@$-I]PZ#^[0

]L@ B




MAM!*;Y]U5:W74VJ!%O-ZND'*0IX =V51D=3E$!?IUH.TM*4LR(J@=H5-D'YU

M%

RSJZIUHQ5F;?MU@4FVC^[O

MAFG5P19!)\OI$

@%4AW WZIDM-O$)%Z+PB:W+A3N%  +=9I9MNG]'=;G@:=QOWT:-E


MI20V E
L4T3NB5+:)2X.)D\R-V*
P(/DI W\I10V@5)PA[

M 2.TP&RO!U0A)O4T7A
TJ2JH&Q SL#/ +;*]V@YB8X#)9'%U]T%):5)TK@

U(*9U5 %J1WJ13

MB!*4/5\/Y])^\)/^_2S*$ZZQF+(XA:J5E
QAA[8OO^OCJ-KWGCBZC3%K7(XC

M!
M;Z#M.J-LT8[*
?YKH(J()$/Y(4X87QLPO7#8Y& &4]#5*4Q+H1#
$[G
M!%?$Q1).EUH"_2!;6$Y&$Q20G,&HHU R]3:2I0OKPTFH(:0X^*)8;U]@2


K^W(

MSQ@I0&5S4
4B %VYJY4&-;_P)Z_




M@ZQ&+-T3(1XK]CEU4%+HX6EF05(A\8F)E[@M

M)2*N%XQ %-W



0Q



3D7(=P



M)ZX\':

+OI@.5+O[:7Z?J':=&=&GYR<G+8&N-F#*E<4L5V3TWNE&%Y(I

Z_DGDJ=I5L9W3II7KT(XXEJI;'1&SGQ!GHOF#YY.OBUU)

M@V4.

MHI!VT
.RWKBD\9JD[;J'\2W)M+VZ!TV3YJZT*0MB&YTH7;]7=R?F]$;J48OX


Q*I%I5U%5H34X;(%Z-:%M?3^


M8/KNG\/@(])XQ@]?'R^YNRON\O'I^DO_Z?+Q _[R_CE^YOV$?OJ'($7_V@4V







D<4..M3%FFC^TH_T\G?-3C+9 YF47!P@P_7



MUC^[N6S%DZ2.*;Y6AVT(5T)F0RS-%

M*GO+H?D2\?V!N+*8T26(

MT&2/.+26+)W1TFIRDVBKXI3[

M?]R\QL?8=&2]3)'W@0.HZA



\GVNE598:T%<)&%4Z6A8+AATN/Z:

R(])PQ%3$T&'EN. 33$H?.&]*N$MU#H8NLODAX

M&_70=O91?&
)3\E4_!@;^=2DL3 K#64_G

M17]G80H \QRH/7M6A_L5

1A]H5N!'[AE=#.\$)[(^

M4?0Y1 U





!@;J:@^



: -?^;YRI3
Z+@A


A
(C[C1

[
;
*W#&R.JP$5/YWCN<N
M[(X:9@F
J
G.=8ZQ%@P_


@*3P4;JK[T!RL&2E7D^7U/D&5(J+D:M7

M!A6)J 



[.K
M-:O2*DS



ANH!M@J^6QDAA+[4R7YS/Q<<5NB115?BJ2NQ!PL7#&-J_][EZ


M


-*=::3#V3=ZU*7FM<RA
KQC2<8'T.OD4=M:@CSHJ/HII%&B#/+B*IY?R@)!SLR]1P\].@%(E&A3
MF:U&]Y:^,Z21&?!AS_G.7PMY(& NSXQ2WZBK!'7I8)SA+[-;1G' YN4]LWC

/A!&FC&EL21E4X2
M&9
.@5


B
 F3IY2!M:0:\S\\T(E

M&U7-969/(+-=/3LU6G=X*D$Q/T#UM1V8;C.
2)
.L.


M6+



@+*J=HI(;4JS04R



P%6LO1T8@.&O$T-


2X)%X=--


M-BK





K



M

M:=P:TR0#'P
.0R8+/C&1^40U%WG[BVDY8M(TLQUL
$7U

:Z-\&([Q3<NW)T
MV&VVK4YKH\D@K\;'^C(..#5JL1-UK;P_VT5OJP


M;;E89M)2.OYO0[6M$-D^6S []I6756M:]6;[V66:5G;.!4XC':E3,M:NT.H
M0Z-RJ=U\,6745JZH7:]8=FWS=E&E]#N.+G1MXJ;]+XM.=.V#V]L%  E]8Y5




MWY=C



-U


M?


M(Y6QL;WXJT_JC:I5J[Y
YO#J(PCE-2FO27E-GB)'T_H\\ZOG5&HMP^H++
K:

;QI

;SD8R@+KU[)41RYKKLJ):+
E_LY[NQ&



3MS9#!Z#=3XY_LB#'S](B<OV@BB.KD$5&3X4<_J7

M=@W!C?PF_40*Z82^'(DQ'**(%!'@+#
9*)(08R!%H0;B5./3F
X077%[Z$

CH310X3BT8N@[^^;L;3]+U9F$P2H:QB ,Q!!BJ0SAZ?O[4-X[
7UP




S!T8G*Q\ P
G8&0*IP+^ A@
GBNFG

::;C%=H%KK?X+H)SQE(


RHP6U]SE@0$T\37QA
YW
9 .
M

G)=DH8FRT!V[0R5Z\ G?


+F!3'/Y1P9#VG)^3]&
[IPD 'H[?!%?
M.

M 7*(-2\0'/=!$D[!\



MM49Z=5?8E)HNM G

6M$;*/O#
M$&7J&(C1^J$5TIGQ);1S+V@YB!^ :7B+K'H

 03!I\CL.)X_O2
M4\PHM:2 :^%.$1])9&5%(%KI$1@HQ%^7 P)<8!ICSCVW4-PL5H799[KT[0
M&16G=_5'__WI0F.90X(TAYV# H77[]X+!G104H/0NE\Q8NJL09J-]^AD1R
MA87$M0VX&=X8P8/1)%_DBWV28*DFHBK\-[QW?]C=D,*-6\)=P2X%/#!_WF
ME[/;,W&/\I&N'=[LSTX(LM-XTB9@4/ODJT,O&C,68*-#5B[4OB@VH.ZS8@-
M8%5A
L

8+! 773@6O2T]DO*0@14XHW

(E#;0

UF2+:
M1L$P04*5:+L\A('GD92.T






Q%QZMY
ML







MC'Q$/SF\
?.

=HXTFD02-1W@NK1L[/R39



MX(HNGY0@OY-@'Z1$


/N;

MP3*&LSLUZ0BX
$4:2+^F^\
Q?%3J-99F^&?MD$!
IS2E'^.3SUP:%VSU&&D_


NFH^G
P

M1





M;30'FE4NCHPQ^$YA-:Y/BY(!1F=5F0\@0*JB(@/!6*KZ*

^9




@Z44 Q\C^OV3'K.M\!S8DXU<GW*%B9D#Q//56=[:MF;7=SR48@1WQS





M'\/3BV*7P:'NX$F!GW17V/T5EJS4Z^F2.E. *F4QYO2J0S
+9(/3Q):2C5VM


M\^2^-R_3$PSF8SG)
N9;=-05
^9[X+#AQQ!DE
C+K@V1]+I#A[;5;+6M3F=K
_-














Y

?'KUJ.OG8%8I7

M33G


MJ5P;XI_S-!(_P^&L5CK!!\%)Y]M9R

M01C2;



KI/C2%LQ@O0PG;@CRPULZYHPB*U
M1$7=G37[7CHDU
E



M
5URQWG7@VD!B7SOF_03)'RVZ:CLD^:?F6&W8[@8IU$L9V(:C*2'6B(J8L/0


MR


2PSA

M!A=6BDO0









M6@UE
\2 AIN+@&/E\[643@Q_







X ;
C?W'Y
@

MS



@K'](0B1
M2Q/&#)EG'*JK \BLRLA77P-&!DP./@
\$(^%*!R;CLD)E(U%

A)SJD<I82IC,P+D8NB3^:7PMRDI?N%\J-)LR8X<]HAD82$-DH.*
M  ]HN5(

M $-L3+
10X;X


@K1&EFJB5PHP'


7-WN)P6J\%5%-RJL

$T*0G
Q#=5J]6F=%
3W7]3LZHV#7Y_+%'P9_4U
M%AO!:2IJ!

;7PIG_[




MB@Y#T04COYJ9=8#!%\MWM)XYO-^T^#Z$OG-Q'ZN2F^JIR@^=*47ZS(ZC8=






MUK&JC8KN$\!E23/''2&F





MAJ;..R




M


M

9Q-@=6K7'W$6Y6=2



)
M+M=BJTEAV=S#^6;C\(8.#^
DWDC-#.M?6
*=3N7(93LWH_U/9/I) -%QC(2
M]4YN&00B^]DYASG5'5#97+75MAH5DX[(MG VJ3*?9:TV9B
:*43-R(%'W8?


Y]=D#Q=62RPEP#;V^MJ
M03P/W=_;F
IIEFP5Y#


)Z'$Y

F38Z5 /
_#I!J_[

@;7G$]F$
Y]4


$UKX\8-V
SD7C7!=&+LM/K 9;AC-17$/#F7


Z1+504SX554-A9U+0$[(?QDW)!7Z&S+A5N



M-YN


M7A

MS^'K=P$.VUZ

$:INX XK$4'?L

M7!!2B=R9Z/NDY4:FRRE;9





2C*XH @TSS7KC  DBQ6R.
1886TWZ] ;1
MF2(P^J/JAZ[K6*/LU[*GS,3H3+'.9C4AFY.FP^6+AE!/@N]XU!;!, P2;\2$
M#E^BEL2TG\=P)<



M
PKP)]]'/CQ

M0 ^PQ!\N;@26)R#NX/1@C9M)


C@7K16P[4

7^
^4/.D!3M7I/1BMT2)'O8
M

ED*L
 5B IJ#OA
M



MH:E49@


M.:


M^@NU0&+HA.$#D


M7.6;]!

G4MD\K=AP@E9W:E=.:
M_;?_W8^KJIS&4T[CV4;,;DL!WK)/U-&@[D7UB2JG\12[S4\YC6?+$<=R&L^S
MT\G+:3R[W]'^=EY.XRFG\1PH-;.<QG-\AU=.XSGE


:3QF.?$V.=C]?V@NG4C2D=




IQ@W06G
MO 3 F20:M9BB%F&XK^N-7$L HSH3)SJOH5KY#7]M_FG_]M:CT0)A0[KUA[
M
 '(+57JXGD/6'


M

MAH=Y49#2J*'02%
=4R27\R!M8'];(@^J]@CQM

M51*#2V#HQLGN+%V_HN/8]&J5&D:8$E6&G J:+L3TBJF&\.&AP^^/)/P:
M=%J

@W4-?/D29-!P!AZ9VI?
P\^F&IGZ'4(VTFE8+
MQ'ELPUG!S4&:QF0T?8/Q*&.5*2BY.H(^'CP6#$Q%!;VB-9@7RZ@R3+)0T.=
M^0@ ^B/*S/SF CJ#).(7I'I048(JNZ!X/&@-_KVF42JL^@X!9YZ^OM\]46D


MZ.M+NA01_(XH& OOX_!E%G*0BG8ODD=B*;LB+I
ZSH#=))./8YIKV20^




MQ668QG8(X



M1MWL6-6Z8HRVC9RQLYEA]GKH]&=M%.?1[:@6;UCRD6FT2CH=-3
S;;B4]TN?
]8#7@C(<1(ERBQ8^:.!$


W.)$Q: $GRAQL11
YT+D41PF
M] TXG 3=TP 6;I@ B$3\,,,\06 KF'2#C5+(DI;8.$AQ.]V+4,&,VSH3?V9(
M3GO0]56/U*,F/N-05T4\]5,/,0( NRO6Y;[\[AE7I/E)*L86J8;UJ-ACS


'.R'K^790W8CNY
M%_MEWJ-1. 4C



M(SX.VVIOUNMZ'=CW6&AQ3N,FMVTZJW'



MW@1_ !CT5#/)9?PT&)7JE&5

:P1D5=15QZGB6:1XV'Q0Z@GN%&.7^@.J
&)

.1

M\




^92OTR/B#V'?9HAZ]6Q9R%R?$?ODZ=/YT

W!\[!X+
S^M4Y&UWM/TU!EC

MZ


(S',@Q)9;(Q75(QJ,34<I@$,/<%97(LN62PB%@C]\E-WY2)KO#D1P

ME'A.1



YU
M60@Q&)U-H


MCCT2Z3E78E?OVZ)Z):[R0Q7VZ]7JF




XFUJY%
MS]X#GA/5 W#4OH2..7!2%I(^LNL9]2TIW6OFJ=GS9^Q[)^L3SAXP?U[WV$#4





'T6!;MA2^D6NV'S

MZX[@Q.WO.H3I0&%%2FXSG-V






KE@
MKB)E09%_]6*\GBSJ'1SVWASL/PDOY;0)$ZD:FC$1X[5@POI9$A
7H@I)_NBE
MV'49L'[DI$(-JGTC8A_[@8A+GLE-^?
A[=E1M%KP4^/+*76Z2A;S2B/*OO)!
M]I6#=\]DIATCK;G(=3YUM)&OF_?:+&+\1PO[Y&F&G
O$1 MNLIC)7\_IO\7/

.].K:]Z#0CBJGM]


 W2NR%/-+.OU7DU%KREQHE0=F2N;K6QO/P_?<31']K



K7:0;17L_
E5B]_U
M5/7;9*(TE+?LA4+A/Y]38UXW



Y2J3DQI ]A.,Z8<WR(?WD:




TXG@$I
\$BJ#)T8ZPMD'2





7G
R S_
W^2LU8#K7)3)
M<4=<


MW0[2M0 Z=/X


M-

3E




M--9VS?;U%.(?S.7S@HNES]:XZ-/8 +IF_A)Y1!0W88J%73-9]:6@XK[]!JBN

M%R(_'IK%C$TSI*Z%_(5QC^-OV/=+QRK
55TS'%T#*W2F0F'73/XOF)I
B;I%

2S[Z@UQ4+1KUC
?^.3'!_[^MU]^/DO4$L#!!0
M   ( (Y)4%)204BO*A8  +
G 0 4    :G9A+3(P
C Q
#

MV[I?'X OD2( -B21@).IW1E;0C?Z!70W'HV?__RZB+QGS.*0DJ\'1^_&!QXF

M_/DP^[9LVFKY^LBBLH_WAR4Y%6;^;:AI7Z
D#K_$&7F7U$=)9FB=W7C*%N*W


%D)E;%%1C'G(D

G


_5Y.F61J'?3:D9DCU2?X=]KK-H=1''*0YJ


F:[M66



O353]Q 
@


M2$\2




M:?@H\M


O



M\K!)=10%
62W$]JSQUY@R
M9*UMKU2 %:-CUCG-7-
  %KJY-MYQ158PT4NSH5QRD=SYN)T\JDYXX3F3M*
MV%*A#LJAR*TCU=-Q[:RJQ!U(3.+B)&4Y'T<HCL-9B ,3_1F@<BCJZUJL7R<


M;3VCJ^
XH;2Q[8Q4Q*Q=497Q:IS%I75Q$0G;1;VLX@P I1







MS)
$A$Y&L
.+J'M0NS8P\TQ$GW'5V]@V^S:]VGFR'Z6[IL2*E\+:3C#!VH5X













M6U:?X%?\+T*49Q3A;/](.$(_X3Z/?\'#E^8'M9:WF(7BB
=F;%^4Q#E_];-U

W4SL\FV*


9\X 3ZS\B






'$XE_
4
M=&?W-++E)G\;97:!VTY@=U$I3#3.*7:X.K








DLPVY\A





MO%
\F88P@?2'K.//WKO7[Y^\@P.#9K_!*
#DZ]WELMEQDDP_'QY^__[]=81G
MX#LFS_%K'T_

M7X94EC.0T&+TYQXM=G1
_^J]?SAZ^_GH^/.;H_\S[#
!21HO^SQZ^7AT]/Z(

CH\/CKJ'?[O]=6]/X83

N6Z:]!LJQ0+/SN
M


QM)&R09QT*=E@I+L

ME.]F+33:%R_U771*JN6JLKD-FSK:G6]FID!-*@9JL6ZQE

MP(?@+S 

MMJ(0:BK$+:EI*Q VM9?[YRG*?&:;YQ;6 QY

M 47WC2F






M?D;






M.'=E2UGB_HIP7K,;DYV#X2[E^9&7 @*M_ H-4Z'#+:4$;N4](. ZPZ$ X"
MR^@43%$0ATYRFJ/HEG;




M


&8_OK?*819RR
M]W NJ!*R4+Z4RK$ZT%)M-K(C8#G+3;3N_!AH3$C9/E@UP:#R4IA=%5+.8\


M2V WUK%5-6]1SX&MDW(+=;RQRIEOH;R_+3ZU_E9.G1RR)3$W5L8J8F8-MRVD

]:6L&^L
ML


MI[4-*SNM]BHR&%BZW;^#MMVEB*63K:UB-_8'7OL#KYT]\-K;7C:=IGO;:V][


M4Z%K%2D[L!(VQXW+:]O6_.UZP.

MUW7$DSYSHR%HZ;1=^^ZBYK-B]MXYIUTI3*D^W]EU$RZ2O
Q9_H7\WI(8DIGJ

M-)'S!'J'B9W Y9=AP?,7U:;(:NT24+ET*]6H S$E_AC$U)ZY2).4P'B!






MKVX-=*G:Z_H@Q!GS2K=Z90O
-\SR7:Q
8W88Q2[L@G#MKK6US'EUFG*;IBU$



8I.Q]E_S'F%UZC6;L


4ML[NKX!(0@\B%5:'[5



L-
K-GHK-N&T1U=*):\;2PYS?%!U@
M'I&M2W




$
ME7%WXF^AQBSA2$%X@@G!WRD6]OJ+V*:7E797SSK0TDV*10M^D5ZJ?%Q9^%9Y







BC\TF]=E1%@52R$A\:]';?PW\
M
160S/M1P!;


MG*70Q2H/#-; =W.2%.XB=6]+*BK9BMBKP92A


MCQC7T;DS550^O^TZFJ;B^:TRC

9W#RM/4D1=T2S


S@ET$?9FX-P&D*NVHA=O$H2] ?_

M8( 









$KA/20SY
/+NWO=


MX7;3OET.PO
7

M.#ZE5M)\B

(FW]\/*
:P\7[]!0
Y@[!
T30H;YK*3
MMD9#[A*TA3S2A:W9&
]$CJ\?12D(K] $)4#.5Z4FG&:JNB0&!X4VG4V%7*D#


W?6


MX$@9M[=6ZO&3V_H4XI4I]%.SSS4FR9A:0%@S0C?+/?8LA

MU$+-7H

F0%.@)^D('R 9*(. I'7


[CC@(&X?G+E Y5A:M26/SQV-*]
M(.:AU'+8




F5N-(KX&Y!FR :9]@N1U
MW&=)AUWJHK6=;MJ'
(@OJ-S\^1^ .=_IRTF25G&?(PUT&44?K%+T!49T@@Y9
MN$L:
Z/[=CC(K&\ZUFZ3

OX_-KGKZX^H
M-3VB\G C'#VE8=YM\3$TJ+]W]&51TFJ9H(TB

M]'/NXPA/D'\&IZQNY
^-XAK?]=9%7S3DK5K:1S/NHQE_]&C&:_ [)J=IG. )
M)+$\C%%4SM$C0PG:3AR#1CJ_ 1

6[#UQ4:!:;(.[F'+!3&IP\

8:P$U/1$*=7M#-BI%2!05MA#=64:L




DB/INQR= ?Y







T#2'3
M
M4B[1L4&CT!N6(&S%5FE9KTX:'95UWZ4]P5^IY
M@M@D\Q9
IB.975Z=*TT)7
0Q.?_3)E=8.0U?+ON



MZA
,SJ.\]\
M!3%D/-J]]V7A2LHO?!*+<8.C&1^B?-#&#S@!8?%W=G?4#4Y^@\D=]/$H4MON
MK77I_&AI5W+9 M<+.-  
3!?3J9 #*_'?+?LAFP[R=HMHJ.$ =%O#

M5FKF_;IF6#6/U_.*W:[E\


M$IJK*



$%     @ CDE0
M4@;AI$@]9@  6H@% !0   !J=F$M
C R
#$P



2G3(O_WKUY_^^HK
MA/.X2-+\_M^_^GAS.+LY/C__I55E=15N3XW[_*BZ_^]__ZO_\O1/_GW_Z?

W^4IRE&2;HN%BN
M





$EG\B

M?_MN^X4IG/K'8W38S
83+P1?D@Q)F@(P(
M:HG@U6^$-:QT(8B$)/I-R.ZGMM\3C'-+92MD?-6U%EY3U9( B)K6H1I6-)?;
M=3TK1XJ25)U1@O[7<(2@?_K]0_2/@ARORZI8TK%:,2[HA'S0P0R0\4$M$9P0
M1EA#1C0R^^SAS])'W&+1MGJEE*]V;X#8M'R%2/J-N
:UC631*WH?MO_Z)GB
M

JTSHAE3BLJ@6




 *Q@TV\I-.VTW^NTVK##GJ+


A

#&'T
MV(:4:21!DF:6)F;ND?9590FY_EQM$JK*#-/A\PZ7J=%+O![TR.3 AARN:4



M#H^W.JA1VN\)^W41E?0[;/-)ORND$O*U+:0'V.P+R1+!:6$)?4N0I!O .ZN
M9]%&ST3WE%TWZ]4J2[&^RK62/N-H#%[P30*
1 

&-3A=5P:=2( XBYN*8(




M.U^(CVIG?SI!7Y
_



M11IC









ME )!&R





MB!\$WARC/W^_NRL0RHG%[0
AWTO39_8UPI=NY
M.:@%Y]YXK-(RI]8\0%Q7Y(IJM \0#U[8XZ[4^7)%BD<Q\=#V4HA7YV3'F#3



MR.FL,]E'/MBFM^W]XWU:SFMI*\%G05JLZK3B 6GA!V;B@ULQWXK'O;Y#'+



1NDLO
\P4]_PQNM


MH#@*

#)UUVX.!+RBF$[1[$C(5%
M7O\M+S[G-W2E6^0X.2_+M;3YX#O=TYI@=V?6VJ$0;#(!:%FKLF4#C\Q+=2H
M(:$7D$^_%-DZKR*R.4LS3%09G31R?OFC@=GGS4 ($%_4R#0\:861D ZY8A6=


N.UF6:XU(_- VD_#);'/

MI.E(AJ&
!%5-F%8
(%V&V&QDX2=*.Z/*\R.?VS3/\\59FD=YG-(F4)0I?ZA'
\=QE#M(<L'36UIH.!3R

MBAJ=%#[Q\?KZ]/*VYLU/
&AS')7LS7OV?]C]W


7\7MS5@;7OR:[_1T
G12@Y NP

@.T9I
M3V&-$2L6=





%LA=
M;FA$P5#%C$\*#^72:

M
+2R0I0?PA0*G9TML5
:+8[H 3BT!T&I1OWV@'FR_]Y/EP-#+ $YZ

MIH\U=SQ*29_D



MGD=
H2%-B#3+ RO)'/0 +-_
=+

JO!XPMZ









M]-:NPA(

F(%. TR11:RS!8?26AH&
?5VJ0.,-@X:Y[Z.2O(2;&^JQ;K3'Y-R'+_?IP-KULQ4]SK;=
M
0!F5C$%M;29T]C@JYVDML)NXG
S0.C;W1?8IBVG_\XP'SGR9-9)L*I-H:XK


&=@[P+O^:TIQBB$@.?0M

M4
5#*B-)H%$+3K0_<1C4A
M#9IF/8BN% 
:SC9RI'72#!3T-F:

)

M




MX8=OWZ)EFF4L80U_M??/G3^D.5JD91QE:(



M 7?0\_L8F*




M&_6*MLC+([PH&X?U,/EZ1-=7Q0D2?.(;,XKOQ'9=G9ZQ?#3=CV4G3Z:=Y.


MW# D43#S43

MB*7I8QWV\9SEY[T\_A8&;YI
Z

<YW&7^-$M@B/\L^-:^'@:[K\5=DRMVU81=D]%-215R
M?N^\:6#V;[0-A, P28=,?KVF<_.'/S49%NIO?AYR]9=&B^'0GY3[JL ]E/G
M=R7 4$


-8'3TCCEH@F;@

T%#VO=WVYTSA?'4?EPEA6?
M;8$'9I4@^]$&\
J=:84\F.[= :1^M[I8(*:$N!:X[*)T3&+HKECP=X*3H\W'
MDKVCUF:8F+$4?N*M6$LZA@F&/(?_371T
 $9:04



MA'

O3=I@ZW
N$7K39=OZ]D[=
JGUD_J=T*OZ1?J


M7$M)2-;P.7T:_)*R%$G+/T4\,V\ZRC )YP,5DXKVTI 9=@5P:LH39KY1?/


MP\P.(^.8K&EI;2?5H^=*9F
PYJXN#KO-9DV6O['C&Y*TH\;7[KX(5VQKL2

MQL3;A?FSTUHJ22!S^02OBC*M2N




MSA@#
\*J-CJK@TNP_ XW*J8]9$1L:)+
)5=G #QF@( +$=''4@N
%*\!GI

JZ4B
Y6
M
4%W4?X)92R=

M'RRF;9S]





M0U\G1I+.V/9RCJR
F.0!2&4J8NN:)SOZ3Y=T0O&
TKXB(1T@-U&/!M'@['+#
M)V63S]$\KHH[3-#K'PX0JT]T7P6&*.?BXR_TL$(J-\@R(16\9NS&Y?LZH'
MTS1'?RU(0C#Z%6?9 ;JX.&9_P_6F%Z(S.O3Z[;N#-S^\JA_[V _]SMGSA5'6
V1RN_$&[:[V0[\K*3
FLOA/S0!/YV(X;K

EY?+
#N=)
M[4N;A9#+\L9F;U+WHUIOW<<=E<8_=L/S[<+IK7LT)EA*V*)7/
JVZ#SLF0Y
M*KMC0.]#:

 P:?H
^K-#[T1]:

MZ









M
2
M!\



H
*
5ZT8C!(4;^'


+$S+@QBKYR!8]SI

M#5454%DK(Z:-CC9(Z
/H^MX71?(YS3+:6



M;1#$FP19JRKC?#-E,8,8G;JB_PEE %:NIPKTE:Q?^DB)TP:02]/R]-=Z:W



ME_5^Q7

*$


M




HR&;^-L:0\(:#+(*C_J.-BUJ\R&J







4&T\')O'BRNJN
3D4?LB



PR']#KV1V@FU?=@81_P?M
_%3:YQ-@LH;;G&


MR46EEZC86OP)W3&;/&2CY@F
3G5X2*H[#U#(A3RB5N[^2T)@.B$=
O/Q\RX.


MCCU=H'K:
F@?.E 4Q)E%YOO^V (7?]B6C(5N^3,P_$2;3S%% /A&.7BF)YI
M)FV@#'2 K&1F6NNA1?I$)UMD![?=Q[P$H-@\U$H&SNT_W(G5B 7GAQV;,2W_
M0Y.6?X&A7*4]CLJ'CW39QZ/FC5L-2DFOR??U4'M)]V6QX+RQ8Y.BYZDDPD\Q
M+DO^WM+)^3&J]56+M

M.$!
NJU_$:RWM_H_Y:R;+SH(+SCC-)X8Y'WRP0J[RPNM



AWB0C( CY'.2:
MIQ&6XFF$=H[\R
VALK7'6)S6%MD&)3


MH[+7
S].@JSG6BL:O]PPV<C5;:[)PN58PCM
MDD2*]@[*@@I/M-/LQM7BHY-+^IKQ+!;08*G5QP3CB DX/96G%TU\A;;[7M
ML6FV*6DU!S;=W^%U]4ITD ]I^/(X_YBGE8C'T?@EBWF])*8!V;LA-I )WA@M


%1S02DM&CMR
+CU


'3/% 
MWV9QO%ZN
S85[XJZ;\SS/Y!
M'9PMU*E_^)_USJOJM!=V8:W$-RY9])J$9?E ;L#UGP&)9WO0%OJ:_;@3?+P
MZM0)[:AVG6
@TY
+.G&:+XX)3M+J+(KYR=_ITRHE@K647[H7?YTT?0XK(USI


MGG(H#89R5HA2[ ZFA-I&5K)[1'%7;2]Q.WJ4VS7%WW%$] ^D3+;B*_;G&2XV
MT4$33 3GX?-PCR6G6$V*B)
-M;C+1UJ4Q*6 ]-[-\GP=93PILBKR:(*^+[).

M

M-Q


H;*QM)/'
M:O?:U


M:'
;'7T_RD+0AC(N/G^$.ER*CX[@5_)7#D\%2E[G%LV?NCZ*2IQT!8Z+\AD3



M=]#)[.K=S+*:+]X7!4MVE-Q@\IC&N+PI
OT+FGH%OV]IVH#W7]7428-AE16B







M35=[Q6#U9S^-\U9;[0ECG3;/7EU##7CO9#GBU22LK.NH/4*%54V75'-T36V5

F
%DITCZ_Q


EM@6&N
MS5UG&NL


P?Z8=B3LR[:D2_


O-<V<5.P#6)NYN&Y8K=!A63T5N6^2@
MJ@#


M(?)DZ-*=K?7R#A-V(E'56JAD:JCDIH#P6OG4PXS0^=.]N &^V8K4!\ S]BB+


O
MOV5:?9


MQXFZQS*G?G95]GJZ.LJAWI&JDR:TP


MQ7_LMZ-I07D:0V\HR..@?E*:V 655
AN[64X(A]#
;]EE!%CBMUK10FM:]

M




MD39\

MXM

!BRV1 J7[]$0FLOF^DME _\D0L1/G&Q?7.[P^B:

M




&%6 :WX
M?OO.HX*0XC

M



[8PR





MO32;2_S9*36'1LY7$S+;M:)02KU@T(AQ2@LA.R4^RW_)7S*3HVBWO-3K4S



M(#45W/D)5
W*N(95RB7V7)5Q55#CMP\IJ3;S'-]^+FX?BG7)TG_ER26[ZV@Z
M[QVG[HT
$YQJV3)%Q:=Q@.7^9



MOI50K 88$ HD8#+HE;8!P]L]1^HWHWU



MVQ5MYC?KU2I+=8MLC1C 

ZCNU



MB A^*++$=)ZF$O+%$SW AANR!@^:.%)L;L=P9#KO)OTR7**4O *G$=/*G$

M@D[%W%^E






MO;KJ@:K4D:U*[;5=L6V:E9L(&KSAN)+UAD=E8\BCW&E+HSO213GGJ8/C;
MXNKJBN4[O65W*K3U.]T2J!I_MAO2]DUMD$UH[H1)WK:CVJAHYR/?8&H792Q



M
9]C(BAF


M&C%056/&*


\0\=

%=7XB7+@!$__[&.





M*[WSLSRGDQV^5:A^FWR

J@*GX)\=%5'W([8


MA
MY/GN


1V^YI3M.
M&U1538*NR-029P6+.V-]8KTP9Q./E;BMRV(O:)M<48;5;I(XS9G3ZD

M#PY82\W6_*GUSP^8MTENA-]+8$G^Q.^8!43QOW*#/
2#?J_[HVC0XO (E;0L

*+JH1E




MZ=L/H^V7T1W_=



M\ZK-R]K.O.J
K:E\3=]5#T!#FP1WQ*5Q]!NU'JVSBEW!P9GOP^K.0#((A##'





%O7=8$I(2KYJPSQY[]8
M!,%JJ0G'=-<&U'PG@%8\GRN[E4%JHV@QLH!XG8.VO@+;@I6[RPRG$[MG17:


- Z46
T5PK78?\06K ZPK


M8V*;EYQ9.K[3Q0+'RK;L%P$@G@5R7/T@ F=KQ_X!VGY:_


M'2O NM%N6#K4E:LNH+H;#5G:KNUOS?9W9@'6;WM Z-3VU+* ZL\*41
=3S4

MK\0=0 GY6@HV(,1':505X/;2'YQF,*GN:HVHQ0$U$3,^*2+P_T+!V54!-W
MD7JF[:'KX


M'FVV(C7^&7L@:

R[^TC )9^^_?-Q*3NM[IT8M$A2L:Q+[(^




9_FLW__



M;71O/WSX\#K_:]6TT?+I@475-]Z_KH:SZ9G_E2C:UT:2D!^3?'C7-$!IKFC:


CT +2U[


P[

5? G'(6GZU-&OV!F212PK[F4

//G6[ZW'<(6J$?K?)WC*69<L?GO3[A1DWOKUP0]

M

M-@U/T@TUC&L['U-)8\EPPC^29[/QZ?EEAP0_I6)6AU5'0B!]Y'CR7XN.WA3_


+QZ\[;






/P6)


M




4R1

!L'OWL2D


MY*QUNEI*XMI%?V!9NG-JY[/Z(NQ @_I


M


YKPE:9D0[6Y[31S';
V ZF51S_$_Y'1))DP.E7E_^TT



!I5I'8YJA]A^@ (G\8XCW80*FU]0R8';62(5 ;?MUD]@&%0I5$
MFAN-Q9IU\D0@@+23#1&;=DYJZ?

M.=&/.XJ?L/ FY




MRNX0-NA=WQP]%$.)0/P \1GE\MFO
ZA3 $M9?

MVV_OW%]$/;+_)ECNQ?:_B#U(M3W$?S

J*/DC)[

MS40Z_




=37@M@Q3WEC6UH<H1U!57#5C^/0*O3F


-3POK



'6Q0 F?EQ=
D'




MI&]:K:&\MY/7&AEW!=4:LD36F:;:'8V O1'HB-C'T_X!&5TCA3VS.&.-QX
-NX\W4(U%7 Q

O6AL[*VS9D
MTS!Y%(Q9L4BK(\[QMA0WB[%9BM?:C@W=H.:+&6\^6(AGF:)R+5)6A(H=BS
M#]P*%







M.Y/PV_U)*$CR'(&R&6M_X?4Q'5M7?Z7


MH)-?E9KA6'Z8\?W^-*KUD!MZNWVX]%RDG)G
-


&M

Q0D*
M=E

MEI
OL_$NY8





M




M4.P\B+Q V/$)K DCE!5/]-WB($))DI_)YY(-?\^*R_3G. D868I?JJ*CICU!


8=TNG0DG5ZD* ?:_&6D?

MWU/A


MND;MHGH)
!]FVK.J!;9=RT5Q?!KC_ W$S6@OGI8X3O ICO&4=-C[.G3J?#LT

6CK'% (I)C8:X
77IU'4$X1!VZ2]$W?3@O




@3[E^_4Y9E?V8G*YO




%O@NAN

_$%1JXWZ]!U



:



T;*U9.OT94D;&O0@3U@]CY?ZXI*D?
T#KFTM&7W
7


HG3^2!+\D69L



MTRRZ)E-%KAF

@
MN'
6DB@3=L6=*


W=7D[$HC7=Y6
MTM3=89^)HBOYM99[HGA).'&^/;+UV1!9.%L#0E4T@[#$'HF+$I\]UGU8O?X
MF1:5N2O?N'AZ
$EQ7C@%Q6W/SHOB*MVZ@B+D
'+0G3F?MH1=%L1 !=/CQQ@S
MD7\%L:$





-U35N/

M@2&YBH-


]9&<VZI.P&/TJ74J578]C-@+ S
MY





M!B313^B)++*%2J9[39Q%#?9EUI!H*R]^! :\+)WO/*(PT

TB*#

9:!6]2LX

5$5$SG [TD3^(G^70JB50TKL










MR0JV3M3[/\@8\HGZKJVEMF7:V@YAD5 
OW9HX@T(.HNFO;4?0
C520F&S53D

4M8IIP?$J3)X;@3&*







ME-ZU:62.OYED_)B]U9AW5IS.F

MBP



M9FBJ1?;1]_!

MMG)_$AV

$




13:/C]6A/8SXK9V
MML)

4








MY%+\X'=;D8QB9D1B^0U'6F)\C6




Q
HN:

M U&=1)0*FF 6&*P


H&F:X_/


^+CB_+5[;?Q00^9##8Y!


MW9\!P[1PWTI5

M#

M/^
XI%H79J^5Z]5

;N5F89HYFJ
M!HV::BBE@2\^X%2\XU/92D:27/7EBX8&6[?B%2FG?:RV^R]JY3$(TQ:6?8








M@+7+#OEGBV]I;SRTM75Y7?MPH:LE8$7HX^F4!)AQ3_=BL8SH&F.EW!7-G?F$


T+#NSF74'+/
.+NPCIO=(M)WDQE49GW

8S'F5 V@&HI





8:E1]B2




7Y5/





(HC&H?KRC$4KK'?EP'V4KC@VW@%=UU%0^5'0<9U-!@OE36/

M2@V[\0-.
^65P0SC^


Y^PN&
N^.



ZAZ



#(P
M
3 S
2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     .25!29($KTQX3  DRP  $
M    @ %5O0  :G9A+3(P
C Q
#
Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%)204BO
M*A8  +
G 0 4                :'0  !J=F$M,C R,#$P,S%?8V%L+GAM
M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%(T?B%QR
  &4@ @ 4                ?WF
M  !J=F$M,C R,#$P,S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( (Y)4%(&X:1(/68
M %J(!0 4                ?8* 0!J=F$M
C R
#$P
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+

