

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-005511
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190417
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COFFEESMITHS COLLECTIVE
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001619055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				471405387
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-199583
		FILM NUMBER:		19752097
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 NORTH ROSELLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60195
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-250-2709
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 NORTH ROSELLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60195
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DOCASA Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20160815
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FWF Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140909








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For

 2018



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the transition period from ______ to ______.

Commission
File Number: 



    
THE
    COFFEESMITHS COLLECTIVE
 INC.
    

    
(f/k/a
    DOCASA
 Inc.)
    

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
                                         or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(IRS
                                         Employer
Identification
                                         No.)




1901
                                         North Roselle Road
 Suite 800
Schaumburg
        Illinois
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:


Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:

Common
Stock
 $0.001 Par Value
(Title
of class)

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Yes [X] No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. [X] Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Yes [X] No

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Yes [X] No

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect; 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller
reporting company filer. See definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer&rdquo;
 &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large
    Accelerated Filer
    
Accelerated
    Filer
    

Non-Accelerated
    Filer
    
Smaller
                                         Reporting Company
    

    
    
Emerging
    Growth Company
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). [&nbsp;&nbsp;] Yes [X]
No

On
June 30
 2018
 the last business day of the registrant&rsquo;s most recently completed second quarter
 the aggregate market value
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $40
010
300
 based upon the closing price
on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Link system of $0.80/share. For purposes of this response
 the registrant
has assumed that its directors
 executive officers and beneficial owners of 5% or more of its common stock are deemed affiliates
of the registrant.

As
of April 12
 2019
 the registrant had 160
012
875 shares of its common stock
 $0.001 par value
 outstanding. The Company
has 47
087
125 shares of its common stock conditionally issuable.






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    I.
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments
    

Item
    2.
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures
    

    
    
    

PART
    II.
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
    

Item
    7A.
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    and Procedures
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information
    

    
    
    

PART
    III.
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services
    

    
    
    

PART
    IV.
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statement Schedules
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended
 and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts
 but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about our industry
our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;seeks&rdquo; and &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider
all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company&rsquo;s stock. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. Such discussion represents
only the best present assessment from our Management.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business.

General
Overview

The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 formerly known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
&ldquo;our
&rdquo; or &ldquo;Coffeesmiths Collective&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the
name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. On August 4
 2016
 the Company filed to change its
fiscal year end from July 31 to August 31. On October 29
 2018
 the majority of the shareholders of the Company approved the amendment
to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&rsquo;s name from &ldquo;DOCASA
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;The Coffeesmiths
Collective
 Inc.&rdquo; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will reflect the major focus of
our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state of Nevada was completed and
effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on November 1
 2018. Both became
effective on December 4
 2018.

On
July 8
 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&ldquo;Atlantik&rdquo;) acquired a majority of the issued
and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams
(the &ldquo;Seller&rdquo;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik
purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing
75.8% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common stock at that time.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United
Kingdom corporation (the &ldquo;DEPT-UK&rdquo;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&rsquo;s majority shareholder 170
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock&mdash;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors but no later than December 31
 2018
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
2018. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock from Atlantik in
exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid
in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation
of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a
change of control.

DEPT-UK
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary
 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&ldquo;DCIA&rdquo;)
 on September 11
 2014
as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.

On
April 5
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&ldquo;DEPT-IL&rdquo;)
 an Illinois corporation.

On
May 18
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&ldquo;DEPT-UKWS&rdquo;)
 as filed
with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. It is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.

On
November 1
 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped and Packed Ltd (&ldquo;Tapped&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for a combination of cash and shares
of common stock of the Company. Tapped became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Tapped has four shop locations
in the UK which serve coffee and food.

On
February 23
 2018
 the Board of Directors determined to change the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end to December 31 from August
31. The Company believes this change will benefit the Company by aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer
coffee companies.

On
May 23
 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&rsquo;s of Bloomsbury Limited (&ldquo;Bea&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for shares of common
stock of the Company. Bea&rsquo;s became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Bea&rsquo;s has five shop locations
in the UK which serves coffee and food.

On
October 22
 2018
 DEPT-UKWS changed its name to Dept. Cold Brew Ltd. (&ldquo;Dept. Cold Brew&rdquo;).

On
November 15
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth
Acland
 and Martyn Ward for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u (&ldquo;Cafe2u&rdquo;)). Cafe2u became a subsidiary
of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Cafe2u is a franchisor for mobile coffee vans and has 85 third-party franchisee vans
in the UK all operating under a master franchise agreement with Cafe2u.


    
    


On
December 1
 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&ldquo;Dollop&rdquo;). Dollop became a subsidiary
of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes
 provides roasting and distribution and has
16 locations in or near Chicago
 Illinois.

On
December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery
Department Ltd. (&ldquo;The Roastery&rdquo;). The Share Purchase Agreement provided Silverstream with preference shares of DEPT-UK
in the amount of &pound;2
750
000 ($3
506
433)
 which at closing was satisfied by the issuance of 2
750
000 shares. The Roastery
became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a specialty coffee roaster and has one location
in the UK.


On
various dates
 DEPT-UK executed various share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for
coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
 as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets
were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $660
404 in cash and deferred cash
payments of $594
692.

For
financial reporting purposes
 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented
a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo; rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the
transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
DEPT-UK was considered the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc. and FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is was considered the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the
operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the DEPT-UK acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and
have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of that acquisition
include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing
and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.

We
are currently devoting all of our efforts to the specialty coffee industry. The Company generates revenue through sales at 47
company-operated stores in the United Kingdom and the United States. Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one
of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations in our market. Similar to leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee
and related products
 and complementary food and snacks.

Our
growth plans currently include expansion in certain European countries
 the US and China. The Company also intends to pursue commercial
agreements in other countries through strategic licensing agreements.

The
Company reports its business under the following SIC Codes:



SIC
    Code
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Retail
    - Eating &amp; Drinking Places

    
    
Eating
    Places


Our
corporate headquarters are located at 1901 North Roselle Road
 Suite 800
 Schaumburg
 Illinois
 60195. The Company&rsquo;s primary
website is www.coffeesmithscollective.com
 and its website for its specialty coffee operations is www.departmentofcoffee.com.
These websites are not incorporated in this Form 10-K.

Overview


The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. (&ldquo;Coffeesmiths&rdquo;) is a family of independent specialty coffee shops and coffee companies
based in the United States and the United Kingdom. The Company has rolled out and acquired specialty coffee shops and companies
preserving
 wherever appropriate
 the strong individual identities of those regarded as &ldquo;local institutions.&rdquo; Coffeesmiths
brings light touch economies of scale with the goal of enhancing the customer experience and increasing shareholder value without
altering the fabric of the uniqueness of many of its established assets. The Company has a flagship brand
 the award-winning Department
of Coffee &amp; Social Affairs
 with coffee shops in the US and in the UK in which it is widely recognized as a market leader
in the rapidly growing specialty coffee sector.



The
UK and US coffee shop market is made up of branded coffee-focused and food-focused chains
 independent specialty shops and chains
and non-specialist including supermarket cafes
 department store cafes
 retail shops with cafes
 pubs
 hotels
 motorway service
stations
 forecourts and fast food outlets. Certain branded coffee-focused chains currently have longer operating histories
 larger
customer bases
 greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial
 marketing and other resources than we do
 however
their ability to deliver specialty quality coffee is limited. Our competitive edge is our focus and ability to provide consistent
quality coffee to consumers. This is done through the hiring and training of highly skilled baristas
 sourcing only the highest-grade
single origin green coffee available and working with experts in the specialty coffee industry to continually innovate the way
we make and talk about coffee.


    
    


Operational
Plan

The
Group&rsquo;s operational targets for the next 12 months is to organically grow sales at its current locations; roll-out new stores
across its various brands and expand the current shop portfolio through additional acquisitions.

Our
plan is executed by the Board of Directors
 which is assisted by a highly-skilled management team with a wealth of experience
in their respected portfolios.

Intellectual
Property 



We
assert common law copyright in the contents of our websites and common law trademark rights in our business name and related product
labels. We have not registered for the protection of all of our copyrights
 trademarks
 patents or designs
 although we may do
so in the future as we deem necessary to protect our business.




in Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the Trade Marks Registry for the following copyrights and trademarks: &ldquo;Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs
&rdquo; &ldquo;Coffeesmiths
&rdquo; and &ldquo;Elixir Espresso.&rdquo; In February 2016
 the trademark
&ldquo;Dollop Coffee Co.&rdquo; was granted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office (&ldquo;USPTO&rdquo;)
 which was
acquired in an acquisition. We have registered with the USPTO the trademark &ldquo;Department of Coffee and Social
Affairs&rdquo; which was approved on June 19
 2018.


Reports
to Security Holders

We
intend to furnish our shareholders annual reports containing financial statements audited by our independent registered public
accounting firm and to make available quarterly reports containing unaudited financial statements for each of the first three
quarters of each year. We are a &ldquo;voluntary filer&rdquo; and are not required to file reports pursuant to the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 but we intend to continue filing Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q
 Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to disclose
material information to our shareholders. We may also file additional documents with the Commission if they become necessary in
the course of our company&rsquo;s operations. We have not filed the Current Reports on Form 8-K regarding our various coffee company
acquisitions that would be required to be filed if we were considered a &ldquo;mandatory filer&rdquo; and required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or 14(d) of the Exchange Act.

The
public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at
1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information
regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov.

Government
Regulations

We
believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable statutes and the regulations passed in the United States
and the United Kingdom. There are no current orders or directions relating to our company with respect to the foregoing laws and
regulations.

Environmental
Regulations

We
do not believe that we are or will become subject to any environmental laws or regulations of the United States. While our products
and business activities do not currently violate any laws
 any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements
on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand
for our products or services
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.



As
of December 31
 2018
 we have 409 employees
 of which 87 are salaried and 322 of which are hourly.



We
lease office space in Schaumburg
 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease on a month-to-month basis. This facility serves as our corporate
headquarters. Our operations in the UK have two UK administrative offices
 a central kitchen
 two roasteries and 24 storefronts.
We have 19 storefronts in the US and one roastery. Each location is subject to a lease agreement with different terms and conditions.

Available
Information

All
reports of the Company filed with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC&rsquo;s website at www.sec.gov. In addition
the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors.

You
should carefully consider the risks described below. If any of the risks and uncertainties described in the cautionary factors
described below actually occurs
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the trading price of our common
stock could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover
 we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment.
New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict the impact of all these factors on our business
 financial
condition or results of operations.

There
are numerous and varied risks
 known and unknown
 that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually
occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case
 the trading
price of our common stock could decline
 and investors could lose all or part of their investment.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
have limited operating history and our foreseeable future is uncertain.

The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. had limited operations until the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 when the Company acquired
Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Ltd. (&ldquo;DEPT-UK&rdquo;)
 which was initially formed in 2009. DEPT-UK opened its first
store in December 2010. On December 31
 2018
 the Company discontinued the prior operations of the Company. For our year ended
December 31
 2018
 we experienced net losses attributable to common shareholders of $2
678
222. We used cash in
operating activities of $3
411
266 in 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 we had an accumulated deficit of $5
964
764.
In addition
 we could incur additional losses in the foreseeable future as we expand operations
 and there can be no assurance
that we will achieve profitability and/or maintain profitability
 if achieved. Our future viability
 profitability and growth
depend upon our ability to successfully operate
 expand our operations and obtain additional capital. There can be no assurance
that any of our efforts will prove successful or that we will not continue to incur operating losses in the future.


We
currently do not have substantial cash resources to execute our expansion plans. If we cannot raise additional funds or generate
more revenues
 we will not be able to execute our expansion plans which would provide additional revenue
 profits
 and working
capital and will probably not be able to continue as a going concern.

As
of December 31
 2018
 our available cash balance was $2
540
291. We will need to raise additional funds to execute our business
plan. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or
 if available
 will be
available on terms that are acceptable to us.

We
may be required to pursue sources of additional capital through various means
 including joint-venture projects and debt or equity
financings. Future financings through equity investments will be dilutive to existing shareholders. Also
 the terms of
securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for our new investors. Newly-issued securities may
include preferences
 superior voting rights
 the issuance of warrants or other convertible securities
 which will have additional
dilutive effects. Further
 we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing
 including investment banking
fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue
 such as convertible notes and warrants
 which will adversely impact
our financial condition and results of operations.

Our
ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the weakness of capital markets and the fact that we have
not been profitable
 which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to
raise from financing activities
 together with our revenues from operations
 is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs
 even
to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly
 we may be required to cease operations.

We
may not be able to secure additional financing to meet our future capital needs

We
anticipate needing significant capital to execute our expansion plans. We may use capital more rapidly than anticipated and incur
higher operating expenses than expected and will be depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs. Any
sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the United Kingdom and/or the United States
as well as globally
 could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. We may also rely in the
future
 on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general corporate
purposes. We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us
 or at all
 at the time when we need such
funding. If we do raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities
 the ownership percentages of existing
shareholders would be reduced
 and the securities that we issue may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those
of the holders of our common stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in
dilution to our existing shareholders. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
 we may be subject to debt covenants
which could place limitations on our operations including our ability to declare and pay dividends. Our inability to raise additional
funds on a timely basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on
our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
business and operating results could be harmed if we fail to manage our growth or change.

Our
business may experience periods of rapid change and/or growth that could place significant demands on our personnel and financial
resources. To manage possible growth and change
 we must locate and retain skilled sales people
 marketers
 management
 and other
personnel
 and solicit and obtain adequate funds in a timely manner. If we fail to effectively manage our human or financial resources
during the growth of our business
 our business may fail which would cause you to lose your investment.


    
    


Our
profitability depends
 in part
 on our success and brand recognition
 and we could lose our competitive advantage if we are not
able to protect our trademarks against infringement
 and any related litigation could be time-consuming and costly.

We
believe our brand will gain substantial recognition by consumers in the United States
 to complement our operations in the United
Kingdom. We have registered the &ldquo;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs&rdquo; trademark with the applicable regulatory
agencies in the United Kingdom and the United States. Use of our trademarks or similar trademarks by competitors in geographic
areas in which we have not yet operated could adversely affect our ability to use or gain protection for our brand in those markets
which could weaken our brand and harm our business and competitive position. In addition
 any litigation relating to protecting
our intellectual property against infringement could be time-consuming and costly.

Attraction
and retention of qualified personnel is necessary to implement and conduct our sales and marketing efforts.

Our
future success will depend largely upon the continued services of our Board members
 executive officers
 and other key personnel.
Our success will also depend on our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel with industry experience. Key
personnel represent a significant asset for us
 and the competition for qualified personnel is intense. We do not have key-person
life insurance coverage on any of our personnel. The loss of one or more of our key people or our inability to attract
 retain
and motivate other qualified personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop or to sustain our operations.


We
are exposed to risks associated with the ongoing financial crisis and weakening global economy
 which increase the uncertainty
of consumers purchasing products

The
recent severe tightening of the credit markets
 turmoil in the financial markets
 and weakening global economy are contributing
to a decrease in consumer confidence. If these economic conditions are prolonged or deteriorate further
 the market for our products
will decrease accordingly.

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH OUR INDUSTRY

Economic
conditions in the United Kingdom and/or the United States could adversely affect our business and financial results.

We
are a coffee shop company in the United Kingdom and in the United States
 and we are dependent upon consumer discretionary spending.
Changes in economic conditions may affect our operations. Adverse economic conditions for our customers
 which could have less
money for discretionary purchases
 could discontinue or decrease their purchases of our products. The resultant effect could decrease
customer traffic and/or the average value per transaction. This effect will negatively impact our performance on a financial basis
as reduced revenues without a parallel decrease in expenses
 would potentially adversely affect profits. Reduction in sales would
adversely affect our margins
 comparable store sales
 and ultimately
 our earnings per share. There are additional risks that
if negative economic conditions continue over an extended period of time or deteriorate more
 consumers may make extended changes
to their discretionary purchasing habits
 which would include reduced discretionary purchases.

Incidents
involving food or beverage-borne illnesses
 contamination
 mislabeling or tampering
 whether or not substantive
 as well as negative
opinions
 either publicly or medically
 about the effects of consuming our products
 could adversely affect our business.

Adverse
instances or reports
 whether true or not
 of unclean water supply or food-safety issues
 such as food or beverage-borne illnesses
tampering
 contamination or mislabeling
 either during growing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing or preparation
 have in the
past severely injured the reputations of companies in the food and beverage processing
 grocery and quick-service restaurant sectors
and could affect us as well. Any report linking us to the use of unclean water
 food or beverage-borne illnesses
 tampering
 contamination
mislabeling or other food or beverage-safety issues could damage our brand value and adversely affect sales of our food and beverage
products and possibly lead to product liability claims
 litigation (including class actions) or damages. Clean water is critical
to the preparation of coffee and our ability to ensure a clean water supply to our stores can be limited
 particularly in certain
locations. If customers become ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses
 tampering
 contamination
 mislabeling or other food
or beverage-safety issues
 we could be forced to temporarily close some stores and/or supply chain facilities
 as well as recall
products. In addition
 instances of food or beverage-safety issues
 even those involving solely the restaurants or stores of competitors
or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors)
 could
 by resulting
in negative publicity about us or the foodservice industry in general
 adversely affect our sales on a regional or national basis.
A decrease in customer traffic as a result of food-safety concerns or negative publicity
 or as a result of a temporary closure
of any of our stores
 product recalls or food or beverage-safety claims or litigation
 could materially harm our business and
results of operations.

Some
of our products contain caffeine
 dairy products
 sugar and other compounds and allergens
 the health effects of which are the
subject of public and regulatory scrutiny
 including the suggestion that excessive consumption of caffeine
 dairy products
 sugar
and other compounds can lead to a variety of adverse health effects. Particularly in the U.S.
 there is increasing consumer awareness
of health risks
 including obesity
 due in part to increased publicity and attention from health organizations
 as well as increased
consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. While we have
a variety of beverage and food items
 including items that are coffee-free and have reduced calories
 an unfavorable report on
the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in our products
 whether accurate or not
 or negative publicity or litigation
arising from certain health risks could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products and could significantly
adversely affect our business and results of operations.


    
    


The
value of our brands is crucial to our success. Failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results.

We
have built brand recognition in the United Kingdom and the United States and have an excellent reputation. As we expand to the
value of our brands should continue to increase as we strive to consistently provide the consumer a positive experience. Our business
plan
 which provides for continued expansion in the United Kingdom and in the United States
 relies on the value of that brands
and our relationships with business partners
 third-party manufacturers
 and others. Our logos will continue to be used
 both
by our internal operations as well as potential licensees and foodservice operations
 as our logoed beverages and other complementary
products are provided to our customers. We provide support to these third-parties
 monitor their activities
 but the quality of
the product and service they provide to the consumer may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control
 including
various pressures they may encounter. Our core belief is that consumers expect the same quality of products and service from any
branded outlet for our products. Our products that we provide to our consumer are sourced from a wide variety of business partners
in our supply chain operations
 and in certain situations
 the products are produced or sourced locally by our business partners.
As these business partners utilize our logos as part of their service to the consumer
 we do not monitor the quality of products
not under our brands
 which are served to consumers.

Adverse
consumer incidents
 whether isolated or recurring
 whether caused by us or our business partners
 that potentially tarnish our
consumer&rsquo;s trust
 including
 but not limited to
 perceived breaches of privacy
 contaminated products
 product recalls or
other potential incidents as included in this risk factors section
 especially if the incident causes significant publicity
 including
the immediate distribution through social or digital media
 or result in litigation
 and our failure to respond accordingly to
these incidents
 could materially adversely impact our brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. The demand
by consumers for our products could decrease materially if we or other third-parties
 including business partners
 fail to maintain
the quality of our products
 are interpreted to act in an unethical or socially irresponsible manner
 including with respect to
the sourcing
 content or sale of our products or the use of consumer data
 fail to comply with laws and regulations or fail to
deliver positive consumer experiences on continuously in all of our markets
 including the ability to procure and retain employees
that create a positive experience with our brands. Also
 inadequate use of our brands and other intellectual properties
 as well
as the protection of these properties
 including the unauthorized use of our brands or other intellectual properties
 can adversely
affect our customer&rsquo;s perception of us which would adversely impact our financial results.


The
unauthorized access
 theft or destruction of financial
 customer or employee personal information
 or of our intellectual property
or of other confidential information
 as all are stored in our information systems
 or by third-parties as contracted by us
 could
adversely affect our brand
 reputation
 and more
 which could lead to potential liability and decreased revenues.

Our
information technology systems
 such as those we use for our point-of-sale
 web and mobile platforms
 including online and mobile
payment systems and rewards programs
 and for administrative functions
 including human resources
 payroll
 accounting and internal
and external communications
 as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers
can contain personal
 financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our information technology
systems also contain our proprietary and other confidential information related to our business
 such as business plans
 product
development initiatives and designs. Other retail companies
 including our competitors
 we could in the future have to deal with
potential attempts to compromise our information technology systems. To the extent we or a third-party were to experience a material
breach of our or such third-party&rsquo;s information technology systems that result in the unauthorized access
 theft
 use or
destruction of customers&rsquo; or employees&rsquo; data or that of the Company stored in such systems
 including through cyber-attacks
or other external or internal methods
 it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our
reputation and brand
 our ability to retain or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. Such
security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S.
 U.K. and international privacy and other laws
 and subject
us to private consumer or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings
 any of which could result in
our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. Our reputation and brand and our ability to attract new customers could
also be adversely impacted if we fail
 or are perceived to have failed
 to properly respond to these incidents. Such failure to
properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could
be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches
 including costs associated with additional security technologies
personnel
 experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These costs
 which could be material
could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success
of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.

Media
or other reports of existing or perceived security vulnerabilities in our systems or those of our third-party business partners
or service providers
 even if no breach has been attempted or has occurred
 can also adversely impact our brand and reputation
and significantly impact our business. Additionally
 the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches
of information technology systems
 as well as the sources and targets of these attacks
 change frequently and are often not recognized
until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. We will make significant investments in technology
third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks
and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss
 but these security measures cannot provide
assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss.


    
    


Our
business and financial results could be adversely impacted if we are not successful in implementing certain strategic initiatives
or adequately managing our growth.

There
is no assurance that we will be able to implement certain strategic initiatives in accordance with our business plan
 which may
result in a negative impact on our business and financial results. These strategic initiatives are designed to create growth
improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value
 and include:



    
    
being
    an employer of choice and investing in employees to deliver a superior customer experience;

    
    
    

    
    
continuing
    our growth as defined in our business plan to become an internationally known and respected brand;

    
    
    

    
    
increasing
    our expansion program
 whether in the United Kingdom or the United States
 with a controlled program for expansion; 

    
    
    

    
    
creating
    positive opportunities with new product offerings;

    
    
    

    
    
establish
    our global growth of our business;

    
    
    

    
    
driving
    convenience and brand engagement through our mobile
 loyalty and digital capabilities.


In
addition to other factors listed in this risk factors section
 factors that may negatively affect the successful implementation
of these initiatives
 which could adversely impact our business and financial results
 include the following:



    
    
increases
    in labor costs
 such as general market and minimum wage levels and investing in competitive compensation
 increased health
    care and workers&rsquo; compensation insurance costs and other benefits to attract and retain high quality employees with
    the right skill sets
 whether due to regulatory mandates
 changing industry practices or our expansion into new channels or
    technology dependent operations;

    
    
    

    
    
increasing
    competition in channels in which we operate or seek to operate from new and existing large competitors that sell high-quality
    specialty coffee beverages;

    
    
    

    
    
construction
    cost increases associated with new store openings and remodeling of existing stores; delays in store openings for reasons
    beyond our control or a lack of desirable real estate locations available for lease at reasonable rates
 either of which could
    keep us from meeting annual store opening targets;

    
    
    

    
    
not
    successfully scaling our supply chain infrastructure as our product offerings increase and as we continue to expand;

    
    
    

    
    
lack
    of customer acceptance of new products
 brands and platforms (i.e. mobile technology)
 or customers reducing their demand
    for our current offerings as new products are introduced;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    level to which we enter into
 maintain
 develop and are able to negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of
 and enforce
    commercial and other agreements;

    
    
    

    
    
not
    successfully consummating favorable strategic transactions or integrating acquired businesses; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    deterioration in our credit ratings
 which could limit the availability of additional financing and increase the cost of obtaining
    financing to fund our initiatives.


Additionally
our business is also in part dependent on the level of support our retail business partners provide our products
 and in some
markets
 there are only a few retailers. If our strategic retail business partners do not provide sufficient levels of support
for our products
 which is at their discretion
 it could limit our ability to grow our business.

Effectively
managing growth can be challenging
 especially as we expand into the United States and the United Kingdom
 where we must manage
the need for flexibility and a degree of autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals
 philosophy
and standards. Growth can make it increasingly difficult to ensure a consistent supply of high-quality raw materials
 to locate
and hire sufficient numbers of key employees
 to maintain an effective system of internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise
and to train employees worldwide to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience. Furthermore
 if we are
not successful in implementing these strategic initiatives
 we may be required to evaluate whether certain assets
 including goodwill
and other intangibles
 have become impaired. In the event we record an impairment charge
 it could have a material impact on our
financial results.

We
will face intense competition in our markets
 which could cause reduced profitability.

The
specialty coffee market is intensely competitive
 including with respect to product quality
 innovation
 service
 convenience
and price
 and we face significant and increasing competition in all these areas in our current market
 as well as our expansion.
Accordingly
 we do not have leadership positions in all markets. In our expansion in the United States and the United Kingdom
we are cognizant of our competitors
 both regional and global
 including the large presence of Starbucks&reg;
 which could lead
to decreases in customer traffic to our stores and/or average value per transaction adversely affecting our sales and results
of operations. Therefore
 continued competition from well-established competitors in our markets could hinder growth and adversely
affect our sales and results of operations in those markets. Increased competition in the United States and the United Kingdom
packaged coffee
 single-serve and ready-to-drink coffee beverage markets
 including from new and large entrants to this market
could adversely affect the profitability of our stores. Additionally
 declines in customer demand for specialty coffee products
for any reason
 including due to customer preference for other products
 could have a negative effect on our business.


    
    


Increases
in the cost of high-quality coffee beans or other commodities or decreases in the availability of high-quality coffee beans or
other commodities could have a negative effect on our business and financial results.

We
purchase
 roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee beans and related coffee products. The price of coffee is subject to significant
volatility and has and may again increase significantly due to one or more of the factors described below. The high-quality coffee
of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium price. This premium depends upon the supply and demand
at the time of purchase and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the coffee commodity price does increase
the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter
into supply contracts whereby the quality
 quantity
 delivery period
 and other negotiated terms are agreed upon
 but the date
and therefore price
 at which the base coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. These are
known as price-to-be-fixed contracts. The supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the
producing countries
 including weather
 natural disasters
 crop disease
 general increase in farm inputs and costs of production
inventory levels and political and economic conditions
 as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that
have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting
coffee supplies. Speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee
beans to our operations
 combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and
hedging activities
 increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans could have an adverse impact on our profitability.

We
also purchase significant amounts of dairy products
 particularly fluid milk
 to support the needs of our company-operated retail
stores. Additionally
 and although less significant to our operations than coffee or dairy
 other commodities
 including but not
limited to tea and those related to food and beverage inputs
 such as cocoa
 produce
 baking ingredients
 meats
 eggs and energy
as well as the processing of these inputs
 are important to our operations. Increases in the cost of dairy products and other
commodities
 or lack of availability
 whether due to supply shortages
 delays or interruptions in processing
 or otherwise
 could
have an adverse impact on our profitability.

Our
financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to
 and may be adversely affected by
 a number of factors
 many of
which are largely outside our control.

Our
operating results have been in the past and will continue to be subject to a number of factors
 many of which are largely outside
our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this risk factors section could adversely impact
our business
 financial condition and/or results of operations:



    
    
increases
    in real estate costs in certain markets;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    outcomes of litigation; and

    
    
    

    
    
in
    certain markets
 labor discord
 war
 terrorism
 political instability
 boycotts
 social unrest
 and natural disasters
 including
    health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our stores.


Interruptions
in our supply chain could adversely affect our ability to produce or deliver our products and could adversely impact our business
and financial profits.

Any
material interruption in our supply chain
 such as material interruption of roasted coffee supply due to the casualty loss of
any of our roasting plants
 interruptions in service by our third-party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship
goods within our distribution channels
 trade restrictions
 such as increased tariffs or quotas
 embargoes or customs restrictions
or natural disasters that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and our profitability.

Our
food
 beverage and other products are sourced from a wide variety of business partners in our supply chain operations. We rely
on these suppliers and vendors to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified
suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge
especially countries or regions with diminished infrastructure
 developing or failing economies or experiencing political instability
or social unrest. For certain products
 we may rely on one or very few suppliers or vendors. A supplier&rsquo;s or vendor&rsquo;s
failure to meet our standards
 provide products in a timely and efficient manner
 or comply with applicable laws is beyond our
control. These issues
 especially for those products for which we rely on one or few suppliers or vendors
 could negatively impact
our business and profitability.

Existing
regulations
 and changes to such regulations
 may present technical
 regulatory and economic barriers to the use of our products
which may significantly reduce demand for our products.

Our
products are subject to various regulatory and economic barriers which could have an adverse effect on the Company.

Our
company is projected to experience rapid growth in operations
 which will place significant demands on its management
 operational
and financial infrastructure

If
the Company does not effectively manage its growth
 the quality of its products could suffer
 which could negatively affect the
Company&rsquo;s brand and operating results. To effectively manage this growth
 the Company will need to continue to improve its
operational
 financial and management controls and its reporting systems and procedures. Failure to implement these improvements
could hurt the Company&rsquo;s ability to manage its growth and financial position.


    
    


The
Company treats its proprietary information as confidential and relies on internal nondisclosure safeguards and on laws protecting
trade secrets
 all to protect its proprietary information

There
can be no assurance that these measures will adequately protect the confidentiality of the Company&rsquo;s proprietary information
or that others will not independently develop products or technology that are equivalent or superior to those of the Company.
The Company&rsquo;s patents
 trademarks
 trade secrets
 copyrights and/or other intellectual property rights are important assets
to the Company. Various events outside of the Company&rsquo;s control pose a threat to its intellectual property rights as well
as to the Company&rsquo;s products and services. Although the Company seeks to obtain patent protection for its systems
 it is
possible that the Company may not be able to protect some of these innovations. There is always the possibility
 despite the Company&rsquo;s
efforts
 that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable.

RISKS
RELATED TO OUR ORGANIZATION AND THE MARKET FOR OUR STOCK

We
are subject to federal securities laws
 and compliance with them can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
thus impairing our ability to grow.

We
are a voluntary reporting company and attempt to comply with some of the requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities
laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &ldquo;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&rdquo;). The costs of preparing
and filing annual and quarterly reports and other information with the SEC (including reporting of the Merger) and furnishing
audited reports to shareholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would be if we remained privately held.

We
are not required to file reports pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 shareholder access to information
regarding our business and operations will likely be limited
 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to voluntary filers will make our common stock less attractive to investors.

We
are a voluntary reporting company and are not required to file reports pursuant to the Exchange Act. While we voluntarily file
quarterly and annual reports that would be required by the Exchange Act if we were a mandatory reporting company
 we are not required
to do so
 and we do not file all of the other reports required to be filed by mandatory reporting companies
 including current
reports on Form 8-K and proxy statements
 and our and our directors
 officers and principal beneficial owners are not be required
to report their beneficial ownership of securities to the SEC pursuant to Section 16 of the Exchange Act. This means access to
information regarding our business and operations will likely be limited.

We
cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result. Investors may be unable to compare our business
with other companies in our industry if they believe that our financial accounting and reporting is not as transparent as other
companies in our industry. If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it
 our financial condition and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result
 there
may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile.

If
we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results
accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation
and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.

It
may be time consuming
 difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures. We
may need to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement
appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial
reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our
business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed
 and our business and reputation with investors
may be harmed. In addition
 if we are unable to comply with the internal controls requirements
 it may adversely affect any market
for
 and the liquidity of
 our common stock.

Because
we became public by means of a merger
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.

There
may be risks associated with us becoming public through a merger. Securities analysts of major brokerage firms may not provide
coverage of us since there is no incentive to brokerage firms to recommend the purchase of our common stock. No assurance can
be given that brokerage firms will
 in the future
 want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our post-Merger company.


Our
stock price may be volatile.

The
market price of our common stock is likely to be highly volatile and could fluctuate widely in price in response to various factors
many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:



    
    
changes
    in our industry;

    
    
    

    
    
competitive
    pricing pressures;

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    ability to obtain working capital financing;



    
    




    
    
additions
    or departures of key personnel;

    
    
    

    
    
limited
    &ldquo;public float&rdquo; in the hands of a small number of persons whose sales or lack of sales could result in positive
    or negative pricing pressure on the market price for our common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
sales
    of our common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to execute our business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
operating
    results that fall below expectations;

    
    
    

    
    
loss
    of any strategic relationship;

    
    
    

    
    
regulatory
    developments;

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    and other external factors; and

    
    
    

    
    
period-to-period
    fluctuations in our financial results.


In
addition
 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated
to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock.

We
may not pay dividends in the future. Any return on investment may be limited to the value of our common stock.

We
do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends on our common stock will depend on
earnings
 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may
consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will
only occur if our stock price appreciates.

We
cannot ensure that a liquid trading market for our common stock will be sustained.

Our
stock is currently quoted on the OTC Link operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc.
 but our stock is traded sporadically. We cannot
predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. We may apply for listing of our common stock on either the NYSE
American
 The NASDAQ Capital Market or other national securities exchange
 assuming that we can satisfy the initial listing standards
for such exchange. However
 we may never apply for such a listing
 and we currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards
for any of these exchanges and cannot ensure that we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our common stock will
be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should we choose to uplist but fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of
such exchanges
 or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing and remains quoted on the OTC markets or is suspended from
quotation on the over-the-counter quotation boards
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market
for our common stock may be less liquid
 and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility.

Furthermore
for companies whose securities are quoted on the over-the-counter quotation boards
 it is more difficult (i) to obtain accurate
quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases
about such companies
 and (iii) to obtain needed capital.

The
market price of our common stock can become volatile
 leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you
may want to sell your holdings

The
market price of our common stock can become volatile. Numerous factors
 many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market
price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include: our earnings releases
 actual or anticipated changes
in our earnings
 fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and
investors; changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; speculation about our
business in the press or the investment community; significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers or
suppliers; stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and
 in particular
 those that are in
our industry; customer demand for our products; investor perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular;
the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; general economic conditions and trends; announcements by us or our
competitors of new products
 significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships or divestitures; changes in accounting standards
policies
 guidance
 interpretation or principles; loss of external funding sources; sales of our common stock
 including sales
by our directors
 officers or significant shareholders; and additions or departures of key personnel. Securities class
action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this type
of litigation be instituted against us
 it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management&rsquo;s attention
and resources.

Moreover
securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating
performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests
in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. We do not intend to pay dividends on shares of our common
stock for the foreseeable future.


    
    


Our
common stock is currently considered a &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; which may make it more difficult for our investors to sell their
shares.

Our
common stock is currently considered a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and may continue in the future to be subject to the &ldquo;penny
stock&rdquo; rules adopted under Section 15(g) of the Exchange Act. The penny stock rules generally apply to companies whose common
stock is not listed on The NASDAQ Stock Market or other national securities exchange and trades at less than $5.00 per share
other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6
000
000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth
of at least $5
000
000 ($2
000
000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require
 among other
things
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than &ldquo;established customers&rdquo; complete certain documentation
make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security
 including
a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks
because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and
 as a result
 the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers
in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period
 it could have an adverse
effect on the market
 if any
 for our securities. Since our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 investors may find
it more difficult to dispose of our securities.

Offers
or availability for sale of a substantial number of shares of our common stock may cause the price of our common stock to decline.

If
our shareholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market
 or upon the expiration of any statutory
holding period under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance
commonly referred to as an &ldquo;overhang&rdquo; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall.
The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could make more difficult our ability
to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we
deem reasonable or appropriate.

Stefan
Allesch-Taylor
 our chairman of our board of directors
 beneficially owns a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock
which enables him to influence many significant corporate actions and in certain circumstances may prevent a change in control
that would otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders.

Stefan
Allesch-Taylor
 as of December 31
 2018
 beneficially owns 68.9% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As such
 he
has a substantial impact on matters requiring the vote of the shareholders
 including the election of our directors and
most of our corporate actions. This control could delay
 defer
 or prevent others from initiating a potential merger
 takeover
or other change in our control
 even if these actions would benefit our shareholders and us. This control could adversely
affect the voting and other rights of our other shareholders and could depress the market price of our common stock.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.



Item
2. Properties.

We
lease office space in Schaumburg
 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease on a month-to-month basis. This facility serves as our corporate
headquarters. Our operations in the UK have two UK administrative offices
 a central kitchen
 2 roasteries and 24 storefronts.
We have 19 storefronts in the US and one roastery. Each location is subject to a lease agreement with different terms and conditions.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

From
time to time
 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.
As of April 16
 2019
 there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material
effect on the results of our operations.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Shareholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market
for Common Equity

Market
Information

The
Company&rsquo;s common stock is traded on the OTC Link system operated by OTC Markets Group at the OTCQB level under the symbol
&ldquo;COFE.QB.&rdquo; The Company&rsquo;s current symbol was approved on September 30
 2016. Previously
 the Company traded under
the symbol &ldquo;DCSA.QB&rdquo; and &ldquo;FWFH.PK.&rdquo; As of December 31
 2018
 the Company&rsquo;s common stock was held
by 63 shareholders of record
 which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name.


    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s shares commenced trading on or about May 23
 2016 (for FWF Holdings
 Inc.). The following chart is indicative
of the fluctuations in the stock prices for the fiscal years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:




    
For
    the Years Ended December 31


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

First
    Quarter
    
    
    
    

Second
    Quarter
    
    
    
    

Third
    Quarter
    
    
    
    

Fourth
    Quarter
    
    
    
    

Source:
    OTCMarkets
    
    
    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s transfer agent is Action Stock Transfer Corporation
 located at 2469 E. Fort Union Blvd.
 Suite 214
 Salt Lake
City
 Utah 84121.

Dividend
Distributions

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock and have no present intention of paying any dividends on the shares of our
common stock. Our current policy is to retain earnings
 if any
 for use in our operations and in the development of our business.
Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors.

Securities
authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans

The
Company does not have a stock option plan.

Penny
Stock

Our
common stock is considered &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; under the rules the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;)
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices in connection with
transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than $5.00
 other than securities
registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System
 provided that current price and
volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny
stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document
prepared by the Commission
 that:



    
    
contains
    a description of the nature and level of risks in the market for penny stocks in both public offerings and secondary trading;

    
    
contains
    a description of the broker&rsquo;s or dealer&rsquo;s duties to the customer and of the rights and remedies available to the
    customer with respect to a violation to such duties or other requirements of Securities&rsquo; laws; contains a brief
 clear
    narrative description of a dealer market
 including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread
    between the bid and ask price;

    
    
contains
    a toll-free telephone number for inquiries on disciplinary actions;

    
    
defines
    significant terms in the disclosure document or in the conduct of trading in penny stocks; and

    
    
contains
    such other information and is in such form
 including language
 type
 size and format
 as the Commission shall require by
    rule or regulation.


The
broker-dealer also must provide
 prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock
 the customer with:



    
    
bid
    and offer quotations for the penny stock;

    
    
the
    compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction;

    
    
the
    number of shares to which such bid and ask prices apply
 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity
    of the marker for such stock; and

    
    
monthly
    account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account.


In
addition
 the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules;
the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and
receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions
involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement.

These
disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our stock.

Related
Shareholder Matters



Purchase
of Equity Securities




    
    


Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

As
the Company is a &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; this item is inapplicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Rule 175 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as
amended
 and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking
statements are not historical facts
 but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about our industry
our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;seeks&rdquo; and &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; and variations of these words and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual
results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider
all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company&rsquo;s stock. The following discussion and
analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for The Coffeesmiths
Collective
 Inc. (f/k/a DOCASA
 Inc. and FWF Holdings
 Inc.). Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from
our Management.

DESCRIPTION
OF COMPANY

The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 formerly known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
&ldquo;our
&rdquo; or &ldquo;Coffeesmiths Collective&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the
name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. On August 4
 2016
 the Company filed to change its
fiscal year end from July 31 to August 31. On October 29
 2018
 the majority of the shareholders of the Company approved the amendment
to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&rsquo;s name from &ldquo;DOCASA
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;The Coffeesmiths
Collective
 Inc.&rdquo; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will reflect the major focus of
our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state of Nevada was completed and
effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on November 1
 2018. Both became
effective on December 4
 2018.

On
July 8
 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&ldquo;Atlantik&rdquo;) acquired a majority of the issued
and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams
(the &ldquo;Seller&rdquo;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik
purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing
75.8% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common stock at that time.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United
Kingdom corporation (the &ldquo;DEPT-UK&rdquo;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&rsquo;s majority shareholder 170
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock&mdash;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors but no later than December 31
 2018
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
2018. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock from Atlantik in
exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been
paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation
of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a
change of control.

DEPT-UK
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary
 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&ldquo;DCIA&rdquo;)
 on September 11
 2014
as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.

On
April 5
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&ldquo;DEPT-IL&rdquo;)
 an Illinois corporation.

On
May 18
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&ldquo;DEPT-UKWS&rdquo;)
 as filed
with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. It is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.

On
November 1
 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped and Packed Ltd (&ldquo;Tapped&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for a combination of cash and shares
of common stock of the Company. Tapped became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Tapped has four shop locations
in the UK which serve coffee and food.

On
February 23
 2018
 the Board of Directors determined to change the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end to December 31 from August
31. The Company believes this change will benefit the Company by aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer
coffee companies.

On
May 23
 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&rsquo;s of Bloomsbury Limited (&ldquo;Bea&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for shares of common
stock of the Company. Bea&rsquo;s became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Bea&rsquo;s has five shop locations
in the UK which serves coffee and food.


    
    


On
October 22
 2018
 DEPT-UKWS changed its name to Dept. Cold Brew Ltd. (&ldquo;Dept. Cold Brew&rdquo;).

On
November 15
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth
Acland
 and Martyn Ward for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u (&ldquo;Cafe2u&rdquo;)). Cafe2u became a subsidiary
of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Cafe2u is a franchisor for mobile coffee vans and has 85 third-party franchisee vans
in the UK all operating under a master franchise agreement with Cafe2u.

On
December 1
 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&ldquo;Dollop&rdquo;). Dollop became a subsidiary
of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes
 provides roasting and distribution and has
16 locations in or near Chicago
 Illinois.

On
December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery
Department Ltd. (&ldquo;The Roastery&rdquo;). The Share Purchase Agreement provided Silverstream with preference shares of DEPT-UK
in the amount of &pound;2
750
000 ($3
506
433)
 which at closing was satisfied by the issuance of 2
750
000 shares. The Roastery
became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a specialty coffee roaster and has one location
in the UK.


On
various dates
 DEPT-UK executed various share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for
coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
 as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets
were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $660
404 in cash and deferred cash
payments of $594
692.

For
financial reporting purposes
 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented
a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo; rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the
transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition has been accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
DEPT-UK was considered the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc. and FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is was considered the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the
operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the DEPT-UK acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and
have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of that acquisition
include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing
and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.

We
are currently devoting all of our efforts to the specialty coffee industry. The Company generates revenue through sales at 47
company-operated stores in the United Kingdom and the United States. Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one
of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations in our market. Similar to leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee
and related products
 and complementary food and snacks.

The
following Management Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and accompanying notes
included in this Form 10-K.


COMPARISON
OF THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2018 TO THE FOUR MONTHS ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2017 TO THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31
 2017

Results
of Operations



For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had $10
049
846 of revenue
 compared to $2
066
111 for the four months ended
December 31
 2017 compared to $4
180
483 for the year ended August 31
 2017. Revenue in U.S. Dollars increased for the year ended
December 31
 2018 compared to the other periods as a result of multiple new coffee shop locations being in service and acquisitions
during the year ended December 31
 2018. In the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had 47 coffee shop locations in operation
compared to 16 and 15 coffee shop locations at December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 respectively. Additionally
coffee shops opened in the prior year performed within management&rsquo;s expectations for the years ended December 31
 2018.
Company revenues
 by revenue class
 are as follows:



    
For
    the year
For
    the four
For
    the year

    
    
months
    ended
    

    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017
August
    31
 2017

    
    
    
    

Coffee
    and complementary food products
9
306
337
1
823
938
3
669
307

Coffee
    school
7
592
3
704
12
425

Management
    fees
735
917
238
468
498
751

    
10
049
846
2
066
111
4
180
483



    
    


Operating
Expenses:

Direct
costs of Revenue

For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 direct costs of revenue were $6
794
062 compared to $1
618
963 and $3
633
591 for the
four months ended December 31
 2017 and for the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively. The increase is primarily due to the
various acquisitions and new shops.



    
For
    the year
For
    the four
For
    the year

    
    
months
    ended
    

    
December
    31
 2018
December
    31
 2017
August
    31
 2017

Direct
    costs of revenue:
    
    
    

Coffee
    and complementary food products
6
794
062

1
618
963
3
479
372

Coffee
    school
    
    
1
319

Management
    fees
    
    
152
900

    
6
794
062

1
618
963
3
633
591


General
and Administrative Expenses

For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 general and administrative expenses were $5
842
156 compared to $952
947 and $1
927
402
for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively. The expenses for the years ended
December 31
 2018
 were as follows: professional fees
 $270
416; rent
 $1
488
265; depreciation and amortization
$543
036; and other
 $3
540
439. The expenses for the four months ended December 31
 2017
 were as follows: professional
fees
 $102
533; rent
 $252
528; depreciation and amortization
 $101
817; and other
 $496
069. The expenses for the year ended
August 31
 2017
 were as follows: professional fees
 $171
181; rent
 $463
655; depreciation and amortization
 $191
025; property
taxes
 $10
461. and other
 $1
091
080. The increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended December 31
2018
 as compared to the other periods
 are primarily a result of the increase in operating expenses associated with opening new
coffee shop locations and acquisitions.

Net
Loss

The
Company generated net loss before taxes and non-controlling interest of $2
682
300 for the year ended December 31
 2018
compared to net loss before taxes and non-controlling interest of $516
094 and $1
427
076 for the four months ended
December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively. For the comparative periods
 the Company&rsquo;s primary expenses
were direct costs of revenue. As discussed above
 the costs associated with setting up new locations and the acquisitions resulted
in much of the increase in expenses which reduces our net income during the year ended December 31
 2018
 as compared to the four
months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017.

The
Company has one customer
 which
 for the year ended December 31
 2018 had sales of $534
659 (&pound;408
137
 5.3% of total
revenue)
 sales of $295
659 (&pound;223
476
 14.3% of total revenue) and $532
287 (&pound;406
326
 12.7% of total revenue) for
the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively. The Company has a contract with the
customer that expires in February 2020.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

General.

 2018
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $2
540
291. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination
of cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from loans and financing by our officers and directors. Our cash requirements
are generally for selling
 general and administrative activities. We believe that our cash balance is not sufficient to finance
our cash requirements for expected operational activities
 capital improvements
 and partial repayment of debt through the next
12 months.


411
266
for the year ended December 31
 2018
 and we had $6
135 and $731
424 of cash used in operations for the four
months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively. The principal elements of cash flow from operations
for the year ended December 31
 2018
 included a net loss of $2
682
302.


year ended December 31
 2018
 was $4
434
167 compared to $86
428 and $831
267 for the four months ended December
31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively.



    
    



was $10
269
921 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 compared to cash generated of $114
966 and $1
564
955
for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 respectively.


 2018
 current liabilities
exceeded current assets. Current assets increased from $882
911 at December 31
 2017 and $673
969 at August 31
 2017
 to $4
078
776
at December 31
 2018
 whereas current liabilities increased from $1
973
273 at December 31
 2017 and $1
444
318 at August
31
 2017
 to $4
822
942 at December 31
 2018.




    
For
                                         the year
For
                                         the four
For
                                         the year

    
    
months
                                         ended
    

    
December
                                         31

December
                                         31

August
                                         31


Cash
    used in operating activities
(3
411
266
(6
135
(731
424

Cash
    used in investing activities
(4
434
167
(86
428
(831
267

Cash
    provided by financing activities
10
269
921
114
966
1
564
955

Net
    changes to cash
2
424
488
22
403
2
263


Going
Concern

The
Company has a net loss for the year ended December 31
 2018 of $2
962
083 and a working capital deficit as of
December 31
 2018 of $744
166 and has used cash in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December 31
2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company had a shareholders&rsquo; deficit and accumulated
deficit of $3
113
896 and $5
964
764
 respectively. Without further funding
 these conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&rsquo;s plans
 which include
the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient
to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize
its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements.

There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources
to be used for operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company&rsquo;s current resources
the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful
in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities
and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

The
Company currently has no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future material
effect on our financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital
expenditures or capital resources.

Critical
Accounting Policies

Use
of Estimates.
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying
financial statements include the amortization period for intangible assets
 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
depreciable lives of the web site and property and equipment
 valuation of warrant and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
valuation of share-based payments and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.


Changes
in Accounting Principles.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets.
Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&rdquo; This statement
requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used
is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated
by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which
the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.


    
    


Fair
Value of Financial Instruments and Fair Value Measurements.
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts payable
accrued expenses escrow liability and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

We
have adopted accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. The adoption did not have a material
impact on our results of operations
 financial position or liquidity. This standard defines fair value
 provides guidance for
measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather
applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to
measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable
market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the
service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to
valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:

Level
1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active.

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed
by us
 which reflect those that a market participant would use.

Revenue
Recognition.
 &ldquo;Revenue Recognition in
Financial Statements.&rdquo; Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive
evidence of an arrangement did exist
 delivery of service has occurred
 the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable
and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company has one primary revenue streams as follows:



    
    
Sales
    of specialty coffee and complementary food products.

    
    
Coffee
    school.

    
    
Coffee
    services.


Stock-Based
Compensation.
718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based
compensation issued to employees. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with ASC Topic 505-50.
The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service
periods using the straight-line attribution method. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date
by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Company estimates the fair value of each stock option at the grant date by
using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

As
the Company is a &ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; this item is inapplicable.


    
    






Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.

Table
of Contents



    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets
    

    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    



    
    


REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. (f/k/a DOCASA
 Inc.) and its subsidiaries
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in
shareholders&rsquo; deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2018 and the period from September 1
 2017 to December
31
 2017
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial
statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2018
and 2017
 and the results of its consolidated operations and its consolidated cash flows for the year ended December 31
 2018
and the period from September 1
 2017 to December 31
 2017
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.

Explanatory
Paragraph &ndash; Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations since inception and has a working
capital deficiency both of which raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but
not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/
Turner
 Stone &amp; Company
 L.L.P.

Dallas
Texas
April
16
 2019

We have served
as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2017.


    
    








Green &amp; Company
 CPAs

    


Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the Board of Directors and Shareholders of:
DOCASA
Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of DOCASA
 Inc. as of August 31
 2017
 and the related consolidated statement
of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; deficiency
 and cash flows for the year ended August 31
 2017. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated
financial statements based on our audit.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of
material misstatement. The Company is not required to have
 nor where we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of DOCASA
 Inc. as of August 31
 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company reported a net loss of $1
425
846 in 2017 and used cash for operating
activities of $731
424. At August 31
 2017
 the Company had a working capital deficit
 shareholders&rsquo; equity and accumulated
deficit of $770
349
 $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability
to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans as to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/
Green &amp; Company CPAs
 Inc.

Green
&amp; Company CPAs
 Inc.
Tampa
Florida
December
18
 2017




13907
    N. Dale Mabry Highway
 Suite 102
Tampa
    FL 33618
    






    
    



THE
COFFEESMITHS COLLECTIVE
 INC.
(f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc.)
and
Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Balance Sheets




    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Current
    assets:
    
    
    

    
2
540
291
115
803
93
400

Accounts
    receivable
600
163
280
402
496
822

Prepaid
    expenses
546
498
389
768
36
270

    
391
824
96
938
47
477

Total
    current assets
4
078
776
882
911
673
969

    
    
    
    

Fixed
    assets
 net
5
370
135
1
976
072
1
672
176

Intangible
    assets
 net
135
270
12
556
10
134

Other
    receivables
38
281
40
500
38
660

    
    
    
1
289

    
11
385
139

2
013
119
    

Advance
    to related party
511
738
    
    

    
527
588
212
199
89
989

Total
    assets
22
046
927
5
137
357
2
486
217

    
    
    
    

LIABILITIES
    AND SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT
    
    
    

Current
    liabilities:
    
    
    

Notes
    payable
 current portion
482
417
172
375

139
419

Accounts
    payable
2
008
854
892
903
849
642

Accrued
    expenses
848
838
459
360
59
561

Accounts
    payable to related parties
64
410
54
346
95
213

Taxes
    payable
261
160
120
781
151
676


    current portion
928
964

    
    

Capital
    leases obligations
 current portion
175
005
237
874
116
146

Deferred
    taxes
12
062
    
    

Deferred
    revenue
41
232
35
634
32
661

Total
    current liabilities
4
822
942
1
973
273
1
444
318

Non-current
    liabilities:
    
    
    

Notes
    payable
 non-current portion
1
258
306
344
361
371
886

Note
    payable to related party
10
787
11
412
1
040

Capital
    leases obligations
 non-current portion
245
816
132
727
    


    non-current portion
191
404

    
    

Other
    long-term liabilities
96
328
    
207
003

Total
    long-term liabilities
1
802
641
488
500
579
929

Total
    liabilities
6
625
583
2
461
773
2
024
247

    
    
    
    

Commitments
    and contingencies (Note 9)
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Shareholders&rsquo;
    deficit:
    
    
    

Common
    stock
 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 162
004
875
 160
012
875
 and 150
036
000 shares issued and outstanding
    at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 and 47
146
861
 47
087
125
 and 57
064
000 conditionally issuable
    at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively
209
092
207
100
207
100

Additional
    paid-in capital
2
430
022
758
933
758
969

Class
    A ordinary shares of DEPT-UK (25
000
000 shares authorized
 &pound;1 par value
 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December
    31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively)
    
    
    

Class
    B ordinary shares of DEPT-UK (10
000
000 shares authorized
 &pound;1 par value
 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December
    31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively)
    
    
    

Accumulated
    other comprehensive gain
211
754
319
278
119
464

Accumulated
    deficit
(5
964
764
(3
282
461
(2
766
367

Total
    The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. shareholders&rsquo; deficit
(3
113
896
(1
997
150
(1
680
834

Non-controlling
    interest:
    
    
    

Preference
    shares of DEPT-UK (25
000
000 shares authorized
 &pound;1 par value
 14
509
672
 3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares issued and
    outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively)
17
571
450
4
672
734
2
142
804


    in Dollop
963
790

    
    

Total
    liabilities and shareholders&rsquo; deficit
22
046
927

5
137
357
2
486
217


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


THE
COFFEESMITHS COLLECTIVE
 INC.
(f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc.)
and
Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss




    
For
    the year
For
    the four
For
    the year

    
    
months
    ended
    

    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Revenue
    net
10
049
846
2
066
111
4
180
483

    
    
    
    

Operating
    expenses
    
    
    

Direct
    costs of revenue
6
794
062
1
618
963
3
633
591

Professional
    fees
270
416
102
533
171
181

    
1
488
265
252
528
463
655

Depreciation
    and amortization
543
036
101
817
191
025

Property
    taxes
    
    
10
461

Other
    general and administrative expenses
3
540
439
496
071
1
091
080

    
    
    
    

Operating
    loss
(2
586
371
(505
801
(1
380
510

    
    
    
    

Other
    income (expense)
    
    
    

Interest
    expense
(82
348
(10
293
    

Impairment
    expense
(13
582
    
(46
566

    
    
    
    

Loss
    before provision for income taxes
(2
682
300
(516
094
(1
427
076

    
    
    
    

Provision
    for income tax
    
    
    

Net
    loss before non-controlling interest
(2
682
300
(516
094
(1
427
076

Loss
    attributable to non-controlling interest
4
077
    
1
230

    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
(2
678
222
(515
456
(1
425
846

    
    
    
    

Foreign
    currency translation profit (loss)
393
465
199
814
(33
723

    
    
    
    

Total
    comprehensive loss
(2
284
758
(315
642
(1
459
569

    
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders per share
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Weighted
    average number of shares outstanding
208
288
685
207
100
000
207
025
000


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


THE
COFFEESMITHS COLLECTIVE
 INC.
(f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc.)
and
Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statement of Shareholders&rsquo; Deficit
December
31
 2018



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Class
    A Ordinary Stock
    
    
Class
    B Ordinary Stock
    
    
Common
    Stock
    
    
Common
    Stock Issuable
    
    
Additional
    Paid-in
    
    
    
    Income
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    August 31
 2016
    
    
243
800
    
    
    
389
730
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
153
187
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
340
521
    
    
    
550
063
    

Recapitalization
    - merger
    
    
(243
800
    
    
    
(389
730
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
146
800
000
    
    
    
146
800
    
    
    
60
000
000
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
376
677
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
154
127
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
936
000
    
    
    
2
936
    
    
    
(2
936
000
    
    
    
(2
936
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
299
700
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
300
000
    

Other
    comprehensive loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(33
723
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(33
723
    

Issuance
    of preference shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
996
203
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
996
203
    

Return
    of preference shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
296
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(6
296
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
82
592
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
82
592
    

Net
    loss for the period ended August 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
230
    
    
    
(1
425
846
    
    
    
(1
427
076
    

Balance
    August 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
150
036
000
    
    
    
150
036
    
    
    
57
064
000
    
    
    
57
064
    
    
    
758
969
    
    
    
119
464
    
    
    
2
142
804
    
    
    
(2
766
367
    
    
    
461
970
    

Issuance
    of preference shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
529
930
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
529
930
    

Issuance
    of preference shares for acquisition
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
546
875

    
    
    
1
547

    
    
    
(1
546
875

    
    
    
(1
547

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
430
000

    
    
    
8
430

    
    
    
(8
430
000

    
    
    
(8
430

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Other
    comprehensive loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
199
814
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
199
778
    

Investment
    in Tapped
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the period ended December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(516
094
    
    
    
(516
094
    

Balance
    December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
160
012
875
    
    
    
160
013
    
    
    
47
087
125
    
    
    
47
087
    
    
    
758
933
    
    
    
319
278
    
    
    
4
672
734
    
    
    
(3
282
461
    
    
    
2
675
584
    

Issuance
    of preference shares for cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
592
782
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
592
782

    

Issuance
                                         of shares for acquisition

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
506
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
3
506
434

    

Recognition
    of Dollop non-controlling interest on acquisition
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(236
710

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(236
710

    

Other
    comprehensive loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(107
524
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(107
524
    

Common
    stock issued for acquisition
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
992
000
    
    
    
1
992
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
671
089
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
673
081
    

Net
    loss for the period ended December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
682
303
    
    
    
(2
682
303
    

Balance
    December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
162
004
875

    
    
    
162
005
    
    
    
47
087
125

    
    
    
47
087
    
    
    
2
430
022
    
    
    
211
754
    
    
    
18
535
240
    
    
    
(5
964
764
    
    
    
15
421
344
    


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
and
Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
For
    the Year
For
    the Four
For
    the Year

    
    
Months
    Ended
    

    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

Cash
    flows from operating activities:
    
    
    

Net
    loss attributable to common shareholders
(2
682
302
(516
094
(1
425
846

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss before taxes and non-controlling interest to net cash provided by (used in) operations:
    
    
    

Depreciation
    and amortization expense
543
036
101
817
190
645

Other
    comprehensive income
(107
524
199
814
(33
723

Impairment
    expense
    
    
46
566

Bad
    debt expense
    
    
423
680

Non-controlling
    interest gain
    
    
(1
230

Changes
    in operating assets and liabilities:
    
    
    

Accounts
    receivable
(94
243
216
420
(551
695

Other
    receivables
    
    
114
874

Prepaid
    expenses
(21
410
(261
446
153
979

    
(59
235
1
950
(7
154

Prepaid
    expenses and other assets
    
    
(32
678

Other
    non-current receivables
8
349
(1
840
    

    
(235
652
(2
211
    

Accounts
    payable
703
561
43
261
322
133

Accounts
    payable to related parties
10
064
(40
867
    

Accrued
    expenses
(1
621
887
282
167
(35
665

Taxes
    payable
140
379
(32
079
78
585

Deferred
    revenue
5
598
2
973
26
104

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(3
411
266
(6
135
(731
424

    
    
    
    

Cash
    flows used in investing activities:
    
    
    

Acquisition
    of fixed assets
(1
936
809
(38
294
(831
296

Acquisition
    of intangible assets
    
(4
779
    

    
    
    
    

    
(2
242
170

    
    

Cash
    acquired from acquisitions
256
550
200
582
    


 net
    
(243
937

    

Advance
                                         to related party

(511
738
    
    

Net
    cash used in investing activities
(4
434
167
(86
428
(831
267

    
    
    
    

Cash
    flows from (used in) financing activities:
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from notes payable
    
    
3
229
558

Payments
    on notes payable to related parties
    
(58
667
    

Payments
    on capital leases
(108
425
(75
270
(57
986

Contributions
    of capital
    
1
289
    

Sale
    of preference shares
10
592
782
611
769
638
037

Payments
    on notes payable
(213
811
(364
155
(2
244
654

Net
    cash provided by (used in) financing activities
10
269
921
114
966
1
564
955

    
    
    
    

Net
    increase (decrease) in cash
2
428
488
22
403
2
263

Cash
    at beginning of period
115
803
93
400
91
137

    
    
    
    

Cash
    at end of period
2
540
291
115
803
93
400



    
    



The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
and
Subsidiaries
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows




    
    
For
    the Year
    
    
For
    the Four
    
    
For
    the Year
    

    
    
    
    
    
Months
    Ended
    
    
    
    

    
    
December
    31

    
    
December
    31

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Supplemental
    disclosure of cash flow information:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    paid for interest
    
    
32
138
    
    
    
10
293
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    paid for taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-cash
    investing and financing activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Goodwill
    
    
9
372
020
    
    
    
2
013
119
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
225
520
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Inventory
    
    
235
651
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Loan receivable
    
    
6
130
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisition
    - Prepaid expenses
    
    
135
320
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Fixed assets
 net
    
    
1
808
465
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Intangible assets
 net
    
    
126
209
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Deposits
    
    
79
737
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Accounts payable
    
    
539
347
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Accrued expenses
    
    
1
917
994
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Acquisitions
    - Loans
    
    
1
437
798
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Assets
    acquired with capital leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
191
761
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of common stock for acquisitions
    
    
1
673
081
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of preference shares for acquisitions
    
    
3
506
434
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance
    of preference shares for capital lease
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
918
125
    
    
    
    
    

Assets
    acquired from capital leases
    
    
158
645
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Contingent
    consideration
    
    
928
965
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fixed
    asset additions by capital leases
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
357
967
    

Payment
    of services by third party
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
82
592
    

Preference
    shares issued for debt
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
605
511
    


See
accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements.



    
    


The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
(f/k/a
DOCASA
 Inc.)
and
Subsidiaries
Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements
December
31
 2018

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 formerly known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo;
&ldquo;our
&rdquo; or &ldquo;Coffeesmiths Collective&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the
name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business
of commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from
July 31 to August 31.

On
July 8
 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&ldquo;Atlantik&rdquo;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority
of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik
and Nami Shams (the &ldquo;Seller&rdquo;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
representing 76.1% of the Company&rsquo;s outstanding common stock at that time.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United
Kingdom corporation (the &ldquo;DEPT-UK&rdquo;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&rsquo;s majority shareholder 170
000
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock&mdash;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the
Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2019.
Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange
for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been paid in full.
As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the
115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change
of control.

DEPT-UK
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary
 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&ldquo;DCIA&rdquo;)
 on September 11
 2014
as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018
 DCIA has had no operations
or activity.

On
April 5
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&ldquo;DEPT-IL&rdquo;)
 an Illinois corporation.

On
May 18
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&ldquo;DEPT-UKWS&rdquo;)
 as filed
with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK. As of December 31
 2018
 DEPT-UKWS
has had no operations or activity.

For
financial reporting purposes
 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented
a &ldquo;reverse merger&rdquo; rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the
transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired
company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements
prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial
statements after completion of the acquisition include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical
operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.

On
November 1
 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped and Packed Ltd (&ldquo;Tapped&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for a combination of cash and shares
of common stock of the Company. See Note 2. Tapped became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Tapped has four
shop locations in the UK which serve coffee and food.

On
February 23
 2018
 the Board of Directors determined to change the Company&rsquo;s fiscal year end to December 31 from August
31. The Company believes this change will benefit the Company by aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer
coffee companies.

On
May 23
 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&rsquo;s of Bloomsbury Limited (&ldquo;Bea&rsquo;s&rdquo;)
 a UK company
 for shares of common
stock of the Company. See Note 2. Bea&rsquo;s became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Bea&rsquo;s has five
shop locations in the UK which serves coffee and food.



    
    



Effective
October 29
 2018
 majority of the shareholders of the Company approved the following changes to the Company&rsquo;s Articles of
Incorporation:

On
October 29
 2018
 the majority of the shareholders of the Company approved the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change
the Company&rsquo;s name from &ldquo;DOCASA
 Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&rdquo; The purpose of the
name change will help further our brand identity and will reflect the major focus of our business operations as a specialty coffee
company. The filing of the name change with the state of Nevada was completed and effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company
filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on November 1
 2018. On December 4
 2018
 both changes were approved.

On
November 15
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth
Acland
 and Martyn Ward for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u (&ldquo;Cafe2u&rdquo;). Cafe2u became a subsidiary
of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Cafe2u is a franchised mobile coffee van and has 85 vans in the UK all operating under
a master franchise agreement.

On
December 1
 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&ldquo;Dollop&rdquo;). Dollop became a subsidiary
of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes and provides roasting and distribution and
has 16 locations in Chicago
 Illinois.

On
December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery
Department Ltd. (&ldquo;The Roastery&rdquo;). The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The
Roastery is a roastery and has one location in the UK.


On
various dates
 DEPT-UK executed various share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for
coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
 as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets
were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $783
869 in cash and deferred cash
payments of $594
692.

Nature
of Operations

We
are in the specialty coffee industry
 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at
forty-six company-operated stores in the UK and the US. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and
related products
 and complementary food and snacks.

Principles
of Consolidation


The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Coffeesmiths Collectives and its subsidiaries
 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL
and DEPT-UK&rsquo;s subsidiaries
 Tapped
 Bea&rsquo;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery
 Dept. Cold Brew and others. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.


Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.
The Company has no cash in excess of FDIC limits in the US and Financial Services Compensation Scheme in the UK.

Accounts
Receivable


Accounts
receivable consisted of amounts due from customers primarily for management fees. The Company considered accounts more than 30
days old to be past due. The Company used the allowance method for recognizing bad debts. When an account was deemed uncollectible
it was written off against the allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management
has recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 of $45
002 and
 as December 31
 2017
 and
August 31
 2017
 no allowance for doubtful accounts was recorded.




    
    





Inventory
is recorded at the lower of cost or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;)
method.

Fixed
Assets

Property
and equipment are recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives
of the related assets of five years for all assets
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the leased
equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures
for maintenance and repairs along with fixed assets below our capitalization threshold are expensed as incurred.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
&ldquo;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&rdquo; This statement requires that long-lived assets and
certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered
to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to
sell.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain
of our financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 the carrying amounts
approximate fair value due to their short maturities.

We
follow accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value
 provides
guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not
apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach
(comparable market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to
replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those
three levels:

Level
1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2: Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active.

Level
3: Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed
by us
 which reflect those that a market participant would use.

Revenue
Recognition

In
May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This update provides a comprehensive
new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer
at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also
requires additional disclosure about the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer
contracts. We have adopted this update. We do not believe this guidance will impact the recognition of our primary source of revenue
from company-owned coffee shops. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies
to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued
to employees. The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite
service periods using the straight-line attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance
with the measurement and recognition provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the
grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.



    
    





Advertising
is expensed as incurred and is included in other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated
statement of operations. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August
31
 2017
 advertising expense was $54
087
 $12
548
 and $39
628
 respectively.

Income
Taxes

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some
positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the
merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that
is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties
that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain
of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of December
31
 2018
 tax years 2014 - 2018 remain open for IRS audit and tax years 2015&ndash;2018 remain open for HM Revenue &amp; Customs
(&ldquo;HMRC&rdquo;) audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for any of the open tax years.

Net
Earnings (Loss) Per Share

In
accordance with ASC 260-10
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share
&rdquo; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing
the net earnings (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share are computed using the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the period.
The Company does not currently have any potential dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
and August 31
 2017.

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions

The
British Pound (&ldquo;&pound;&rdquo;) is the functional currency of DEPT-UK and the UK operations whereas the financial statements
are reported in United States Dollar (&ldquo;USD
&rdquo; &ldquo;$&rdquo;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the
exchange rates at the condensed consolidated balance sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average
exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation
gain and loss adjustments are accumulated as a component of shareholders&rsquo; equity and other comprehensive loss.

Comprehensive
Loss

The
Company reports comprehensive loss and its components in its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive loss consists of
net loss on foreign currency translation adjustments affecting shareholders&rsquo; equity that
 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded
from net loss. As of December 31
 2018
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.28 = &pound;1.00
 and
the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &pound;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the
exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.35 = &pound;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the
four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32 = &pound;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and
British Pounds was US$1.29 = &pound;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31
= &pound;1.00. For the acquisitions described herein
 the weighted average exchange rates varied by each acquisition based on
the date of acquisition exchange rate.

Going
Concern

The
Company had net loss attributable to common shareholders for the year ended December 31
 2018 of $2
678
222 and a working
capital deficit as of December 31
 2018 of $744
166
 and has cash used in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December
31
 2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company had a stockholders&rsquo; deficit and accumulated deficit of
$3
113
918 and $5
964
764
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to
continue as a going concern.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&rsquo;s plans
 which include
the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient
to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize
its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements.

There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources
to be used for operations. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and
classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company&rsquo;s current resources
 the Company
will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining
the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or
contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.


    
    






Effect
of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company reviews new accounting standards and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these financial
statements. The accounting pronouncements and updates issued subsequent to the date of these financial statements that were considered
significant by management were evaluated for the potential effect on these financial statements. Management does believe that
some of the subsequent pronouncements will have a material effect on these financial statements as presented and does not anticipate
the need for any future restatement of these financial statements because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements
issued subsequent to December 31
 2018 through the date these financial statements were issued.

In
February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&ldquo;FASB&rdquo;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires
the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets
and liabilities on the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early
adoption permitted. While the Company is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material
effect on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities.
The Company expects the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s results of operations and financial position
 and
the ASU will have no effect on cash flows.


NOTE
2 &ndash; ACQUISITIONS

Acquisition
of Tapped and Packed Ltd


 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into
an acquisition agreement (the &ldquo;Tapped Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;) with Tapped and Packed Ltd (&ldquo;Tapped&rdquo;)
 a
United Kingdom corporation. Richard Lilley
 an individual (&ldquo;Lilley&rdquo;)
 was the owner of record of 100 capital shares
of Tapped. Pursuant to the Tapped Acquisition Agreement
 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration
of &pound;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &pound;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment
to the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (&ldquo;Allesch-Taylor&rdquo;)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized
his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the &ldquo;Allesch-Taylor Shares&rdquo;)
from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125
the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325
000 Preference Shares of DEPT-UK. The Provisional Share Compensation Value
was determined by the previous day&rsquo;s closing price of $1.24 per share. The Company&rsquo;s common stock is thinly-traded
and an insignificant amount of stock traded has historically caused significant fluctuations in the price per share of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock. The Allesch-Taylor Shares of common stock were assigned to Lilley on or about October 19
 2017 and were released
in accordance to the agreement. See Notes 1
 7 and 8. Also in connection with the Tapped Acquisition Agreement
 Gill and Lopez
were appointed to serve on Tapped&rsquo;s Board of Directors.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given for DEPT-UK and the fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date.



    
    

    
    

    
237
877

Common stock
    shares given
1
918
125

    
    

Total consideration
    given
2
156
002




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
    and liabilities assumed:
    

    
    

    
200
582

    
92
052

    
51
411

Fixed assets
 net
73
337

    
119
999

    
(192
645

    
(200
804

    
(1
184

    
142
748

    
2
013
254


    
2
156
002



    
    


The
revenue and net loss for Tapped
 as reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
to reflect the current period
 was $1
813
980 and $78
765
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the
year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements were unavailable.

Acquisition
of Bea&rsquo;s of Bloomsbury Limited

On
May 23
 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into an acquisition agreement (the &ldquo;Bea&rsquo;s Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;) with Bea&rsquo;s
a United Kingdom corporation. Pursuant to the Bea&rsquo;s Acquisition Agreement
 Bea&rsquo;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK
on May 23
 2018
 in consideration of 1
933
239 shares of common stock of the Company. The Company&rsquo;s common stock was valued
at $0.84 therefore the Company recorded the value of $1
623
921. Management recorded a provisional goodwill
 as of December 31
2018
 of $1
698
321
 which is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&rsquo;s
final determination of the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1
 7 and 8.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed
at the acquisition date.



    
    

Common
    stock shares given
1
623
921

    
    

Total consideration
    given
1
623
921




Fair value of identifiable
    assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    

    
    

    
86
764

    
36
311

Fixed assets
 net
315
558

    
54
357

    
(250
365

    
(271
096

Short-term note
    payable
(45
931

    
(74
400

    
1
698
321

    
1
623
921



The
revenue and loss for Bea&rsquo;s
 as reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
to reflect the current period
 was $1
327
064 and $575
064
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and
the year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements were unavailable.


    
    


Acquisition
of Coffee Global Limited

On
November 15
 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into a share purchase agreement for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u
the &ldquo;Coffee Global Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;) with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland
and Martyn Ward. Pursuant to the Coffee Global Acquisition Agreement
 Cafe2u&rsquo;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November
15
 2018
 in consideration of &pound;825
000 ($997
350)
 to be paid in two installments; 1) &pound;357
000 ($458
299)
at the execution of the agreement
 2) additional consideration (in such sum as to be determined pursuant to the determination
of the Completion Accounts in accordance with the provision of the Share Purchase Agreement) to be paid 50% by shares (340
997)
in the Company and 50% in cash up to the maximum total additional consideration sum of &pound;468
000 ($545
594).
Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $1
192
169
 which is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce
and may be adjusted based on management&rsquo;s final determination of the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired.
See Notes 1 and 7.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed
at the acquisition date.



    
    

    
    

    
458
299

    
545
594

    
    

Total consideration
    given
1
003
893







Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
    and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
1
867

    
39
829

    
12
461

    
12
615

Fixed assets
 net
14
313

    
(269
315

    
    

    
(188
276

    
1
192
169

    
1
003
893




The
revenue and income for Cafe2u
 as reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the years ended December 31
 2018
to reflect the current period
 was $439
494 and $35
532
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the
year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements were unavailable.

Acquisition
of The Roastery Department Ltd.

On
December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share Purchase Agreement (&ldquo;The Roastery Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;) with Silverstream
Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery Department Ltd. (&ldquo;The Roastery&rdquo;). The Roastery Acquisition Agreement
provided Silverstream with preference shares of DEPT-UK in the amount of &pound;2
750
000 ($3
506
433)
 which at closing was satisfied
by the issuance of 2
750
000 shares. The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery
is a specialty coffee roaster and has one location in the UK. Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $3
771
803
which is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&rsquo;s final determination
of the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1 and 7.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date.





    
    

    
    

    
3
506
433

    
    

Total consideration
    given
3
506
433










Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
    and liabilities assumed:
    

    
30
497

    
122
100

    
    

Fixed assets
 net
117
137

    
(51
404

    
(580
665

    
97
302

    
(265
370

    
3
771
803

    
3
506
433






The
revenue and loss for The Roastery
 as reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
to reflect the current period
 was $34
227 and $24
270
 respectively.




    
    


Acquisition
of Dollop Coffee
 LLC

On
December 1
 2018
 the Company entered into a Capital Contribution Agreement (the &ldquo;Dollop Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;) with
Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
 Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner to acquire 51% of the membership interest of Dollop.
Additionally
 the Company issued shares of common stock of the Company with a fair market value of $50
000
 or 62
500 shares
to Dollop Brand
 LLC. As of December 31
 2018
 these shares were not issued and recorded as issuable. Management has calculated
provisional goodwill of $1
296
372
 which is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&rsquo;s
final determination of the fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1 and 7.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities
assumed at the acquisition date.





    
    

    
    

    
1
000
000

    
50
000

    
    

Total consideration
    given
1
050
000







Fair value of identifiable
    assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    

    
    

    
91
841

    
51
768

    
172
368

    
6
130

    
30
951

Fixed assets
 net
1
156
486

    
(213
974

    
(251
372

    
(89
481

Loans payable
 current portion
(133
810

Loans payable
    non-current portion
(1
303
988

    
(483
082

Percentage of
    company acquired
    

    
(246
372

    
1
296
372

    
1
050
000





The
revenue and loss for Dollop
 as reflected in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018 was
$796
453 and $138
870. The December 31
 2017 financials are not available at this time.


Other
Acquisitions

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company executed six purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various
third parties to acquire in the aggregate five other coffee shops and one roastery (&ldquo;Other Acquisitions&rdquo;). The acquired businesses became
subsidiaries of the Company. The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in the
aggregate
 were for $660
404 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594
692. See Note 1 and 7.



Consideration
    given:
    

    
    

    
    
869

    
594
692

Total consideration
    given
1
255
096





Fair value of identifiable assets
    acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    

    
112
252

Accounts receivable
 net
11
823

    
14
519

    
5
338

Fixed assets
 net
230
360

    
34
854

    
(23
627

    
(253
034

    
(39
399

    
(31
651

    
(11
942

Other long-term
    liabilities
(1
249

    
(158
124


    
1
413
220

    
1
255
096



    
    






summarizes the result of the operations for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 as if the acquisition of Bea&rsquo;s
 Cafe2u
The Roastery
 Dollop and the Other Acquisitions had been completed on January 1
 2017. The pro-forma financial information is
presented for informational purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if
the acquisitions had taken place on January 1
 2017. The Company used the year ended December 31
 2017 to reflect its new fiscal
year.




    
For
    the Year Ended December 31
 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
6
014
245
1
810
171
2
004
068
1
703
889
654
780
10
515
437
1
806
903
    
24
509
493

    
7
617
992
1
887
572
2
801
588
1
937
149
830
405
10
920
579
1
912
732
    
27
908
017

    
(1
603
747
(77
401
(797
520
(233
260
(175
625
(405
142
(105
829
    
(3
398
524

    
(70
996
(1
199
    
    
    
    
    
    
(72
195

    
(1
674
743
(78
600
(797
520
(233
260
(175
625
(405
142
(105
829
    
(3
470
719

    
(1
674
743
(78
600
(797
520
(233
260
(175
625
(405
142
(105
829
    
(3
470
719

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
    the period - basic
208
288
685
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
288
685





    
For
    the Year Ended December 31
 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
4
778
866
2
208
971
2
471
550
3
206
101
529
559
10
515
437
2
182
833
    
25
893
317

    
5
852
095
2
058
828
2
885
938
3
180
131
783
134
10
920
579
2
129
158
    
27
809
862

    
(1
073
229
150
143
(414
388
25
970
(253
575
(405
142
53
675
    
(1
916
545

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
284

    
(1
073
639
149
270
(414
388
25
970
(253
575
(405
142
53
675
    
(1
917
829

    
(1
073
639
149
270
(414
388
25
970
(253
575
(405
142
53
675
    
(1
917
829

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during
    the period - basic
207
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
207
100
000


NOTE
3 &ndash; INVENTORY

The
Company has inventory of various items used for the sale of coffee and complementary products. As of December 31
 2018
 December
31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 the Company had inventory of $391
824
 $96
938 and $47
477
 respectively. The Company accounts
for its inventory using the lower of cost or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;)
method.

The
inventory is as follows:



    
December 31

December 31

August 31


    
    
    
    

    
73
758
39
775
17
894

    
9
687
    
    

    
34
333
18
030
24
117

    
274
046
39
133
5
466

    
391
824
96
938
47
477






NOTE
4 &ndash; FIXED ASSETS

The
Company has fixed assets including computer equipment
 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site
furniture
 fixtures and fittings
 as reflected in the table below:




    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

Computer
    equipment
81
783
88
484
62
038

Motor
    vehicles
63
481
    
    

Office
    equipment
37
307
22
599
22
526

Site
    furniture
 fixtures and fittings
797
509
454
070
366
661

Leasehold
    improvements
4
957
158
1
808
104
1
606
067

Site
    equipment and machinery
730
172
499
831
236
972

    
6
667
410
2
873
088
2
294
264

Less:
    Accumulated depreciation
(1
297
274
(897
016
(622
088

Fixed
    assets
 net
5
370
137
1
976
072
1
672
176



The
depreciation expense for the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August
31
 2017
 was $539
539
 $99
460
 and $183
374
 respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in
accumulated depreciation is due to timing of the currency translation calculation.


NOTE
5 &ndash; INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Website
Development

The
Company has intangible assets related to website development. The amortization of the intangible assets is over a three-year period.


The
amortization expense for the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August
31
 2017
 was $3
497
 $2
357
 and $7
271
 respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in accumulated
amortization is due to timing of the currency translation calculation.


The
future estimated amortization expense is as follows:



    
7
603

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




The
Company has goodwill related to the various acquisitions. The Company has not determined the deductibility of goodwill for tax
purposes. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has $11
227
064 of goodwill
 as allocated below:




Balance
 August 31
 2017
    
    

    
2
013
254

Balance
 December 31
 2017
2
013
254

    
9
371
885

Balance
 December 31
 2018
11
385
139






    
    


NOTE
6 &ndash; NOTES PAYABLE

The
Company has notes payable as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 are as follows:



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

751

    
    
    


    
    
    

767

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    





(1)
Related party

On
July 1
 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&ldquo;Deij Capital&rdquo;)
 a related party in
which Gill is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note has been extended to July
1
 2019. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&pound;100
000)
to be drawn down as and when required. On September 30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&pound;135
464)
into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares. On May 31
 2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&pound;51
500) into
51
500 shares of Preference Shares. On October 1
 2018
 Deij Capital forgave this business loan (see Note 7).

On
July 31
 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018.
As of December 30
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $2
194. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
LLC.

On
April 30
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory
note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $5
067.

On
July 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018.
As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $5
065. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
LLC.

On
October 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $15
873. This note was acquired by Arch
Investments
 LLC.

On
January 31
 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $4
349. This note was acquired by Arch
Investments
 LLC.

On
July 28
 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices.
The loan is for four years
 with an interest rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only
payments for the first nine months followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months.
The loan was for $437
992 (&pound;352
500) with an initial $115
767 (&pound;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued
interest as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 was $264
587 (&pound;249
067)
 $391
828
(&pound;290
243)
 and $409
718 (&pound;317
941)
 respectively. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $105
834
and the non-current portion was $211
975.


On
September 8
 2016
 Tapped
 prior to being acquired by DEPT-UK
 entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is for five years
with an interest rate of 5.51%. The loan was for &pound;90
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 was
$23
356 and $68
925
 respectively. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $129
814 and the non-current portion was $41
826.



 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being
acquired by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase SBA. The loan is for ten years
 with an interest rate of 6.51%.
The loan was for $217
500. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $191
666. As of December 31
 2018
 the current
portion was $29
707 and the non-current portion was $161
960.


 2018
 Dollop
 prior to being
acquired by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase. The loan is for five years
 with an interest rate of 8.35%.
The loan was for $650
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $614
702. As of December 31
 2018
 the current
portion was $107
892 and the non-current portion was $506
810.


 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being
acquired by the Company
 entered into a&nbsp;promissory&nbsp;note with Travis Schaffner. The maturity date is January 20
 2026
with an interest rate of 1.83%. The note&#9;was for $449
054. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $398
210.
As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $60
000 and the non-current portion was $338
210.


 2018
 Dollop
 prior to
being acquired by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Pinnacle Capital Partners. The loan is for five years
 with an
interest rate of 6%. The loan was for $101
700. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $81
385. As of December
31
 2018
 the current portion was $26
346 and the non-current portion was $55
039.


of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:






    

    
482
417

    
328
861

    
281
175

    
201
374

    
234
077

    
223
606

    
1
751
510




    
    


NOTE
7 &ndash; RELATED PARTIES TRANSACTIONS

For the year ended August 31
2017
 the Company purchased $194
352 (&pound;150
817) of cakes from Dee Light Bakery Limited (&ldquo;Dee Light&rdquo;)
 a company
which Gill
 the vice chairman of the Company
 was a 50% shareholder (until November 2016).

For
the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company made sales or advances of $530
780 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&ldquo;The Roastery
Department&rdquo;) and made purchases from it of &pound;217
418
 for the year ended August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 the
Company had receivables and payables from The Roastery Department. The period ended August 31
 2017 netted as payables
of $1
198
811 (&pound;930
277). Gill
 the Company&rsquo;s vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&ldquo;Lopez&rdquo;)
 the Company&rsquo;s
chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
 was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two
parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost. On December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired The Roastery Department (see Note
2). The outstanding balances between the Company and The Roastery Department have been eliminated through intercompany eliminations.

As
of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&rsquo;s chairman
 payables of
$37
698 (&pound;28
777)
 $39
667 (&pound;29
383)
 and $41
174 (&pound;31
951)
 respectively.

As
of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&rsquo;s chief executive officer
 payables
of $26
430
 $14
679
 and $893
 respectively.

As
of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman
of the Company
 is the director and owner
 notes payable of $0 (&pound;0)
 $11
413 (&pound;8
454)
 and $70
079 (&pound;56
454)
respectively. On October 1
 2018
 Deij Capital forgave this business loan (see Note 6).

The
Company has an employment agreement with Lopez
 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners
LLP (&ldquo;Clearbrook&rdquo;)
 an entity where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor
is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15
 2017.&nbsp; Mr. Shahid was compensated
$67
803 for the year ended August 31
 2017.

On
December 21
 2018
 the Company advanced $511
738 (&pound;401
402) funds to MDG 02 Limited (&ldquo;MDG&rdquo;)
 a company
owned by Gill
 a director of the Company
 in return for an option to purchase 100% of the share capital of MDG for &pound;1.
MDG used the proceeds to acquire two coffee shops in the UK. The option expires on December 20
 2038. Gill provided the option
to the Company as an informal security for the repayment of the advanced funds. The advance is not formally documented and does
not bear or accrued interest. The Company accounts for the option as a financial instrument
 with a fair value
that is not readily determinable.

The
above related party transactions are not considered as arm&rsquo;s length transactions.


NOTE
8 &ndash; SHAREHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY

Common
Stock

The
Company is authorized to issue up to 250
000
000 shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder
to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a shareholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and
non-cumulative
 with no pre-emptive rights.

On
May 23
 2018
 the Company issued 1
932
239 shares of common stock to various third parties as compensation for the acquisition
of Bea&rsquo;s (see Notes 1 and 2).

On
December 1
 2018
 the Company recorded 62
500 shares of common stock as issuable in regards to the acquisition of Dollop (see
Note 2).

As
of December 31
 2018
 the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation.

Preference
Shares and Non-Controlling Interest


Non-controlling
interest is shown as a component of shareholders&rsquo; deficit on the consolidated balance sheets and the share of new loss attributable to non-controlling interest is shown as a component of net loss in the consolidation statements of
operations and comprehensive loss.

The
following schedule discloses the effects of changes in the Company&rsquo;s ownership interest in its subsidiaries on the Company&rsquo;s
equity:




    
For
                                         the Year Ended

    
December
                                         31
 2018

Net
    loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
2
682
300

Decrease
    in additional paid in capital related to Recognition of Non-Controlling Interest Attributable to Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Ltd.
4
077

Change
    in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest
2
678
222



The
Articles of Association of DEPT-UK
 pursuant to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference
shares
 par value &pound;1.00 per share (such subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &ldquo;Preference Shares&rdquo;).
Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK
shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688 of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference
Shares at any time or times after the date of issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to the holders not less than
three months&rsquo; previous notice in writing. The Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK
can be purchased at the value they were issued or can be converted into contributed capital. The Preference Shares are accounted
for as non-controlling interest. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 14
509
672
3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares were outstanding
 respectively. Of the outstanding shares
 1
603
460
1
708
209 and 368
209 were issued to related parties (Stefan Allesch-Taylor and Matthew Gill)
 as of December
31
 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 respectively.


    
    



DEPT-UK
has a non-controlling interest of 0.2%. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had a non-controlling
interest of $4
077. For the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company
had a non-controlling interest of $638 and $1
230
 respectively.


On
February 28
 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
500 (&pound;51
500).
See Note 7.

On
December 5
 2017
 Borough Capital contributed $25
000 (&pound;18
583) to DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 18
583 Preference Shares.

On
December 14
 2017
 Borough Capital contributed $45
000 (&pound;33
488) to the DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 33
488 Preference Shares.

During
the four months ended December 31
 2017
 20
000 Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $26
558 (&pound;20
000) to
DEPT-UK.


On
January 17
 2018
 Borough Capital
 in regards to an October 2017 contribution of $111
061 to DEPT-UK
 converted the liability
into 79
563 Preference Shares.

On
November 1
 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into the Tapped Acquisition Agreement with Tapped
 a United Kingdom corporation. See Note 2.

The
dollar amount of Preference Shares
 as recorded
 were recorded to non-controlling interest as part of consolidation.

On
December 1
 2018
 2
750
000 Preference Shares were issued for the purchase of The Roastery valued at $3
506
433 (&pound;2
750
000).

During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 10
934
594 Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $10
592
782 (&pound;8
184
574)
to DEPT-UK.

Contributions
were used to fund working capital
 acquisitions and capital expenditures. The Preference Shares are reflected on the consolidated
balance sheet as non-controlling interest.


NOTE
9 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

Legal
Matters

From
time to time
 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.
As of April 16
 2019
 there were no pending or threatened lawsuits.

Lease
Commitment

We
lease office space in Schaumburg
 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease that is monthly. This facility serves as our corporate office.

Future
minimum lease payments under leases with the various subsidiaries
 are as follows:



    
2
607
092

    
2
411
427

    
2
192
946

    
1
828
417

    
1
408
960

    
3
505
437

    
13
954
279


Note:
The above table will change in each future filing due to currency translation as applicable.

The
has 29 leases in the UK
 of which one
is for the administrative office
 a central kitchen
 two roasteries and 24 storefronts. We have 20 leases
in the United States
 19 storefronts and one roastery. Various leases have break out dates prior to expiration.

Rent
expense for the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was
$1
488
265
 $252
528
 and $463
655
 respectively.



    
    


NOTE
10 &ndash; CONCENTRATIONS

Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments
 which potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk
 consist principally of temporary cash investments.

The
Company places its temporary cash investments with financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) for the United States and the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (&ldquo;FSCS&rdquo;) for the United
Kingdom. No amounts exceeded federally insured limits as of December 31
 2018. There have been no losses in these accounts through
December 31
 2018.

Concentration
of Customer

The
Company has one customer
 which
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended
August 31
 2017
 had sales of $535
785 (&pound;408
996
 5.3% of total revenue)
 $295
659 (&pound;223
476
14.3% of total revenue)
 and $557
416 (&pound;426
180
 13.3% of total revenue)
 respectively. The Company has a contract with
the customer that expires in February 2020.


NOTE
11 &ndash; REVENUE CLASSES

Selected
financial information for the Company&rsquo;s operating revenue classes are as follows:




    
For
    the year
For
    the four
For
    the year

    
    
months
    ended
    

    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Coffee and complementary
    food products
9
306
337

1
823
938
3
669
307

    
7
592
3
704
12
425

Management
    fees
735
917
238
468
498
751

    
10
049
846
2
066
111
4
180
483




NOTE
12 &ndash; CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS

The
Company leases various assets under capital lease. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 capital lease
obligations consisted of the following:



    
December
    31

December
    31

August
    31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
57
128

    
86
476
    
20
420

    
263
469
356
778
355
914

    
23
274
25
358
    

Site furniture
    fixtures and fittings
58
776
138
454
233
669

    
431
995
520
591
667
131

Less: Accumulated
    depreciation
106
739
69
857
240
246

Fixed assets
    net
325
256
450
733
426
885



Aggregate
future minimum rentals under capital leases are as follows:




    
201
294

    
190
601

    
62
972

    
25
655


    
    

    
    

    
480
522

    
59
701

    
420
821

Less: Current
    portion of capital lease obligations
175
005

Capital lease
    obligations
 net of current portion
245
816






    
    






 2018
 December 31
2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the Company has U.S. net operating loss carry forwards of $919
868
 $300
416
 and $88
646. The
carry forward expires through the year 2039. The Company&rsquo;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual
limitations
 which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code.


from the &ldquo;expected&rdquo; tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax
rate of 21% to loss before taxes for fiscal year 2018 and the four months ended December 31
 2017)
 as follows:





    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(30
812
    
    
    
(9
331
    
    
    
(45
553
    

    
    
    
(481
759
    
    
    
(3
555
    
    
    
(367
468
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
(11
738
    
    
    
(89
615
    
    
    
(3
606
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
618
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
832
    

    
    
    
519
691
    
    
    
102
501
    
    
    
367
468
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
327
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities.


examination by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates.


of the Company&rsquo;s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 are as follows:




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during
the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.


of the Company
 the net deferred tax assets for 2018 and 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation allowance. The valuation allowance
for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $561
409
 $177
351
 and $30
140 as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 respectively.


 2017
 the United States
Government passed new tax legislation that
 among other provisions
 will lower the corporate tax rate from 34% to 21%. In addition
to applying the new lower corporate tax rate in 2018 and thereafter to any taxable income we may have
 the legislation affects
the way we can use and carry forward net operating losses previously accumulated and results in a revaluation of deferred tax
assets recorded on our balance sheet. Given that the deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation allowance
 these changes
will have no net impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial position and net loss.


attributable to acquisitions (see Note 2) will be tax deductible
 as applicable.

NOTE
14 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS




 2018
 the Company
executed an asset purchase agreement and share purchase agreements with various third parties for the acquisition of 18 coffee
shops
 a trademark and assets for approximately &pound;5.7 million. The acquisitions
 as applicable
 became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK
as a result of the transaction.


On
February 18
 2019
 Dept. Cold Brew changed its name to Baker &amp; Spice (London) Ltd.


    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

The
Securities and Exchange Commission defines the term &ldquo;disclosure controls and procedures&rdquo; to mean the company&rsquo;s
controls and other procedures of an issuer that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports
that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;) is recorded
 processed
 summarized
and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be
disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated
to the issuer&rsquo;s management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar
functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains such a system of controls
and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required to disclose in the reports it files under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive and principal
financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.

As
of the end of the period covered by this report
 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation
of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures are not designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objectives of timely alerting
them to material information required to be included in our periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information is recorded
processed
 summarized and reported with the time periods specified. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer also
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to
provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of these objectives.

Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting

Management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in
rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by
 or under
the supervision of the CEO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made in accordance with authorizations of management
and directors of the issuer; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s assets that could have a material effect on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial
statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

A
material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&rsquo;s annual or interim financial statements will not
be prevented or detected on a timely basis.

In
evaluating the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 management
used the criteria established in the Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&ldquo;COSO&rdquo;). Based on the criteria established by COSO
 management (with the
participation of the CEO and the CFO) identified the following material weaknesses in the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 which arose from the limited number of number of staff at the Company and the inability
to achieve proper segregation of duties:

The
Company lacked effective controls for ensuring the accuracy of reporting over significant account balances
 including the review
approval
 and documentation of related transactions and account reconciliations and other complex accounting procedures.

The
Company lacked effective controls because their directors are not independent.

The
Company does not have any personnel with knowledge of United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
or reporting to the Securities and Exchange Commission thereby relies on a third-party consultant for these matters.


    
    


As
a result of these material weaknesses
 management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31
 2018
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by COSO.

This
Annual Report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Security and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this Annual Report.

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

Except
as set forth above and below
 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls

The
Company&rsquo;s management
 including the CEO and CFO
 does not expect that our limited disclosure controls and procedures or
internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well
designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&rsquo;s objectives will be
met. Further
 the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be
considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected. These
inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more
people
 or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under
all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks.
Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies
or procedures.

Item
9B. Other Information.



PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The
following table sets forth information with respect to persons who are serving as directors and officers of the Company. Each
director holds office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified.




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Stefan
    Allesch-Taylor CBE
    
    
    
Chairman
    (1)

Matthew
    Gill
    
    
    
Vice-Chairman
    (1)

Ashley
    Lopez
    
    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer (1)
 President (1) 

Phillip
    Maritz
    
    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer (2)










    
    
Appointed
    on September 1
 2016.

    
    
    

    
    
Appointed
    on August 28
 2018.


Biographies
of Directors and Officers

The
following is a brief account of the education and business experience during at least the past five years of each director
 executive
officer and key employee of our company
 indicating the person&rsquo;s principal occupation during that period
 and the name and
principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out.



    
    







Professor
Stefan Allesch-Taylor CBE &ndash; 

Mr.
Allesch-Taylor has been a London based financier for over 25 years
 specializing in start-ups
 business turnarounds and strategy
change. He first served as Chairman of a UK public company at the age of 27 and has continued to serve on boards in the UK
 USA
and Europe as CEO
 Chairman or senior non-executive director since that time. He has co-founded and/or served on the boards of
companies in the property
 industrial
 medical
 agriculture
 technology
 sports
 retail
 hospitality and financial services sectors.
Mr. Allesch-Taylor is the Deputy Chairman of Action Hotels PLC
 co-founder and Supervisory Board Member of Global Evolution A/S
and non-executive director of Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP. Mr. Allesch-Taylor is authorized and regulated by the UK Financial
Conduct Authority. He is authorized and regulated by the Danish Financial Services Authority. Mr. Allesch-Taylor is also approved
and authorized as a &lsquo;controller&rsquo; of a German deposit-taking bank by the Bundesbank
 BaFin and German Deposit Protection
Fund. He has co-founded and is the Chairman of several UK and international charities
 providing humanitarian aid and the alleviation
of poverty for over 1.35 million people in Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Mr. Allesch-Taylor was appointed a Commander of the
Order of the British Empire in Her Majesty The Queen&rsquo;s New Year Honours List 2014. In 2016
 he was appointed Professor in
the Practice of Entrepreneurship
 King&rsquo;s College
 London
 a global top 25 university with over 35
000 students and 6
500
staff.

Matthew
Gill &ndash; 

Matthew
Gill has been an executive director and an investor of a number of organizations
 both public and private over the last 15 years
in the United States and United Kingdom. He has worked principally in corporate start-ups and turnarounds as a strategic advisor
in a variety of sectors
 including property
 technology
 food retail and financial services
 helping to arrange finance when necessary.

He
is a founding member of the Central London Rough Sleepers Committee
 providing free meals and support for the homeless in Central
London and serving 10
000 meals since its inception in 2008. He serves as a Director of Pump Aid
 an award-winning UK charity
that has provided clean water to over 1.35 million people in the poorest communities in rural Malawi and Zimbabwe. He is also
a Director of The Afri-CAN Charity
 an organization that focuses on training
 permanent employment and providing free school
breakfasts in South Africa and Malawi.

Matthew
is the Director of UK charity Team Up. Team Up trains volunteer undergraduate students to tutor disadvantaged children in private
lessons in attaining essential GSCE&rsquo;s. To date
 over 5
000 children in London have benefitted from the program.

Mr.
Gill holds a BSc in Business Administration from Coventry University.


    
    


Ashley
Lopez 

Ashley
Lopez is a Chicago native who studied in Minnesota and subsequently in London. She became a Director of Department of Coffee and
Social Affairs in March 2012. Ashley has served as the Head of HR
 Chief Operating Officer and was appointed Chief Executive Officer
in January 2015. Ashley led and executed the growth plan for Department of Coffee and Social Affairs. Responsible for more than
500 employees in the United Kingdom. She led the businesses expansion into the United States as well as overseeing the acquisitions
of businesses in the United Kingdom.

In
January 2016
 she was appointed as a Trustee of the award-winning water charity
 Pump Aid. She is a Trustee of The Afri-CAN Children&rsquo;s
Charity and is a founding Member of the Central London Rough Sleepers Committee (&ldquo;CLRSC&rdquo;).

Ashley
holds a BA in Law from Winona State University
 an MSc in Law &amp; Finance from Queen Mary University
 London and a MA in Management
from the University of Westminster
 London. In July 2016
 she was chosen as the UK business magazine
 Management Today&rsquo;s
top 5 businesswomen in the UK under 35 years old.

Phillip
Maritz &ndash; 


Phillip
Maritz is a Board level CFO with a demonstrable track record of influencing strategic decisions within fast growth mid-market
organizations that are expanding via a buy-and-build or international expansion. A South African native who was trained at BDO
subsequently moved to the UK in 2009 where he spent several years building his finance career within Tesco
 Omnifone Group and
more recently Paperhat Group. He joined Paperhat Group in 2014
 sitting on the main Group Board and was pivotal in leading and
growing the Group&rsquo;s revenue from &pound;11mil to &pound;30mil and staff from 30 to 200 over 3 years. Phillip has a diverse
skill set across fundraising
 M&amp;A and Due Diligence
 commercial and strategic decision making and international expansion
making him a valued addition to any business with an ambitious growth strategy.

Phillip
was appointed as CFO for Department of Coffee and Social Affairs in September
2018. A key hire in which he will be instrumental in achieving their ambition to create the UK&rsquo;s first national specialty
coffee group.

Phillip
holds a BA in Accounting from Stellenbosch University and a MA in Accounting from the University of South Africa. He is a registered
chartered accountant with the South African Institute of Chartered Accountants.

There
are no family relationships among any of our directors and executive officers.

Our
directors are elected at the annual meeting of the shareholders
 with vacancies filled by the Board of Directors
 and serve until
their successors are elected and qualified
 or their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be
taken at any annual or special meeting of shareholders of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting
 without
prior notice and without a vote
 if consent of consents in writing setting forth the action so taken
 shall be signed by the holders
of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action
at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by
delivery to its registered office
 its principle place of business
 or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of
the book in which the proceedings of meetings are recorded.

Indemnification
of Directors and Officers

Nevada
Corporation Law allows for the indemnification of officers
 directors
 and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to
indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for liabilities
 including reimbursement for expenses
 incurred arising under
the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent
authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs
 executors and Consultants; provided
 however
 that
except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification
 the Company will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer
in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized
by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred will include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses
(including attorney&rsquo;s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition.

The
Company may
 to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors
 provide rights to indemnification and to the
advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company.
The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent
applicable.


    
    


Furthermore
the Company may maintain insurance
 at its expense
 to protect itself and any director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company
or another company against any expense
 liability or loss
 whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person
against such expense
 liability or loss under the Nevada General Corporation Law.

Director
Compensation

During
the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 we did not have an independent director. Directors that were employees were
not paid any fees for their role as director.

Involvement
on Certain Material Legal Proceedings During the Last Five Years

No
director
 officer
 significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding
 exclusive of traffic violations.

No
bankruptcy petitions have been filed by or against any business or property of any director
 officer
 significant employee or
consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these
persons were general partners or executive officers.

No
director
 officer
 significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined
 barred
 suspended or otherwise
limited from involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities.

No
director
 officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law.

Directors&rsquo;
and Officers&rsquo; Liability Insurance

The
Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. does not have directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance insuring our directors and
officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers.

Code
of Ethics

We
intend to adopt a code of ethics that applies to our officers
 directors and employees
 including our principal executive officer
and principal accounting officer
 but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written
code of ethics in the near future.

Corporate
Governance &amp; Board Independence

Our
Board of Directors consists of two directors and has not established a Nominating or Governance Committees as standing committees.
The Board does not have an executive committee or any committees performing a similar function. We are not currently listed on
a national securities exchange or in an inter-dealer quotation system that has requirements that a majority of the board of directors
be independent.

Due
to our lack of operations and size
 and since we are not currently listed on a national securities exchange
 we are not subject
to any listing requirements mandating the establishment of any particular committees; all functions of a nominating/governance
committee were performed by our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such
committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary.
Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at the early stage of the company&rsquo;s
development
 and our board of directors believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members
of our board of directors.

We
believe that members of our board of directors are capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding
internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. We believe that retaining an independent director who would qualify
as an &ldquo;audit committee financial expert&rdquo; would be overly costly and burdensome and is not warranted in our circumstances
given the early stages of our development and the fact that we have not generated any material revenues to date.

Board
Leadership Structure and the Board&rsquo;s Role in Risk Oversight.

The
Board of Directors is led by the Chairman who is also the controlling shareholder. The Company has two directors
 and a Chief
Executive Officer and a Chief Financial Officer reporting to the Board of Directors. Our structure provides the Company with multiple
leaders who represent the Company to our shareholders
 regulators
 business partners and other stakeholders
 among other
reasons set forth below.



    
    
This
    structure creates efficiency in the preparation of the meeting agendas and related Board materials as the Company&rsquo;s
    Chief Executive Officer works directly with those individuals preparing the necessary Board materials and is more connected
    to the overall daily operations of the Company. Agendas are also prepared with the permitted input of the full Board of Directors
    allowing for any concerns or risks of any individual director to be discussed as deemed appropriate. The Board believes that
    the Company has benefited from this structure is in the best interest of the shareholders.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Company believes this structure allows for efficient and effective oversight
 given the Company&rsquo;s relatively small size
    its corporate strategy and focus.



    
    


The
Board of Directors does not have a specific role in risk oversight of the Company. The Chairman
 President and Chief Executive
Officer and other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the
Company&rsquo;s risks.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
table below sets forth
 for our last two fiscal years
 the compensation earned by Ashley Lopez
 our chief executive officer
 president
and former chief financial officer
 Phillip Maritz
 our chief financial officer
 and Kazi Shahid
 our former chief financial officer.
The Company has executed an employment agreement with Ms. Lopez.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Principal
    Position
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
78
600
    
    
    
    
    
78
600

Chief Executive
    Officer

    
77
700
    
    
    
    
    
77
700

President and Chief
    Financial Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
26
200
    
    
    
    
    
26
200

Chief Financial
    Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
67
803
67
803

Chief Financial
    Officer
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








    
Ms.
                                         Lopez was appointed to chief executive officer and president for the Company on September
                                         1
 2016. Ms. Lopez was appointed to chief financial officer on March 15
 2017. On August_28
                                         2018
 she resigned as chief financial officer. Previously
 Ms. Lopez was appointed to
                                         the same positions at Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited on January 1
 2015.
                                         Ms. Lopez initially began with the subsidiary on March 1
 2012. Ms. Lopez is an employee
                                         of the subsidiary. Ms. Lopez salary is paid in British Pounds and the variance is
                                         due to the currency translation variance between the years.
        

    
    

    
Mr.
                                         Maritz was appointed to chief financial officer on August 28
 2018.
        

    
    

    
Mr.
    Shahid was appointed as chief financial officer for the Company on September 1
 2016 and resigned on March 15
 2017. Previously
    Mr. Shahid was appointed to the same positions at Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited on January 17
 2016. Mr.
    Shadid initially began with the subsidiary on January 17
 2016. Mr. Shadid was compensated as a consultant through his consulting
    company.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Change
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Value
    and
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
or
    Paid in 
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
All
    Other
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Awards
    (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stefan
                                         Allesch-
Taylor
        (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Matthew
    Gill (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




(1)
    Mr. Allesch-Taylor was appointed as Chairman on September 1
 2016. &nbsp;Mr. Allesch-Taylor purchased Department of Coffee
    and Social Affairs Limited
 a subsidiary of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 where he is the Chairman.

    

(2)
    Mr. Gill was appointed as Director on September 1
 2016. &nbsp;Mr. Gill was appointed on June 2
 2010
 as a Director of Department
    of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a subsidiary of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 where he is a Director.



    
    


Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters.

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (and preferred stock)
as of December 31
 2018
 for (i) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 beneficially owns more than 5% of our common stock;
(ii) each executive officer and named officer; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless
otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each of the shareholders named in the table has sole voting
and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated
 the address
of each of the shareholders listed below is: c/o 1901 North Roselle Road
 Suite 800
 Schaumburg
 Illinois 60195.



    
    
Amount
    &amp;
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
of
    Beneficial
Percent
    of

Title
    of Class
Name
    of Beneficial Owners
Ownership
    (1)
Class
    (2)

    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001
    par value
Stefan Allesch-Taylor
    CBE (4)
110
300
000
    

Common stock
 $0.001 par value
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001 par value
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001 par value
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Common stock
 $0.001 par value
    
110
300
000
    









    
Beneficial
    Ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting
    or investment power with respect to securities. Each of the beneficial owners listed above has direct ownership of and sole
    voting power and investment power to the shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.

    
    

    
As
    of December 31
 2018
 a total of ___ shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock are considered to be outstanding (and does
    not include issuable) pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1). For each Beneficial Owner listed
 any options exercisable within 60
    days have been also included for purposes of calculating their percent of class.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Transactions
with Related Persons



Director
Independence

We
currently do not have any independent directors
 as the term &ldquo;independent&rdquo; is defined in Section 303A of the NYSE
Listed Company Manual. Since the OTC Link quotation board operated by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. does not have rules regarding director
independence
 the Board makes its determination as to director independence based on the definition of &ldquo;independence&rdquo;
as defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (&ldquo;NYSE&rdquo;).

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The
following table sets forth the fees billed by our principal independent accountants
 Turner
 Stone and Company (2018 and 2017)
and Green &amp; Company CPA&rsquo;s (for a portion of 2017)
 for the categories of services indicated.



    
    
Years
    Ended 
December 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Audit
    Fees
    
    
    
    
    
    
79
000
    

Audit
    Related Fees
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tax
    Fees
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

All
    Other Fees
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
79
000
    


Audit
fees.
and services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with year-end and quarter-end statutory and regulatory
filings or engagements.

Audit-related
fees.
periodic reports and audit related consulting.

Tax
fees.
 tax advice and tax planning.

Other
fees.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.



See
the Exhibit Index following the signature page of this Registration Statement
 which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on July 22
 2014)

    
    
Bylaws
    (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on July 22
 2014)

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment
 Change of Name (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16
 2016)

    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment
 Change of Fiscal Year (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16
 2016)

    
    
Acquisition
    Agreement between DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) and Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited (incorporated
    by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6
 2016)

    
    
Employment
    agreement with Ashley Lopez (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20
 2017)

    
    
Consulting
    agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January
    20
 2017)

31
    (1)
    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. required by Rule 13a-14(1)
    or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
    2002

32
    (1)
    
Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
    and Section 1350 Of 18 U.S.C. 63

    
    
Unaudited
    Pro-Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January
    20
 2017)

101.INS
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Instance Document

101.SCH
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document

101.CAL
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document

101.DEF
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document

101.LAB
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document

101.PRE
    (2)
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document








    
        
        
        
Filed
                                         herewith.
        

    
XBRL
    (Extensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus
    for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18
    of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections.


Financial
Statement Schedules




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



April
    16
 2019
    
/s/
    Ashley Lopez

    
    
Ashley
    Lopez
 Principal Executive Officer

    
    
    

April
    16
 2019
    
/s/
    Phillip Maritz

    
    
Phillip
    Maritz
 Principal Financial Officer


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



April
    16
 2019
    
/s/
    Stefan Allesch-Taylor

    
    
Stefan
    Allesch-Taylor

    
    
CBE
    Chairman

    
    
    

April
    16
 2019
    
/s/
    Matthew Gill

    
    
Matthew
    Gill

    
    
    



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
31.1

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Ashley Lopez
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this quarterly report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Small Business Issuer as of
 and for
    the periods presented in this quarterly report;

    
    

    
The
    Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
    controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Small Business Issuer and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 is made known to us by others within those entities
    particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
[Omitted
    pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238];

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
    conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
    report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
    the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the
    case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
    control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board
    of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
    financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 16
 2019
    
/s/
    Ashley Lopez

    
    
Ashley
    Lopez

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    


EXHIBIT
31.2

CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
Phillip Maritz
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this quarterly report;

    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the Small Business Issuer as of
 and for
    the periods presented in this quarterly report;

    
    

    
The
    Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure
    controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting
    (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Small Business Issuer and have:




    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the small business issuer
 is made known to us by others within those entities
    particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
[Omitted
    pursuant to SEC Release No. 33-8238];

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our
    conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this
    report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during
    the small business issuer&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the small business issuer&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the
    case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting; and




    
The
    Small Business Issuer&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal
    control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer&rsquo;s auditors of the small business issuer&rsquo;s board
    of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):




    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small business issuer&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report
    financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the small business
    issuer&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 16
 2019
    
/s/
    Phillip Maritz

    
    
Phillip
    Maritz

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    













     



EXHIBIT
32.1

CERTIFICATION
OF
PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Report of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2018
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Ashley
Lopez
 the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.




Date:
    April 16
 2019
    
/s/
    Ashley Lopez

    
    
Ashley
    Lopez

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer



    
    


EXHIBIT
32.2

CERTIFICATION
OF
PRINCIPAL
ACCOUINTING OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with the Report of The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended
December 31
 2018
 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Phillip
Maritz
 the Chief Financial Officer of the Company
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
The
    Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    

    
The
    information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
    of the Company.




Date:
    April 16
 2019
    
/s/
    Phillip Maritz

    
    
Philip
    Maritz

    
    
Chief
    Financial Officer



    
    












begin 644 rep_001.jpg


Y@0E7FC5AU!< T 3T5$DT4N?+D1\==K XJ6@
M HHHH ***J6LXN8!* 1\S*5/9E)4C\P: +=%5IY1$FY@2-P4 8Y)( Z^YJM/


;LC





O$!D *_9#P?7(Q^N*

M5#N7\R

M^TIC'4J




/#(2R/CJN#T/7IBH'L](
MUJX^U19D2X^\Z':\3@?F
C]0/6M32]
FL1

M5VE9KNG]S-&HQU6_9CM NDOM)6=4V



&X+I&7.)%ZYY X]#

L)YH@IO+2W


K)$X93].*V)W/,/_Q
M)\

M=K-+J$L
$PRK(99%)Q@]

#G

B

US*K:



MV?\ CV;_ 

XI2Z^:J'J06'X8_QK*AG
GB.ZBSQ%;)^99C_+%/M9OM&O7N


?]]&K
M'GJ;OR 




DGUJ9R2T
JLTM!****Y3


M9G9!(AR

0MAJ+?9;E6&!DD!6_ _H37H^F;_ (8?



M/B#QQ=C

35U8] GD&FV






I!ZO


ZU9

M!=/N_GC]*W;_ 

MUT#U1BL0)[LYY;\ ?K7;!K9].K
9J.[/!=:LH]+U_4-.0%DMKN2%=QW'L0
M?RJD*M:MJ

ZQ@[%W') S56L9'#

X]Z^GO
M$&C?\+^$]HZC-_):17EL_I,%!_7D?C7S#VKZD^$.H_^&NEKOW/;;[=S[JQ


$_NYKZ.X

MR9(!E@

  $^O%4WUV-98XXHC.)U#6^QA


9=S6E@WV'3\]
8P6'U&3_P.O7JX7X1:3_9'PWTH
I$EVANY
]S(

X[:F;=0W\
AFLY5D7.6MYC\I_W6ZJ?KD?2
MLVXO]-UJ


37)?'G:/ EGN&0-3
MB_\ 0),5SX=0LW]OZV+J.36NYZ+HUN+/0M/M5QB&VCC&/90*?<6GGG<MQ/
MWK&_]#D?I5E65D#*05(R/2H)X)9








MXMY9P0MU+


=G827L_4E&


'!NFC5(U]

M!@;5X4&NRG4A)N
PTPGM)6&Z3SY2P4]QEB
7C[VP]?\^U.MK6;4+ZULK5-]S<2K%OJ[' _G7T?\
M$C4(K?X+-R#]KM[:)



$'O7

Q\J.8WE@& !


.@Z]\?SJUHDD


\4US'$2H


UYSE[.KHF[=;WT
M_)(U6L;&+9 ^#_C+=VTK

ML^F.4U*UQ=Z=



MCZ=K5=@NI#)(^WY;:$8 S]%P .Y-9\JBW9;BG)V2


ASG<DQ&X)GD'';_ #BI=+LTMKZ]T'4 )+68


*



M0\D^+3OK?B'PEX0@D8&^O1







M&K_[MP39[\8!;.Z)_P#@0_G7K$'CCPE8O
MWQ5U+0M7UFS\1Z%J]M+?(PBEAC)##8Q


MU2&SO)AYEQ#(K@+*1\^#C&
Y/7O6AH?C[P=!9?94\16&%EDV!GVG:6+#K[&N

E#['I5R2*#7-
B9MR;



UT[(S;T.


DLC' 50

M3_=IE/L=SX'\

M$?B_0OLZ



M)J


M?'_Q(U=F5+O488^@%I9%
?4A
_K7U D

RB2Z43Y

MOSQFB



end


















        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


















    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    

    
    













    
    
    
    

 Inc.
 formerly&#13;known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Coffeesmiths&#13;Collective&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed&#13;its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot&#13;sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016

 2016
 the Company experienced a&#13;change in control. Atlantik LP (&amp;#8220;Atlantik&amp;#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common&#13;stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &amp;#8220;Seller&amp;#8221;).&#13;On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000

 2016
 the Company acquired&#13;99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &amp;#8220;DEPT-UK&amp;#8221;)
&#13;and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&amp;#8212;110
000
000&#13;shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August&#13;31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2019. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which&#13;shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the&#13;initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned&#13;subsidiary of the Company

 Department&#13;of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&amp;#8220;DCIA&amp;#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for&#13;England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;DEPT-IL&amp;#8221;)

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&amp;#8220;DEPT-UKWS&amp;#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England&#13;and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK. As of December 31
 2018

 the acquisition&#13;of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &amp;#8220;reverse merger&amp;#8221; rather than a business&#13;combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
&#13;the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting&#13;purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities&#13;and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and&#13;have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include&#13;the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK

 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped&#13;and Packed Ltd (&amp;#8220;Tapped&amp;#8221;)
 a UK company

 2018

 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&amp;#8217;s&#13;of Bloomsbury Limited (&amp;#8220;Bea&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;)
 a UK company

 2018

 2018
 the majority of the shareholders&#13;of the Company approved the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&amp;#8217;s name from &amp;#8220;DOCASA
 Inc.&amp;#8221;&#13;to &amp;#8220;The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&amp;#8221; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will&#13;reflect the major focus of our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state&#13;of Nevada was completed and effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on&#13;November 1
 2018. On December 4
 2018

 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share&#13;Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland

 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective&#13;executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
 Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for&#13;the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Dollop&amp;#8221;). Dollop became a subsidiary of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result&#13;of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes and provides roasting and distribution and has 16 locations in Chicago

 2018

 DEPT-UK executed various&#13;share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
&#13;as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations&#13;of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $783
869 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594

 specifically&#13;with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at forty-six company-operated stores in the UK and the&#13;US. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products

 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries
 Tapped
&#13;Bea&amp;#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery

 it was written off against the allowance.&#13;The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has recorded an allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts as of December 31
 2018 of $45
002 and
 as December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment&#13;or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#8221; This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be&#13;reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted&#13;net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired

 including cash
&#13;accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses

 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires&#13;certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting&#13;pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based&#13;payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach&#13;(present value of future income or cash flow)


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us

 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue&#13;from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This update provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company&#13;to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it&#13;expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature
&#13;amount

 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 advertising expense&#13;was $54
087
 $12
548
 and $39
628

&#13;&amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon&#13;examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount&#13;of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position&#13;is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is&#13;more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
&#13;if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not&#13;recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon&#13;settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the&#13;amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying condensed&#13;consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon&#13;examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company&#13;has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31
 2018

 &amp;#8220;Earnings&#13;Per Share
&amp;#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by&#13;the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using&#13;the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the period. The Company does not currently have any potential&#13;dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31

&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the condensed consolidated&#13;balance sheet date

 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of December 31
 2018
 the&#13;exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.28 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the&#13;year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &amp;#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British&#13;Pounds was US$1.35 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32&#13;= &amp;#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the&#13;weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31 = &amp;#163;1.00. For the acquisitions described herein

 2018 of $2
678
222 and a working capital deficit as of December 31
 2018 of $744
166
&#13;and has cash used in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December 31
 2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company&#13;had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit and accumulated deficit of $3
113
918 and $5
964
764

 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization&#13;of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations&#13;is dependent on the execution of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity&#13;markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company&#13;were not to continue as a going concern

 the Company will not be able to continue to operate without&#13;additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
&#13;the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets


 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising&#13;from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.&#13;The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company&#13;is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial&#13;condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to&#13;have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations and financial position


 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 the Company&#13;had inventory of $391
824
 $96
938 and $47
477

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Consumable products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cold brew&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Retail products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Food and drinks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;274
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47


 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site furniture
 fixtures and fittings

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;August 31





307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;797
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;454
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;366

957
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
808
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
606

172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;499
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;236

667
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
873
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
294

297




370

976

672

 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $539
539
 $99
460
 and&#13;$183
374


 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $3
497
 $2
357
 and $7
271


 2018
 the Company&#13;has $11
227
064 of goodwill

 August 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
371
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
385


 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 37%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;262
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;275
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;396
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;409
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;409
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;101
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deij Capital Limited (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Chase SBA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Chase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;614
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;614
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pinnacle&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Schaffner&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;398
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;398
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee Global Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;BSD LLC Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Citibank LOC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HP Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
751
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
767
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;528
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;542
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;512
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;512

 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business&#13;loan with Deij Capital Limited (&amp;#8220;Deij Capital&amp;#8221;)
 a related party in which Gill is the director and owner. The loan&#13;is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note has been extended to July 1
 2019. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial&#13;as of December 31
 2018. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&amp;#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On September&#13;30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&amp;#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares. On May 31
&#13;2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&amp;#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares. On October 1
 2018

 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory&#13;note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest&#13;bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 30
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the principal was $2
194. This note was acquired by Arch Investments

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory&#13;note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest&#13;bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed&#13;immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $5

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory&#13;note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest&#13;bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the principal was $5
065. This note was acquired by Arch Investments

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory&#13;note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest&#13;bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the principal was $15
873. This note was acquired by Arch Investments

 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory&#13;note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest&#13;bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the principal was $4
349. This note was acquired by Arch Investments

 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business&#13;loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices. The loan is for four years
 with an interest&#13;rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only payments for the first nine months&#13;followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months. The loan was for $437
992 (&amp;#163;352
500)&#13;with an initial $115
767 (&amp;#163;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued interest as of December 31
 2018
 December&#13;31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 was $264
587 (&amp;#163;249
067)
 $391
828 (&amp;#163;290
243)
 and $409
718 (&amp;#163;317
941)
 respectively.&#13;As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $105
834 and the non-current portion was $211

 2016
 Tapped
 prior to being&#13;acquired by DEPT-UK
 entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is for five years
 with an interest rate of 5.51%. The loan&#13;was for &amp;#163;90
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 was $23
356 and $68
925
 respectively. As of&#13;December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $129
814 and the non-current portion was $41

 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being acquired&#13;by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase SBA. The loan is for ten years
 with an interest rate of 6.51%. The loan&#13;was for $217
500. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $191
666. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion&#13;was $29
707 and the non-current portion was $161

 2018
 Dollop
 prior to being acquired&#13;by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase. The loan is for five years
 with an interest rate of 8.35%. The loan was&#13;for $650
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $614
702. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was&#13;$107
892 and the non-current portion was $506

 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being&#13;acquired by the Company
 entered into a&amp;#160;promissory&amp;#160;note with Travis Schaffner. The maturity date is January 20
 2026
&#13;with an interest rate of 1.83%. The note&amp;#9;was for $449
054. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $398
210. As&#13;of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $60
000 and the non-current portion was $338

 2018
 Dollop
 prior to being&#13;acquired by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Pinnacle Capital Partners. The loan is for five years
 with an interest&#13;rate of 6%. The loan was for $101
700. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $81
385. As of December 31
 2018
&#13;the current portion was $26
346 and the non-current portion was $55

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;482
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;328
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;281
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;223
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
751


 2017
 the Company&#13;purchased $194
352 (&amp;#163;150
817) of cakes from Dee Light Bakery Limited (&amp;#8220;Dee Light&amp;#8221;)
 a company which Gill
 the&#13;vice chairman of the Company

 2017
 the Company&#13;made sales or advances of $530
780 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&amp;#8220;The Roastery Department&amp;#8221;) and made purchases from&#13;it of &amp;#163;217
418
 for the year ended August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 the Company had receivables and payables from The&#13;Roastery Department. The period ended August 31
 2017 netted as payables of $1
198
811 (&amp;#163;930
277). Gill
 the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&amp;#8220;Lopez&amp;#8221;)
 the Company&amp;#8217;s chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors&#13;of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
 when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
&#13;was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost.&#13;On December 1
 2018

 2018
 and 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&amp;#8217;s chairman
 payables of $37
698 (&amp;#163;28
777)
 $39
667 (&amp;#163;29
383)
&#13;and $41
174 (&amp;#163;31
951)

 2018
 and 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&amp;#8217;s chief executive officer
 payables of $26
430
 $14
679
 and $893

 2018
 and 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman of the Company
 is the director and owner
&#13;notes payable of $0 (&amp;#163;0)
 $11
413 (&amp;#163;8
454)
 and $70
079 (&amp;#163;56
454)
 respectively. On October 1
 2018

 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP (&amp;#8220;Clearbrook&amp;#8221;)
 an entity&#13;where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement&#13;with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15
 2017.&amp;#160; Mr. Shahid was compensated $67
803 for the year ended August 31

 2018
 the Company advanced&#13;$511
738 (&amp;#163;401
402) funds to MDG 02 Limited (&amp;#8220;MDG&amp;#8221;)
 a company owned by Gill
 a director of the Company
 in return&#13;for an option to purchase 100% of the share capital of MDG for &amp;#163;1. MDG used the proceeds to acquire two coffee shops in the&#13;UK. The option expires on December 20
 2038. Gill provided the option to the Company as an informal security for the repayment&#13;of the advanced funds. The advance is not formally documented and does not bear or accrued interest. The Company accounts for the&#13;option as a financial instrument


000
000&#13;shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted&#13;to a shareholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative

 2018
 the Company issued 1
932

 2018
 the Company recorded 62

 2018

 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
682
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Decrease in additional paid in capital related to Recognition of Non-Controlling Interest Attributable to Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
678

 pursuant&#13;to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference shares
 par value &amp;#163;1.00 per share (such&#13;subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &amp;#8220;Preference Shares&amp;#8221;). Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited&#13;distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688&#13;of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference Shares at any time or times after the date of&#13;issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to the holders not less than three months&amp;#8217; previous notice in writing. The&#13;Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK
 can be purchased at the value they were issued or can&#13;be converted into contributed capital. The Preference Shares are accounted for as non-controlling interest. As of December 31
&#13;2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 14
509
672
 3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares were outstanding
 respectively. Of the&#13;outstanding shares
 1
603
460
 1
708
209 and 368
209 were issued to related parties (Stefan Allesch-Taylor and Matthew Gill)
 as&#13;of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017

 2018
 the Company had a non-controlling interest of $4
077. For the four months ended December&#13;31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company had a non-controlling interest of $638 and $1
230

 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares&#13;were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
500 (&amp;#163;51

 2017
 Borough Capital contributed&#13;$25
000 (&amp;#163;18
583) to DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 18

 2017
 Borough Capital contributed&#13;$45
000 (&amp;#163;33
488) to the DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 33

 2017
&#13;20
000 Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $26
558 (&amp;#163;20

 2018
 Borough Capital
 in regards&#13;to an October 2017 contribution of $111
061 to DEPT-UK
 converted the liability into 79

 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into the&#13;Tapped Acquisition Agreement with Tapped

 as&#13;recorded

 2018
 2
750
000 Preference Shares&#13;were issued for the purchase of The Roastery valued at $3
506
433 (&amp;#163;2
750

 2018
 10
934
594&#13;Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $10
592
782 (&amp;#163;8
184



 we may be involved in litigation&#13;relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of April 16
 2019

 Illinois


607
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
411
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
192
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
828
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
408
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
505
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
954

 of which&#13;one is for the administrative office
 a central kitchen
 two roasteries and 24 storefronts. We have 20 leases in the United States

&#13;2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $1
488
265
 $252
528
 and $463
655


 which potentially subject&#13;the Company to a concentration of credit risk

 2018. There have been no losses in these accounts through December 31

 which
 for the&#13;year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 had sales of $535
785&#13;(&amp;#163;408
996
 5.3% of total revenue)
 $295
659 (&amp;#163;223
476
 14.3% of total revenue)
 and $557
416 (&amp;#163;426
180
 13.3% of&#13;total revenue)


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee and complementary food products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
306
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
823
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
669
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee school&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;735
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;238
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;498
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
049
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
066
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
180


 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site equipment and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;263
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;355
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site fit out costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;431
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;520
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;667
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;240
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;325
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;426

294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;480
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;420
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;175
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245


 2018
 the&#13;Company executed an asset purchase agreement and share purchase agreements with various third parties for the acquisition of 18&#13;coffee shops
 a trademark and assets for &amp;#163;3
835
582. The acquisitions
 as applicable

 2019

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Consumable products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73
758&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
775&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cold brew&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
687&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Retail products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
333&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
030&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Food and drinks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;274
046&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
133&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
824&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;96
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47



607
092&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
411
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
192
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
828
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
408
960&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
505
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
954


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Revenues:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee and complementary food products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
306
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
823
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
669
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee school&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7
592&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;735
917&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;238
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;498
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
049
846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
066
111&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
180


 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57
128&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
476&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
420&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site equipment and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;263
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;356
778&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;355
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site fit out costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23
274&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
358&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;58
776&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138
454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;233
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;431
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;520
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;667
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;106
739&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;69
857&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;240
246&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;325
256&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450
733&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;426


294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;190
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25
655&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;480
522&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;59
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Present value of minimum lease payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;420
821&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Current portion of capital lease obligations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;175
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;245

    
    
    
    
    
    







 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Accrued&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Principal&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Interest&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 37%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
194&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
065&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Arch Investments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
349&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;262
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;13
343&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;275
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;391
898&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;396
750&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;409
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;409
718&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
159&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
063&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;68
222&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
281&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
482&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;101
763&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deij Capital Limited (1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
786&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;70
079&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Chase SBA&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;191
667&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Chase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;614
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;614
702&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pinnacle&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;81
385&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Schaffner&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;398
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;398
210&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee Global Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
724&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;BSD LLC Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;226&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Citibank LOC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HSBC&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
160&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;HP Loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
644&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
751
510&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;16
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
767
916&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;528
144&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;542
478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;512
345&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;512

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration of &#163;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &#163;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment to the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (Allesch-Taylor)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the Allesch-Taylor Shares) from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125 (Provisional Share Compensation Value)
 the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s subsidiaries
 Tapped
&#13;Bea&amp;#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery


 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into an&#13;acquisition agreement (the &amp;#8220;Tapped Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Tapped and Packed Ltd (&amp;#8220;Tapped&amp;#8221;)
 a United&#13;Kingdom corporation. Richard Lilley
 an individual (&amp;#8220;Lilley&amp;#8221;)
 was the owner of record of 100 capital shares of Tapped.&#13;Pursuant to the Tapped Acquisition Agreement
 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration of&#13;&amp;#163;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &amp;#163;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment to&#13;the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (&amp;#8220;Allesch-Taylor&amp;#8221;)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized&#13;his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the &amp;#8220;Allesch-Taylor Shares&amp;#8221;)&#13;from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125
&#13;the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325
000 Preference Shares of DEPT-UK. The Provisional Share Compensation Value was&#13;determined by the previous day&amp;#8217;s closing price of $1.24 per share. The Company&amp;#8217;s common stock is thinly-traded and&#13;an insignificant amount of stock traded has historically caused significant fluctuations in the price per share of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock. The Allesch-Taylor Shares of common stock were assigned to Lilley on or about October 19
 2017 and were released&#13;in accordance to the agreement. See Notes 1
 7 and 8. Also in connection with the Tapped Acquisition Agreement

877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock shares given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
918
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
156

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;119
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(192
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(200
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;142
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
156

 as reflected&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $1
813
980&#13;and $78
765
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017

 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into an acquisition&#13;agreement (the &amp;#8220;Bea&amp;#8217;s Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Bea&amp;#8217;s
 a United Kingdom corporation. Pursuant to the&#13;Bea&amp;#8217;s Acquisition Agreement
 Bea&amp;#8217;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on May 23
 2018
 in consideration of 1
933
239&#13;shares of common stock of the Company. The Company&amp;#8217;s common stock was valued at $0.84 therefore the Company recorded the&#13;value of $1
623
921. Management recorded a provisional goodwill
 as of December 31
 2018
 of $1
698
321
 which is attributable&#13;to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&amp;#8217;s final determination of the fair value of the&#13;assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1

623
921&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
623

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;86
764&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;315
558&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;54
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(250
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(271
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
931&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(74
400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
698
321&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
623

 as reflected&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $1
327
064&#13;and $575
064
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017

 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into&#13;a share purchase agreement for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u
 the &amp;#8220;Coffee Global Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland
 and Martyn Ward. Pursuant to the Coffee Global Acquisition&#13;Agreement
 Cafe2u&amp;#8217;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 15
 2018
 in consideration of &amp;#163;825
000 ($997
350)
&#13;to be paid in two installments; 1) &amp;#163;357
000 ($458
299) at the execution of the agreement
 2) additional consideration (in&#13;such sum as to be determined pursuant to the determination of the Completion Accounts in accordance with the provision of the Share&#13;Purchase Agreement) to be paid 50% by shares (340
997) in the Company and 50% in cash up to the maximum total additional consideration&#13;sum of &amp;#163;468
000 ($545
594). Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $1
192
169
 which is attributable to common&#13;synergies
 the workforce

299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred loan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;545
594&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
003

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;39
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
313&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(269
315&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(46&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(188
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
192
169&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
003

 as reflected&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $439
494&#13;and $35
532
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017

 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share&#13;Purchase Agreement (&amp;#8220;The Roastery Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of&#13;The Roastery Department Ltd. (&amp;#8220;The Roastery&amp;#8221;). The Roastery Acquisition Agreement provided Silverstream with preference&#13;shares of DEPT-UK in the amount of &amp;#163;2
750
000 ($3
506
433)
 which at closing was satisfied by the issuance of 2
750
000 shares.&#13;The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a specialty coffee roaster and has&#13;one location in the UK. Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $3
771
803
 which is attributable to common synergies
&#13;the workforce

506
433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
506

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
497&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;122
100&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;117
137&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(51
404&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(580
665&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;97
302&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(265
370&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
771
803&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
506

 as reflected&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $34
227 and&#13;$24
270


 2018
 the Company entered into&#13;a Capital Contribution Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Dollop Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
&#13;Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner to acquire 51% of the membership interest of Dollop. Additionally
 the Company issued shares&#13;of common stock of the Company with a fair market value of $50
000
 or 62
500 shares
 to Dollop Brand
 LLC. As of December 31
&#13;2018
 these shares were not issued and recorded as issuable. Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $1
296
372
 which&#13;is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce

000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Shares given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
050

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;91
841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51
768&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;172
368&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6
130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
156
486&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(213
974&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(251
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(89
481&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loans payable
 current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(133
810&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loans payable
 non-current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
303
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(483
082&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Percentage of company acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(246
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
296
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
050

 as reflected&#13;in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018 was $796
453 and $138
870. The December 31

 2018
 the&#13;Company executed six purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties to acquire in the aggregate five&#13;other coffee shops and one roastery (&amp;#8220;Other Acquisitions&amp;#8221;). The acquired businesses became subsidiaries of the Company.&#13;The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in the aggregate
 were for $660
404 in&#13;cash and deferred cash payments of $594

869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;594
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
255

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;112
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;230
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(253
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(31
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(158
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
413
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
255

 2018 and 2017
 as if the acquisition of Bea&amp;#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery
&#13;Dollop and the Other Acquisitions had been completed on January 1
 2017. The pro-forma financial information is presented for informational&#13;purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place&#13;on January 1
 2017. The Company used the year ended December 31

 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Coffeesmiths&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pro-forma&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Collective&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tapped&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bea&amp;#8217;s&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cafe2u&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Roastery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dollop&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 37%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;6
014
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
810
171&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
004
068&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
703
889&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;654
780&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
515
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
806
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;24
509
493&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;7
617
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
887
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
801
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
937
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;830
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
920
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;1
912
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;27
908
017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
603
747&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(77
401&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(797
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(233
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(175
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(105
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(3
398
524&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(70
996&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(72
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Loss before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
674
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(78
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(797
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(233
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(175
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(105
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(3
470
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Net loss attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
674
743&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(78
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(797
520&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(233
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(175
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(105
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(3
470
719&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Net loss per common share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;208
288
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;208
288

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Coffeesmiths&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pro-forma&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Collective&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tapped&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Bea&amp;#8217;s&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Cafe2u&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Roastery&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Dollop&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Totals&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 37%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Revenue
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;4
778
866&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
208
971&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
471
550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
206
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;529
559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
515
437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
182
833&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 4%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;25
893
317&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Operating expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;5
852
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
058
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
885
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;3
180
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;783
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;10
920
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;2
129
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;27
809
862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Loss from operations&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
073
229&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;150
143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(414
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;25
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(253
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;53
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
916
545&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Other income (expense)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(873&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
284&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Loss before income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
073
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;149
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(414
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;25
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(253
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;53
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
917
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Net loss attributable to common shareholders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
073
639&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;149
270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(414
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;25
970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(253
575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(405
142&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;53
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(1
917
829&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Net loss per common share - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;(0.01&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;Weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period - basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;207
100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 9pt&gt;207
100

    
    
    
    
    


 August 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 68%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 2%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 24%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Acquisitions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
371
885&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Balance
 December 31
 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
385

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    




    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.35 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32 = &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000 ($542

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    

    

877&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Common stock shares given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
918
125&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
156

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;200
582&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;92
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;51
411&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;73
337&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;119
999&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(192
645&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Short-term note payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(200
804&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
184&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;142
748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
013
254&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
156


623

623



311&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;315






698

623




003





615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;14



192

003


506

506




 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;117





771

506


000


050






951&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
156




 current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(133

 non-current portion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(1
303



296

050


 in the aggregate
 were for $660
404 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594

869&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;594
692&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration given&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
255

 and liabilities assumed:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;112
252&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;11
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;230
360&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deposits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;34
854&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(23
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(253
034&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Taxes payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39
399&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(31
651&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other long-term liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1
249&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(158
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
413
220&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total consideration&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
255


 specifically&#13;with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at forty-six company-operated stores in the UK and the&#13;US. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products


 Inc.
 formerly&#13;known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Coffeesmiths&#13;Collective&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed&#13;its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot&#13;sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016

 2016
 the Company experienced a&#13;change in control. Atlantik LP (&amp;#8220;Atlantik&amp;#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common&#13;stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &amp;#8220;Seller&amp;#8221;).&#13;On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000

 2016
 the Company acquired&#13;99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &amp;#8220;DEPT-UK&amp;#8221;)
&#13;and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&amp;#8212;110
000
000&#13;shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August&#13;31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2019. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which&#13;shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the&#13;initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned&#13;subsidiary of the Company

 Department&#13;of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&amp;#8220;DCIA&amp;#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for&#13;England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;DEPT-IL&amp;#8221;)

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&amp;#8220;DEPT-UKWS&amp;#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England&#13;and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK. As of December 31
 2018

 the acquisition&#13;of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &amp;#8220;reverse merger&amp;#8221; rather than a business&#13;combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
&#13;the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting&#13;purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities&#13;and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and&#13;have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include&#13;the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK

 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped&#13;and Packed Ltd (&amp;#8220;Tapped&amp;#8221;)
 a UK company

 2018

 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&amp;#8217;s&#13;of Bloomsbury Limited (&amp;#8220;Bea&amp;#8217;s&amp;#8221;)
 a UK company

 2018

 2018
 the majority of the shareholders&#13;of the Company approved the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&amp;#8217;s name from &amp;#8220;DOCASA
 Inc.&amp;#8221;&#13;to &amp;#8220;The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&amp;#8221; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will&#13;reflect the major focus of our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state&#13;of Nevada was completed and effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on&#13;November 1
 2018. On December 4
 2018

 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share&#13;Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland

 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective&#13;executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
 Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for&#13;the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&amp;#8220;Dollop&amp;#8221;). Dollop became a subsidiary of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result&#13;of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes and provides roasting and distribution and has 16 locations in Chicago

 2018

 DEPT-UK executed various&#13;share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
&#13;as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations&#13;of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $783
869 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    


    




    


    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    



    
    
    

 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site furniture
 fixtures and fittings

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;August 31





307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
599&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;22
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;797
509&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;454
070&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;366

957
158&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
808
104&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
606

172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;499
831&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;236

667
410&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
873
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
294

297




370

976

672


 2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 76%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 21%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
682
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Decrease in additional paid in capital related to Recognition of Non-Controlling Interest Attributable to Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Ltd.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
678

    


    
    
    






    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    









    
    





    

    
    
    






    










    





    
    
    




    


    


    


    





    

    


    



    

    



    

    


    



    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    


    
    
    

    
    

 it was written off against the&#13;allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has recorded an allowance&#13;for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 of $45
002 and
 as December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017

    



 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment&#13;or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&amp;#8221; This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be&#13;reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted&#13;net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired


 including cash
&#13;accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses

 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires&#13;certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting&#13;pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based&#13;payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach&#13;(present value of future income or cash flow)


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us


 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
&#13;Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This update provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires&#13;a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature
&#13;amount

    

 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 advertising expense&#13;was $54
087
 $12
548
 and $39
628


 &amp;#8220;Income Taxes.&amp;#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained&#13;upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or&#13;the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a&#13;tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management&#13;believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals&#13;or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet&#13;the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent&#13;likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax&#13;positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits&#13;in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31
 2018


 &amp;#8220;Earnings&#13;Per Share
&amp;#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by&#13;the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using&#13;the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the period. The Company does not currently have any potential&#13;dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31


&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the condensed consolidated&#13;balance sheet date


 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of December 31
 2018
 the&#13;exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.28 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the&#13;year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &amp;#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British&#13;Pounds was US$1.35 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32&#13;= &amp;#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &amp;#163;1.00
 and the&#13;weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31 = &amp;#163;1.00. For the acquisitions described herein


 2018 of $2
678
222 and a working capital deficit as of December 31
 2018 of $744
166
&#13;and has cash used in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December 31
 2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company&#13;had a stockholders&amp;#8217; deficit and accumulated deficit of $3
113
918 and $5
964
764

 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization&#13;of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations&#13;is dependent on the execution of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity&#13;markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company&#13;were not to continue as a going concern

 the Company will not be able to continue&#13;to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to&#13;fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its&#13;assets



 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising&#13;from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.&#13;The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company&#13;is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial&#13;condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to&#13;have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations and financial position

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    








    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2018
 December 31
 2017
&#13;and August 31
 2017
 the Company has U.S. net operating loss carry forwards of $919
868
 $300
416
 and $88
646. The carry forward&#13;expires through the year 2039. The Company&amp;#8217;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations

 2017)

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(30
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(481
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(89
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-deductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;519
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33

 2018 and 2017

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(561
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(177
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(30

 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not&#13;be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the&#13;periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities

 the net deferred tax assets for 2018 and 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation allowance. The valuation allowance&#13;for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $561
409
 $177
351
 and $30
140 as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August&#13;31
 2017

 2017
 the United States Government&#13;passed new tax legislation that
 among other provisions
 will lower the corporate tax rate from 34% to 21%. In addition to applying&#13;the new lower corporate tax rate in 2018 and thereafter to any taxable income we may have
 the legislation affects the way we can&#13;use and carry forward net operating losses previously accumulated and results in a revaluation of deferred tax assets recorded&#13;on our balance sheet. Given that the deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation allowance


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 2017
 the United States Government passed new tax legislation that
 among other provisions

    

    




014

810

004

703


515

806

509

617
992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
887
572&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
801
588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
937
149&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;830
405&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
920
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;1
912

908

603







398




674







470

674







470

288
685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;208
288



778

208

471

206


515

182

893

852
095&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
058
828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
885
938&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3
180
131&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;783
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10
920
579&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;2
129

809

073

143&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(414

970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(253



916


073

270&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(414

970&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(253



917

073







917

100
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 107%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 107%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 9pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;207
100


 2017)

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(30
812&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
331&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(481
759&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
738&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(89
615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-deductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;519
691&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;102
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33


 2018 and 2017

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;December 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;August 31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 58%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;561
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;177
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(561
409&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(177
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(30

    


    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    


    

    





    
    






    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


















    
    






    
    






    
    




































    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    



    
    
    

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;482
417&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;328
861&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;281
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;201
374&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;234
077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;223
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
751



    
    




    
    



    







    
    







    











      






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  














































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      






      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      






      










      


      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 162
004
875
 160
012
875
 and 150
036
000 shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 and 47
146
861
 47
087
125
 and 57
064
000 conditionally issuable
 at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017



      


      


      


      






      



000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par value
 14
509
672
 3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017



      


      


      


















      


























      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      






      






      






      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      


      


      





      

      





      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      





      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      

      


      













      

      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      








      

      

      


      


      


      

      

      


      

      

      









      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      










      


      

      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      









      


      




      


      

      

      


      













      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      





      


      


      






      


      








      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      

      

      

      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      

      

      

      







      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      

      


      


      

      




      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      


      


      

      





      


      


      

      

      

      


      


      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      

      


      


      

      

      

      




      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      




      

      


      


      






      






      


      


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      


 nondeductible expense



 nondeductible expense


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      







      

      

      

      

      





 Including Discontinued Operation



 Net of Tax





      

      

      

      

      

      




      

      

      




      

      





 Plant


      




      

      

      

      

      

      





 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets


      

      





 Plant and Equipment






 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Assets



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Deferred Tax Liabilities


      


 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Current Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed
 Noncurrent Liabilities



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed



 Recognized Identifiable Assets Acquired and Liabilities Assumed





      

      

      

      

      




      


 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities



 Maturities


      


 Future Minimum Payments Due



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments



 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments Due





















 Future Minimum Payments


      

      

      










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2018
Apr. 12
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018













 INC.



























  2018







































































































010
300



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



012
875
































































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated)
 (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer or (6) Smaller Reporting Company and Large Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.




























Indicate if company meets the shell company criteria: a company with no or nominal operations
 and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents.






















































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017













540
291


803


400





163


402


822





498


768


270





824


938


477





078
776


911


969



Fixed assets
 net

370
135


976
072


672
176



Intangible assets
 net

270


556


134





281


500


660









289





385
139


013
119







738









588


199


989





046
927


137
357


486
217












Notes payable
 current portion

417


375


419





008
854


903


642





838


360


561





410


346


213





160


781


676



Deferred consideration for acquisitions
 current portion

964







Capital leases obligations
 current portion

005


874


146





062









232


634


661





822
942


973
273


444
318












Notes payable
 non-current portion

258
306


361


886





787


412


040



Capital leases obligations
 non-current portion

816


727





Deferred consideration for acquisitions
 non-current portion

404









328




003





802
641


500


929





625
583


461
773


024
247





















Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 162
004
875
 160
012
875
 and 150
036
000 shares issued and outstanding
 at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 and 47
146
861
 47
087
125
 and 57
064
000 conditionally issuable
 at December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively

092


100


100





430
022


933


969





754


278


464





964
764)


282
461)


766
367)



Total The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. shareholders' deficit

113
896)


997
150)


680
834)












Preference shares of DEPT-UK (25
000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par value
 14
509
672
 3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 respectively)

571
450


672
734


142
804





790









046
927


137
357


486
217






























Total The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. shareholders' deficit



































Total The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. shareholders' deficit



































































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of liability recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination
 expected to be settled within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liability recognized arising from contingent consideration in a business combination
 expected to be settled beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate amount of receivables to be collected from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth
 at the financial statement date. which are usually due after one year (or one business cycle).

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay)
 payable to related parties
 which are due after one year (or one business cycle).




























Amount of long-term debt classified as other
 payable after one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares








Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

004
875


012
875


036
000



Common stock
 shares outstanding

004
875


012
875


036
000





146
861


087
125


064
000












Preference shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000


000
000



Preference shares
 par value | $ / shares








Preference shares
 shares issued

509
672


575
078


642
826



Preference shares
 shares outstanding

509
672


575
078


642
826












Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000


000
000



Ordinary shares
 par value | $ / unit

















Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000


000
000



Ordinary shares
 par value | $ / unit






































































Ordinary shares
 par value.




























Ordinary shares
 shares authorized.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017











Revenue
 net

066
111


049
846


180
483














618
963


794
062


633
591





533


416


181





528


488
265


655





817


036


025









461





071


540
439


091
080





801)


586
371)


380
510)














293)


348)









582)


566)





094)


682
300)


427
076)














094)


682
300)


427
076)







077


230





456)


678
222)


425
846)





814


465


723)





642)


284
758)


459
569)














100
000


288
685


025
000







Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) in the disposal group
 including discontinued operation
 recognized in the statement of income as a result of the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity.

























































Amount
 before tax
 of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 income (loss) from continuing operations
 discontinued operations and equity method investments.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.


















































































































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.














































































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
























































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















Balance at Aug. 31
 2016

730










187




340
521)


063



Balance
 shares at Aug. 31
 2016

800





















800)




800


000


677




154
127







Recapitalization merger
 shares

730)




800
000


000
000



















936


936)













Issuance of common stock
 shares





936
000


936
000)























700








000



Issuance of common stock
 shares





000



























723)






723)

















203




203

















296)




296)













292








292

















230)


425
846)


427
076)



Balance at Aug. 31
 2017





036


064


969


464


142
804


766
367)


680
834)



Balance
 shares at Aug. 31
 2017





036
000


064
000

























814






778

















529
930




529
930









547


547)













Issuance of preference shares for acquisition
 shares





546
875


546
875)



















430


430)













Issuance of shares
 shares





430
000


430
000)


















































094)


094)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2017





013


087


933


278


672
734


282
461)


997
150)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2017





012
875


087
125

























524)






524)

















592
782




592
782





















077

















506
434




506
434

















710)




710)









992




671
089








673
081



Common stock issued for acquisition
 shares





992
000































682
303)


682
300)



Balance at Dec. 31
 2018





005


087


430
022


754


535
240


964
764)


113
896)



Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2018





004
875


087
125











































































Issuable common stock for acquisition
 shares.



















































































































Recapitalization merger
 shares.







































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
















































































































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017













456)


678
222)


425
846)














817


036


645





814


524)


723)









566









680









230)














420


243)


695)









874





446)


410)


979





950


235)


154)









678)





840)


349







211)


652)







261


561


133





867)


064







167


621
887)


665)





079)


379


585





973


598


104





135)


411
266)


424)














294)


936
809)


296)





779)




















242
170)







582


550





Acquisition of Tapped
 net

937)











738)







428)


434
167)


267)


















229
558





667)









270)


425)


986)





289









769


592
782


037





155)


811)


244
654)





966


269
921


564
955





403


428
488


263





400


803


137





803


540
291


400














293


138

























013
119


372
020





Acquisitions - Accounts receivable
 net



520









651









130









320





Acquisitions - Fixed assets
 net



808
465





Acquisitions - Intangible assets
 net



209









737









347









917
994









437
798







761











673
081









506
434







918
125











645









965











967









592









511




































Business acquisition
 contingent consideration.




















































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of capital lease obligation
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of investments in debt and equity securities
 including
 but not limited to
 held-to-maturity
 trading and available-for-sale expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 acquired at the acquisition date.

























































The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.




























The cash inflow associated with the acquisition of business during the period (for example
 cash that was held by the acquired business).




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the obligations due for goods and services provided by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries
 subsidiaries of a common parent
 an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entities' management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.






















































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all taxes owed but not paid
 including income
 property and other taxes.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in moneys or securities given as security including
 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.















































































































































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.






















































































The net cash paid (received) associated with the acquisition or disposal of all investments
 including securities and other assets.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from long-term debt by a related party. Related parties
 include
 but are not limited to
 affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 and pension trusts.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).

























































The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018








NOTE 1 &#8211; NATURE OF OPERATIONS AND
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES




 Inc.
 formerly
known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;Coffeesmiths
Collective&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed
its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot
sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from July 31 to August 31.


 2016
 the Company experienced a
change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common
stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;).
On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 76.1% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding
common stock at that time.


 2016
 the Company acquired
99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000
shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August
31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2019. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which
shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the
initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 Department
of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#8220;DCIA&#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for
England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#8220;DEPT-IL&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#8220;DEPT-UKWS&#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England
and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK. As of December 31
 2018
 DEPT-UKWS has had no operations or activity.


 the acquisition
of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &#8220;reverse merger&#8221; rather than a business
combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting
purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities
and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and
have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include
the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations
of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.


 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped
and Packed Ltd (&#8220;Tapped&#8221;)
 a UK company
 for a combination of cash and shares of common stock of the Company. See Note
2. Tapped became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Tapped has four shop locations in the UK which serve coffee
and food.


 2018
 the Board of Directors
determined to change the Company&#8217;s fiscal year end to December 31 from August 31. The Company believes this change will benefit
the Company by aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer coffee companies.


 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&#8217;s
of Bloomsbury Limited (&#8220;Bea&#8217;s&#8221;)
 a UK company
 for shares of common stock of the Company. See Note 2. Bea&#8217;s
became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Bea&#8217;s has five shop locations in the UK which serves coffee
and food.


 2018
 majority of the
shareholders of the Company approved the following changes to the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation:


 2018
 the majority of the shareholders
of the Company approved the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&#8217;s name from &#8220;DOCASA
 Inc.&#8221;
to &#8220;The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&#8221; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will
reflect the major focus of our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state
of Nevada was completed and effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on
November 1
 2018. On December 4
 2018
 both changes were approved.


 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share
Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland
 and Martyn Ward for the acquisition
of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u (&#8220;Cafe2u&#8221;). Cafe2u became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction.
Cafe2u is a franchised mobile coffee van and has 85 vans in the UK all operating under a master franchise agreement.


 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective
executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
 Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for
the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&#8220;Dollop&#8221;). Dollop became a subsidiary of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result
of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes and provides roasting and distribution and has 16 locations in Chicago
 Illinois.


 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share
Purchase Agreement with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#8220;The Roastery&#8221;).
The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a roastery and has one location in
the UK.


 DEPT-UK executed various
share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations
of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $783
869 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594
692.




 specifically
with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at forty-six company-operated stores in the UK and the
US. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks.




the accounts of Coffeesmiths Collectives and its subsidiaries
 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&#8217;s subsidiaries
 Tapped
Bea&#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery
 Dept. Cold Brew and others. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.




conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.




with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has no cash in excess of FDIC
limits in the US and Financial Services Compensation Scheme in the UK.




from customers primarily for management fees. The Company considered accounts more than 30 days old to be past due. The Company
used the allowance method for recognizing bad debts. When an account was deemed uncollectible
 it was written off against the allowance.
The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has recorded an allowance for doubtful
accounts as of December 31
 2018 of $45
002 and
 as December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 no allowance for doubtful accounts
was recorded.




or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.




Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets of five years
for all assets
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with fixed
assets below our capitalization threshold are expensed as incurred.




in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221; This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted
net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized
is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments
 including cash
accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.


and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value
 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires
certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based
payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach
(present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement
cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:


as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


prices that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.


which little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us
 which reflect those
that a market participant would use.




 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This update provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company
to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it
expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. We have adopted this update. We do not
believe this guidance will impact the recognition of our primary source of revenue from company-owned coffee shops. The adoption
of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.




issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations
the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees. The value of the portion of
an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line
attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with the measurement and recognition
provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model.




included in other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. For the
year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 advertising expense
was $54
087
 $12
548
 and $39
628
 respectively.




&#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon
examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount
of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position
is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is
more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not
recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon
settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the
amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying condensed
consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon
examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company
has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31
 2018
 tax years 2014 - 2018 remain open for IRS
audit and tax years 2015&#8211;2018 remain open for HM Revenue &#38; Customs (&#8220;HMRC&#8221;) audit. The Company has received
no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for any of the open tax years.




 &#8220;Earnings
Per Share
&#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using
the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the period. The Company does not currently have any potential
dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017.




the functional currency of DEPT-UK and the UK operations whereas the financial statements are reported in United States Dollar
(&#8220;USD
&#8221; &#8220;$&#8221;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the condensed consolidated
balance sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period.
Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are accumulated
as a component of shareholders&#8217; equity and other comprehensive loss.




its components in its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive loss consists of net loss on foreign currency translation
adjustments affecting shareholders&#8217; equity that
 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of December 31
 2018
 the
exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.28 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the
year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British
Pounds was US$1.35 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32
= &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &#163;1.00
 and the
weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. For the acquisitions described herein
the weighted average exchange rates varied by each acquisition based on the date of acquisition exchange rate.




shareholders for the year ended December 31
 2018 of $2
678
222 and a working capital deficit as of December 31
 2018 of $744
166
and has cash used in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December 31
 2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company
had a stockholders&#8217; deficit and accumulated deficit of $3
113
918 and $5
964
764
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations
is dependent on the execution of management&#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity
markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company
were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying
value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.


will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources to be used for operations. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of assets and liabilities
that might be necessary. Based on the Company&#8217;s current resources
 the Company will not be able to continue to operate without
additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.




and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these financial statements. The accounting pronouncements
and updates issued subsequent to the date of these financial statements that were considered significant by management were evaluated
for the potential effect on these financial statements. Management does believe that some of the subsequent pronouncements will
have a material effect on these financial statements as presented and does not anticipate the need for any future restatement of
these financial statements because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to December
31
 2018 through the date these financial statements were issued.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising
from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.
The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company
is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial
condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to
have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations and financial position
 and the ASU will have no effect on
cash flows.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into an
acquisition agreement (the &#8220;Tapped Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Tapped and Packed Ltd (&#8220;Tapped&#8221;)
 a United
Kingdom corporation. Richard Lilley
 an individual (&#8220;Lilley&#8221;)
 was the owner of record of 100 capital shares of Tapped.
Pursuant to the Tapped Acquisition Agreement
 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration of
&#163;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &#163;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment to
the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (&#8220;Allesch-Taylor&#8221;)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized
his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the &#8220;Allesch-Taylor Shares&#8221;)
from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125
the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325
000 Preference Shares of DEPT-UK. The Provisional Share Compensation Value was
determined by the previous day&#8217;s closing price of $1.24 per share. The Company&#8217;s common stock is thinly-traded and
an insignificant amount of stock traded has historically caused significant fluctuations in the price per share of the Company&#8217;s
common stock. The Allesch-Taylor Shares of common stock were assigned to Lilley on or about October 19
 2017 and were released
in accordance to the agreement. See Notes 1
 7 and 8. Also in connection with the Tapped Acquisition Agreement
 Gill and Lopez
were appointed to serve on Tapped&#8217;s Board of Directors.


given for DEPT-UK and the fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
237
877
    

    
    
    
1
918
125
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
156
002
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
582
    

    
    
    
92
052
    

    
    
    
51
411
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
73
337
    

    
    
    
119
999
    

    
    
    
(192
645
    

    
    
    
(200
804
    

    
    
    
(1
184
    

    
    
    
142
748
    

    
    
    
2
013
254
    

    
    
    
2
156
002
    



 as reflected
in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $1
813
980
and $78
765
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements
were unavailable.

Acquisition of Bea&#8217;s of Bloomsbury
Limited


 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into an acquisition
agreement (the &#8220;Bea&#8217;s Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Bea&#8217;s
 a United Kingdom corporation. Pursuant to the
Bea&#8217;s Acquisition Agreement
 Bea&#8217;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on May 23
 2018
 in consideration of 1
933
239
shares of common stock of the Company. The Company&#8217;s common stock was valued at $0.84 therefore the Company recorded the
value of $1
623
921. Management recorded a provisional goodwill
 as of December 31
 2018
 of $1
698
321
 which is attributable
to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&#8217;s final determination of the fair value of the
assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1
 7 and 8.


given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
86
764
    

    
    
    
36
311
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
315
558
    

    
    
    
54
357
    

    
    
    
(250
365
    

    
    
    
(271
096
    

    
    
    
(45
931
    

    
    
    
(74
400
    

    
    
    
1
698
321
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    



 as reflected
in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $1
327
064
and $575
064
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements
were unavailable.




 2018
 DEPT-UK entered into
a share purchase agreement for the acquisition of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u
 the &#8220;Coffee Global Acquisition Agreement&#8221;)
with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland
 and Martyn Ward. Pursuant to the Coffee Global Acquisition
Agreement
 Cafe2u&#8217;s stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 15
 2018
 in consideration of &#163;825
000 ($997
350)
to be paid in two installments; 1) &#163;357
000 ($458
299) at the execution of the agreement
 2) additional consideration (in
such sum as to be determined pursuant to the determination of the Completion Accounts in accordance with the provision of the Share
Purchase Agreement) to be paid 50% by shares (340
997) in the Company and 50% in cash up to the maximum total additional consideration
sum of &#163;468
000 ($545
594). Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $1
192
169
 which is attributable to common
synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&#8217;s final determination of the fair value of the assets and
liabilities acquired. See Notes 1 and 7.


given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
458
299
    

    
    
    
545
594
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
003
893
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
867
    

    
    
    
39
829
    

    
    
    
12
461
    

    
    
    
12
615
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
14
313
    

    
    
    
(269
315
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(188
276
    

    
    
    
1
192
169
    

    
    
    
1
003
893
    



 as reflected
in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the years ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $439
494
and $35
532
 respectively
 and for the four months ended December 31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the financial statements
were unavailable.




 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share
Purchase Agreement (&#8220;The Roastery Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of
The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#8220;The Roastery&#8221;). The Roastery Acquisition Agreement provided Silverstream with preference
shares of DEPT-UK in the amount of &#163;2
750
000 ($3
506
433)
 which at closing was satisfied by the issuance of 2
750
000 shares.
The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a specialty coffee roaster and has
one location in the UK. Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $3
771
803
 which is attributable to common synergies
the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&#8217;s final determination of the fair value of the assets and liabilities
acquired. See Notes 1 and 7.


given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
497
    

    
    
    
122
100
    

    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
117
137
    

    
    
    
(51
404
    

    
    
    
(580
665
    

    
    
    
97
302
    

    
    
    
(265
370
    

    
    
    
3
771
803
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    



 as reflected
in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 to reflect the current period
 was $34
227 and
$24
270
 respectively.

Acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC


 2018
 the Company entered into
a Capital Contribution Agreement (the &#8220;Dollop Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner to acquire 51% of the membership interest of Dollop. Additionally
 the Company issued shares
of common stock of the Company with a fair market value of $50
000
 or 62
500 shares
 to Dollop Brand
 LLC. As of December 31
2018
 these shares were not issued and recorded as issuable. Management has calculated provisional goodwill of $1
296
372
 which
is attributable to common synergies
 the workforce
 and may be adjusted based on management&#8217;s final determination of the
fair value of the assets and liabilities acquired. See Notes 1 and 7.


given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
050
000
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
91
841
    

    
    
    
51
768
    

    
    
    
172
368
    

    
    
    
6
130
    

    
    
    
30
951
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
1
156
486
    

    
    
    
(213
974
    

    
    
    
(251
372
    

    
    
    
(89
481
    

Loans payable
 current portion
    
    
(133
810
    

Loans payable
 non-current portion
    
    
(1
303
988
    

    
    
    
(483
082
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(246
372
    

    
    
    
1
296
372
    

    
    
    
1
050
000
    



 as reflected
in the consolidated statement of operations
 for the year ended December 31
 2018 was $796
453 and $138
870. The December 31
 2017
financials are not available at this time.




 2018
 the
Company executed six purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties to acquire in the aggregate five
other coffee shops and one roastery (&#8220;Other Acquisitions&#8221;). The acquired businesses became subsidiaries of the Company.
The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in the aggregate
 were for $660
404 in
cash and deferred cash payments of $594
692. See Note 1 and 7.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
783
869
    

    
    
    
594
692
    

    
    
    
1
255
096
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
112
252
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
11
823
    

    
    
    
14
519
    

    
    
    
5
338
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
230
360
    

    
    
    
34
854
    

    
    
    
(23
627
    

    
    
    
(253
034
    

    
    
    
(39
399
    

    
    
    
(31
651
    

    
    
    
(11
942
    

    
    
    
(1
249
    

    
    
    
(158
124
    

    
    
    
1
413
220
    

    
    
    
1
255
096
    





the result of the operations for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 as if the acquisition of Bea&#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery
Dollop and the Other Acquisitions had been completed on January 1
 2017. The pro-forma financial information is presented for informational
purposes only and is not indicative of the results of operations that would have been achieved if the acquisitions had taken place
on January 1
 2017. The Company used the year ended December 31
 2017 to reflect its new fiscal year.



    
    
For the Year Ended December 31
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
    
    
6
014
245
    
    
    
1
810
171
    
    
    
2
004
068
    
    
    
1
703
889
    
    
    
654
780
    
    
    
10
515
437
    
    
    
1
806
903
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
509
493
    

    
    
    
7
617
992
    
    
    
1
887
572
    
    
    
2
801
588
    
    
    
1
937
149
    
    
    
830
405
    
    
    
10
920
579
    
    
    
1
912
732
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
908
017
    

    
    
    
(1
603
747
    
    
    
(77
401
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
398
524
    

    
    
    
(70
996
    
    
    
(1
199
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(72
195
    

    
    
    
(1
674
743
    
    
    
(78
600
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
470
719
    

    
    
    
(1
674
743
    
    
    
(78
600
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
470
719
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
208
288
685
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
288
685
    




    
    
For the Year Ended December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
    
    
4
778
866
    
    
    
2
208
971
    
    
    
2
471
550
    
    
    
3
206
101
    
    
    
529
559
    
    
    
10
515
437
    
    
    
2
182
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
893
317
    

    
    
    
5
852
095
    
    
    
2
058
828
    
    
    
2
885
938
    
    
    
3
180
131
    
    
    
783
134
    
    
    
10
920
579
    
    
    
2
129
158
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
809
862
    

    
    
    
(1
073
229
    
    
    
150
143
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
916
545
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
284
    

    
    
    
(1
073
639
    
    
    
149
270
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
917
829
    

    
    
    
(1
073
639
    
    
    
149
270
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
917
829
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
207
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
207
100
000
    









The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











used for the sale of coffee and complementary products. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 the Company
had inventory of $391
824
 $96
938 and $47
477
 respectively. The Company accounts for its inventory using the lower of cost or
market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.





    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
758
    
    
    
39
775
    
    
    
17
894
    

    
    
    
9
687
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
333
    
    
    
18
030
    
    
    
24
117
    

    
    
    
274
046
    
    
    
39
133
    
    
    
5
466
    

    
    
    
391
824
    
    
    
96
938
    
    
    
47
477
    





































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]









computer equipment
 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
as reflected in the table below:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
81
783
    
    
    
88
484
    
    
    
62
038
    

    
    
    
63
481
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
307
    
    
    
22
599
    
    
    
22
526
    

Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
797
509
    
    
    
454
070
    
    
    
366
661
    

    
    
    
4
957
158
    
    
    
1
808
104
    
    
    
1
606
067
    

    
    
    
730
172
    
    
    
499
831
    
    
    
236
972
    

    
    
    
6
667
410
    
    
    
2
873
088
    
    
    
2
294
264
    

    
    
    
(1
297
274
    
    
    
(897
016
    
    
    
(622
088
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
5
370
137
    
    
    
1
976
072
    
    
    
1
672
176
    



ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $539
539
 $99
460
 and
$183
374
 respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in accumulated depreciation is due to timing of the
currency translation calculation.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













website development. The amortization of the intangible assets is over a three-year period.


December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $3
497
 $2
357
 and $7
271
respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in accumulated amortization is due to timing of the currency translation
calculation.


as follows:



    
    
    
7
603
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





acquisitions. The Company has not determined the deductibility of goodwill for tax purposes. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company
has $11
227
064 of goodwill
 as allocated below:



Balance
 August 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
013
254
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
2
013
254
    

    
    
    
9
371
885
    

Balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
11
385
139
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
August 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    

    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    

    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    

    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    

    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    

    
    
    
262
158
    
    
    
13
343
    
    
    
275
501
    
    
    
391
898
    
    
    
4
852
    
    
    
396
750
    
    
    
409
718
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
409
718
    

    
    
    
65
159
    
    
    
3
063
    
    
    
68
222
    
    
    
92
281
    
    
    
9
482
    
    
    
101
763
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
786
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
786
    
    
    
11
417
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
417
    
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
70
079
    

    
    
    
191
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
191
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
614
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
614
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
81
385
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
81
385
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
398
210
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
398
210
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(8
724
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
724
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
589
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
65
589
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
644
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
644
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
751
510
    
    
    
16
406
    
    
    
1
767
916
    
    
    
528
144
    
    
    
14
334
    
    
    
542
478
    
    
    
512
345
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
512
345
    





 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business
loan with Deij Capital Limited (&#8220;Deij Capital&#8221;)
 a related party in which Gill is the director and owner. The loan
is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note has been extended to July 1
 2019. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial
as of December 31
 2018. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On September
30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares. On May 31
2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares. On October 1
 2018
Deij Capital forgave this business loan (see Note 7).


 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory
note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest
bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 30
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the principal was $2
194. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory
note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest
bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed
immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 the principal was $5
067.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory
note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest
bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the principal was $5
065. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory
note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest
bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the principal was $15
873. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC.


 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory
note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest
bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of December 31
 2018. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the principal was $4
349. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC.


 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business
loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices. The loan is for four years
 with an interest
rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only payments for the first nine months
followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months. The loan was for $437
992 (&#163;352
500)
with an initial $115
767 (&#163;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued interest as of December 31
 2018
 December
31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 was $264
587 (&#163;249
067)
 $391
828 (&#163;290
243)
 and $409
718 (&#163;317
941)
 respectively.
As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $105
834 and the non-current portion was $211
975.


 2016
 Tapped
 prior to being
acquired by DEPT-UK
 entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is for five years
 with an interest rate of 5.51%. The loan
was for &#163;90
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 was $23
356 and $68
925
 respectively. As of
December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $129
814 and the non-current portion was $41
826.


 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being acquired
by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase SBA. The loan is for ten years
 with an interest rate of 6.51%. The loan
was for $217
500. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $191
666. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion
was $29
707 and the non-current portion was $161
960.


 2018
 Dollop
 prior to being acquired
by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Chase. The loan is for five years
 with an interest rate of 8.35%. The loan was
for $650
000. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $614
702. As of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was
$107
892 and the non-current portion was $506
810.


 2017
 Dollop
 prior to being
acquired by the Company
 entered into a&#160;promissory&#160;note with Travis Schaffner. The maturity date is January 20
 2026
with an interest rate of 1.83%. The note&#9;was for $449
054. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $398
210. As
of December 31
 2018
 the current portion was $60
000 and the non-current portion was $338
210.


 2018
 Dollop
 prior to being
acquired by the Company
 entered into a business loan with Pinnacle Capital Partners. The loan is for five years
 with an interest
rate of 6%. The loan was for $101
700. The outstanding principal as of December 31
 2018 was $81
385. As of December 31
 2018
the current portion was $26
346 and the non-current portion was $55
039.


the next five years and thereafter are as follows:



Year Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
482
417
    

    
    
    
328
861
    

    
    
    
281
175
    

    
    
    
201
374
    

    
    
    
234
077
    

    
    
    
223
606
    

    
    
    
1
751
510
    





































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2017
 the Company
purchased $194
352 (&#163;150
817) of cakes from Dee Light Bakery Limited (&#8220;Dee Light&#8221;)
 a company which Gill
 the
vice chairman of the Company
 was a 50% shareholder (until November 2016).


 2017
 the Company
made sales or advances of $530
780 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#8220;The Roastery Department&#8221;) and made purchases from
it of &#163;217
418
 for the year ended August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 the Company had receivables and payables from The
Roastery Department. The period ended August 31
 2017 netted as payables of $1
198
811 (&#163;930
277). Gill
 the Company&#8217;s
vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&#8220;Lopez&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors
of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
 when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost.
On December 1
 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired The Roastery Department (see Note 2). The outstanding balances between the Company and The
Roastery Department have been eliminated through intercompany eliminations.


 2018
 and 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&#8217;s chairman
 payables of $37
698 (&#163;28
777)
 $39
667 (&#163;29
383)
and $41
174 (&#163;31
951)
 respectively.


 2018
 and 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 payables of $26
430
 $14
679
 and $893
 respectively.


 2018
 and 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman of the Company
 is the director and owner
notes payable of $0 (&#163;0)
 $11
413 (&#163;8
454)
 and $70
079 (&#163;56
454)
 respectively. On October 1
 2018
 Deij Capital
forgave this business loan (see Note 6).


Lopez
 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP (&#8220;Clearbrook&#8221;)
 an entity
where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement
with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15
 2017.&#160; Mr. Shahid was compensated $67
803 for the year ended August 31
 2017.


 2018
 the Company advanced
$511
738 (&#163;401
402) funds to MDG 02 Limited (&#8220;MDG&#8221;)
 a company owned by Gill
 a director of the Company
 in return
for an option to purchase 100% of the share capital of MDG for &#163;1. MDG used the proceeds to acquire two coffee shops in the
UK. The option expires on December 20
 2038. Gill provided the option to the Company as an informal security for the repayment
of the advanced funds. The advance is not formally documented and does not bear or accrued interest. The Company accounts for the
option as a financial instrument
 with a fair value that is not readily determinable.


considered as arm&#8217;s length transactions.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













000
000
shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted
to a shareholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative
 with no pre-emptive rights.


 2018
 the Company issued 1
932
239
shares of common stock to various third parties as compensation for the acquisition of Bea&#8217;s (see Notes 1 and 2).


 2018
 the Company recorded 62
500
shares of common stock as issuable in regards to the acquisition of Dollop (see Note 2).


 2018
 the Company has not
granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation.

Preference Shares and Non-Controlling
Interest


of shareholders&#8217; deficit on the consolidated balance sheets and the share of new loss attributable to non-controlling interest
is shown as a component of net loss in the consolidation statements of operations and comprehensive loss.


of changes in the Company&#8217;s ownership interest in its subsidiaries on the Company&#8217;s equity:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
December 31
 2018
    

Net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
    
    
2
682
300
    

    
    
    
4
077
    

Change in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest
    
    
2
678
222
    



 pursuant
to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference shares
 par value &#163;1.00 per share (such
subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &#8220;Preference Shares&#8221;). Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited
distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688
of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference Shares at any time or times after the date of
issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to the holders not less than three months&#8217; previous notice in writing. The
Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK
 can be purchased at the value they were issued or can
be converted into contributed capital. The Preference Shares are accounted for as non-controlling interest. As of December 31
2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 14
509
672
 3
575
078 and 1
642
826 shares were outstanding
 respectively. Of the
outstanding shares
 1
603
460
 1
708
209 and 368
209 were issued to related parties (Stefan Allesch-Taylor and Matthew Gill)
 as
of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017 and August 31
 2017
 respectively.


For the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company had a non-controlling interest of $4
077. For the four months ended December
31
 2017 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company had a non-controlling interest of $638 and $1
230
 respectively.


 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares
were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
500 (&#163;51
500). See Note 7.


 2017
 Borough Capital contributed
$25
000 (&#163;18
583) to DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 18
583 Preference Shares.


 2017
 Borough Capital contributed
$45
000 (&#163;33
488) to the DEPT-UK
 in exchange for 33
488 Preference Shares.


 2017
20
000 Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $26
558 (&#163;20
000) to DEPT-UK.


 2018
 Borough Capital
 in regards
to an October 2017 contribution of $111
061 to DEPT-UK
 converted the liability into 79
563 Preference Shares.


 2017
 DEPT-UK entered into the
Tapped Acquisition Agreement with Tapped
 a United Kingdom corporation. See Note 2.


 as
recorded
 were recorded to non-controlling interest as part of consolidation.


 2018
 2
750
000 Preference Shares
were issued for the purchase of The Roastery valued at $3
506
433 (&#163;2
750
000).


 2018
 10
934
594
Preference Shares were issued for contributions of $10
592
782 (&#163;8
184
574) to DEPT-UK.


acquisitions and capital expenditures. The Preference Shares are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as non-controlling
interest.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













 we may be involved in litigation
relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of April 16
 2019
 there were no pending
or threatened lawsuits.




 Illinois
pursuant to a lease that is monthly. This facility serves as our corporate office.


with the various subsidiaries
 are as follows:



    
    
    
2
607
092
    

    
    
    
2
411
427
    

    
    
    
2
192
946
    

    
    
    
1
828
417
    

    
    
    
1
408
960
    

    
    
    
3
505
437
    

    
    
    
13
954
279
    



filing due to currency translation as applicable.


 of which
one is for the administrative office
 a central kitchen
 two roasteries and 24 storefronts. We have 20 leases in the United States
19 storefronts and one roastery. Various leases have break out dates prior to expiration.


2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 was $1
488
265
 $252
528
 and $463
655
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018













 which potentially subject
the Company to a concentration of credit risk
 consist principally of temporary cash investments.


with financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) for the United States and
the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (&#8220;FSCS&#8221;) for the United Kingdom. No amounts exceeded federally insured limits
as of December 31
 2018. There have been no losses in these accounts through December 31
 2018.




 which
 for the
year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 had sales of $535
785
(&#163;408
996
 5.3% of total revenue)
 $295
659 (&#163;223
476
 14.3% of total revenue)
 and $557
416 (&#163;426
180
 13.3% of
total revenue)
 respectively. The Company has a contract with the customer that expires in February 2020.







The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











operating revenue classes are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
306
337
    
    
    
1
823
938
    
    
    
3
669
307
    

    
    
    
7
592
    
    
    
3
704
    
    
    
12
425
    

    
    
    
735
917
    
    
    
238
468
    
    
    
498
751
    

    
    
    
10
049
846
    
    
    
2
066
111
    
    
    
4
180
483
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











lease. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 capital lease obligations consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
128
    

    
    
    
86
476
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
420
    

    
    
    
263
469
    
    
    
356
778
    
    
    
355
914
    

    
    
    
23
274
    
    
    
25
358
    
    
    
    
    

Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
58
776
    
    
    
138
454
    
    
    
233
669
    

    
    
    
431
995
    
    
    
520
591
    
    
    
667
131
    

    
    
    
106
739
    
    
    
69
857
    
    
    
240
246
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
325
256
    
    
    
450
733
    
    
    
426
885
    



leases are as follows:



    
    
    
201
294
    

    
    
    
190
601
    

    
    
    
62
972
    

    
    
    
25
655
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
480
522
    

    
    
    
59
701
    

    
    
    
420
821
    

    
    
    
175
005
    

Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion
    
    
245
816
    









The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2018
 December 31
 2017
and August 31
 2017
 the Company has U.S. net operating loss carry forwards of $919
868
 $300
416
 and $88
646. The carry forward
expires through the year 2039. The Company&#8217;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations
 which
could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code.


the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate
of 21% to loss before taxes for fiscal year 2018 and the four months ended December 31
 2017)
 as follows:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(30
812
    
    
    
(9
331
    
    
    
(45
553
    

    
    
    
(481
759
    
    
    
(3
555
    
    
    
(367
468
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
(11
738
    
    
    
(89
615
    
    
    
(3
606
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
618
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
832
    

    
    
    
519
691
    
    
    
102
501
    
    
    
367
468
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
327
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred tax assets and liabilities.


by federal agencies and other jurisdictions in which it operates.


the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
561
409
    
    
    
177
351
    
    
    
30
140
    

    
    
    
(561
409
    
    
    
(177
351
    
    
    
(30
140
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not
be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.


of the Company
 the net deferred tax assets for 2018 and 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation allowance. The valuation allowance
for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $561
409
 $177
351
 and $30
140 as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August
31
 2017
 respectively.


 2017
 the United States Government
passed new tax legislation that
 among other provisions
 will lower the corporate tax rate from 34% to 21%. In addition to applying
the new lower corporate tax rate in 2018 and thereafter to any taxable income we may have
 the legislation affects the way we can
use and carry forward net operating losses previously accumulated and results in a revaluation of deferred tax assets recorded
on our balance sheet. Given that the deferred tax assets are offset by a full valuation allowance
 these changes will have no net
impact on the Company&#8217;s financial position and net loss.


to acquisitions (see Note 2) will be tax deductible
 as applicable.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 2018
 the
Company executed an asset purchase agreement and share purchase agreements with various third parties for the acquisition of 18
coffee shops
 a trademark and assets for &#163;3
835
582. The acquisitions
 as applicable
 became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK as a
result of the transaction.


 2019
 Dept. Cold Brew
changed its name to Baker &#38; Spice (London) Ltd.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018











 Inc.
 formerly
known as DOCASA
 Inc. (hereinafter the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;Coffeesmiths
Collective&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed
its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot
sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from July 31 to August 31.


 2016
 the Company experienced a
change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common
stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;).
On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 76.1% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding
common stock at that time.


 2016
 the Company acquired
99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000
shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August
31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2019. Also
 on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which
shares were then cancelled
 and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the
initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 Department
of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#8220;DCIA&#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for
England and Wales. As of December 31
 2018
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#8220;DEPT-IL&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#8220;DEPT-UKWS&#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England
and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK. As of December 31
 2018
 DEPT-UKWS has had no operations or activity.


 the acquisition
of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &#8220;reverse merger&#8221; rather than a business
combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting
purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities
and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and
have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include
the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations
of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.


 2017
 DEPT-UK acquired Tapped
and Packed Ltd (&#8220;Tapped&#8221;)
 a UK company
 for a combination of cash and shares of common stock of the Company. See Note
2. Tapped became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Tapped has four shop locations in the UK which serve coffee
and food.


 2018
 the Board of Directors
determined to change the Company&#8217;s fiscal year end to December 31 from August 31. The Company believes this change will benefit
the Company by aligning its reporting periods to be more consistent with peer coffee companies.


 2018
 DEPT-UK acquired Bea&#8217;s
of Bloomsbury Limited (&#8220;Bea&#8217;s&#8221;)
 a UK company
 for shares of common stock of the Company. See Note 2. Bea&#8217;s
became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. Bea&#8217;s has five shop locations in the UK which serves coffee
and food.


 2018
 majority of the
shareholders of the Company approved the following changes to the Company&#8217;s Articles of Incorporation:


 2018
 the majority of the shareholders
of the Company approved the amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to change the Company&#8217;s name from &#8220;DOCASA
 Inc.&#8221;
to &#8220;The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.&#8221; The purpose of the name change will help further our brand identity and will
reflect the major focus of our business operations as a specialty coffee company. The filing of the name change with the state
of Nevada was completed and effected as of October 29
 2018. The Company filed with FINRA for a name change and symbol change on
November 1
 2018. On December 4
 2018
 both changes were approved.


 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share
Purchase Agreement with Thomas Acland
 David Downie
 William Vernon
 Kate Elizabeth Acland
 and Martyn Ward for the acquisition
of Coffee Global Limited (a/k/a Cafe2u (&#8220;Cafe2u&#8221;). Cafe2u became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction.
Cafe2u is a franchised mobile coffee van and has 85 vans in the UK all operating under a master franchise agreement.


 2018
 Coffeesmiths Collective
executed a Capital Contribution Agreement with Paul Leisen
 Joan Lundgren
 John Sweeney
 Jacob Muller and Travis Schaffner for
the acquisition of Dollop Coffee
 LLC (&#8220;Dollop&#8221;). Dollop became a subsidiary of Coffeesmiths Collective as a result
of the transaction. Dollop has coffee cafes and provides roasting and distribution and has 16 locations in Chicago
 Illinois.


 2018
 DEPT-UK executed a Share
Purchase Agreement with Silverstream Investments Ltd. for the acquisition of The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#8220;The Roastery&#8221;).
The Roastery became a subsidiary of DEPT-UK as a result of the transaction. The Roastery is a roastery and has one location in
the UK.


 DEPT-UK executed various
share purchase agreements and asset purchase agreements with various third parties for coffee shops
 roastery
 bakery and assets
as applicable. The acquired entities became subsidiaries of DEPT-UK. The acquired assets were incorporated into the operations
of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in aggregate
 were for $783
869 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594
692.








 specifically
with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at forty-six company-operated stores in the UK and the
US. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks.








the accounts of Coffeesmiths Collectives and its subsidiaries
 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&#8217;s subsidiaries
 Tapped
Bea&#8217;s
 Cafe2u
 The Roastery
 Dept. Cold Brew and others. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been
eliminated in consolidation.








conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.








with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company has no cash in excess of
FDIC limits in the US and Financial Services Compensation Scheme in the UK.








from customers primarily for management fees. The Company considered accounts more than 30 days old to be past due. The Company
used the allowance method for recognizing bad debts. When an account was deemed uncollectible
 it was written off against the
allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has recorded an allowance
for doubtful accounts as of December 31
 2018 of $45
002 and
 as December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 no allowance for doubtful
accounts was recorded.








or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.








Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets of five years
for all assets
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements are amortized
over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with
fixed assets below our capitalization threshold are expensed as incurred.








in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221; This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted
net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized
is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.








liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments
 including cash
accounts receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses
 the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.


and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value
 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires
certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based
payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach
(present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement
cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:


as quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


prices that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active
markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.


which little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us
 which reflect those
that a market participant would use.








 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). This update provides a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires
a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration
it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires additional disclosure about the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts. We have adopted this update. We do not
believe this guidance will impact the recognition of our primary source of revenue from company-owned coffee shops. The adoption
of this guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.








issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations
the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity-based compensation issued to employees. The value of the portion of
an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line
attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with the measurement and recognition
provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model.








included in other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statement of operations. For
the year ended December 31
 2018
 the four months ended December 31
 2017
 and the year ended August 31
 2017
 advertising expense
was $54
087
 $12
548
 and $39
628
 respectively.








740
 &#8220;Income Taxes.&#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained
upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or
the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a
tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management
believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals
or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet
the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax
positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of December 31
 2018
 tax years
2014 - 2018 remain open for IRS audit and tax years 2015&#8211;2018 remain open for HM Revenue &#38; Customs (&#8220;HMRC&#8221;)
audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for any of the open tax years.








 &#8220;Earnings
Per Share
&#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using
the weighted average number of common stock shares outstanding during the period. The Company does not currently have any potential
dilutive securities outstanding as of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017.





Foreign Currency Translation and
Transactions


is the functional currency of DEPT-UK and the UK operations whereas the financial statements are reported in United States Dollar
(&#8220;USD
&#8221; &#8220;$&#8221;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the condensed consolidated
balance sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period.
Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are accumulated
as a component of shareholders&#8217; equity and other comprehensive loss.








and its components in its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive loss consists of net loss on foreign currency translation
adjustments affecting shareholders&#8217; equity that
 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of December 31
 2018
 the
exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.28 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the
year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British
Pounds was US$1.35 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32
= &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &#163;1.00
 and the
weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. For the acquisitions described herein
the weighted average exchange rates varied by each acquisition based on the date of acquisition exchange rate.








shareholders for the year ended December 31
 2018 of $2
678
222 and a working capital deficit as of December 31
 2018 of $744
166
and has cash used in operations of $3
411
266 for the year ended December 31
 2018. In addition
 as of December 31
 2018
 the Company
had a stockholders&#8217; deficit and accumulated deficit of $3
113
918 and $5
964
764
 respectively. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization
of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations
is dependent on the execution of management&#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity
markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company
were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying
value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.


will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources to be used for operations. The
financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability of assets and classification of assets and
liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company&#8217;s current resources
 the Company will not be able to continue
to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to
fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its
assets
 if necessary.








and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these financial statements. The accounting pronouncements
and updates issued subsequent to the date of these financial statements that were considered significant by management were evaluated
for the potential effect on these financial statements. Management does believe that some of the subsequent pronouncements will
have a material effect on these financial statements as presented and does not anticipate the need for any future restatement of
these financial statements because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to December
31
 2018 through the date these financial statements were issued.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising
from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.
The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company
is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial
condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to
have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations and financial position
 and the ASU will have no effect on
cash flows.




















































































































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example
 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018






    
    
For the Year Ended December 31
 2018
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
    
    
6
014
245
    
    
    
1
810
171
    
    
    
2
004
068
    
    
    
1
703
889
    
    
    
654
780
    
    
    
10
515
437
    
    
    
1
806
903
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
24
509
493
    

    
    
    
7
617
992
    
    
    
1
887
572
    
    
    
2
801
588
    
    
    
1
937
149
    
    
    
830
405
    
    
    
10
920
579
    
    
    
1
912
732
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
908
017
    

    
    
    
(1
603
747
    
    
    
(77
401
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
398
524
    

    
    
    
(70
996
    
    
    
(1
199
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(72
195
    

    
    
    
(1
674
743
    
    
    
(78
600
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
470
719
    

    
    
    
(1
674
743
    
    
    
(78
600
    
    
    
(797
520
    
    
    
(233
260
    
    
    
(175
625
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
(105
829
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(3
470
719
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
208
288
685
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
208
288
685
    




    
    
For the Year Ended December 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Revenue
 net
    
    
4
778
866
    
    
    
2
208
971
    
    
    
2
471
550
    
    
    
3
206
101
    
    
    
529
559
    
    
    
10
515
437
    
    
    
2
182
833
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
25
893
317
    

    
    
    
5
852
095
    
    
    
2
058
828
    
    
    
2
885
938
    
    
    
3
180
131
    
    
    
783
134
    
    
    
10
920
579
    
    
    
2
129
158
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
27
809
862
    

    
    
    
(1
073
229
    
    
    
150
143
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
916
545
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
284
    

    
    
    
(1
073
639
    
    
    
149
270
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
917
829
    

    
    
    
(1
073
639
    
    
    
149
270
    
    
    
(414
388
    
    
    
25
970
    
    
    
(253
575
    
    
    
(405
142
    
    
    
53
675
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
917
829
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
207
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
207
100
000
    













the operations of DEPT-UK. These acquisitions
 in the aggregate
 were for $660
404 in cash and deferred cash payments of $594
692.
See Note 1 and 7.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
783
869
    

    
    
    
594
692
    

    
    
    
1
255
096
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
112
252
    

Accounts receivable
 net
    
    
11
823
    

    
    
    
14
519
    

    
    
    
5
338
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
230
360
    

    
    
    
34
854
    

    
    
    
(23
627
    

    
    
    
(253
034
    

    
    
    
(39
399
    

    
    
    
(31
651
    

    
    
    
(11
942
    

    
    
    
(1
249
    

    
    
    
(158
124
    

    
    
    
1
413
220
    

    
    
    
1
255
096
    













given for DEPT-UK and the fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
237
877
    

    
    
    
1
918
125
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
156
002
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
582
    

    
    
    
92
052
    

    
    
    
51
411
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
73
337
    

    
    
    
119
999
    

    
    
    
(192
645
    

    
    
    
(200
804
    

    
    
    
(1
184
    

    
    
    
142
748
    

    
    
    
2
013
254
    

    
    
    
2
156
002
    













given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
86
764
    

    
    
    
36
311
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
315
558
    

    
    
    
54
357
    

    
    
    
(250
365
    

    
    
    
(271
096
    

    
    
    
(45
931
    

    
    
    
(74
400
    

    
    
    
1
698
321
    

    
    
    
1
623
921
    













given by DEPT-UK and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
458
299
    

    
    
    
545
594
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
003
893
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
867
    

    
    
    
39
829
    

    
    
    
12
461
    

    
    
    
12
615
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
14
313
    

    
    
    
(269
315
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(188
276
    

    
    
    
1
192
169
    

    
    
    
1
003
893
    













given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
497
    

    
    
    
122
100
    

    
    
    
    
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
117
137
    

    
    
    
(51
404
    

    
    
    
(580
665
    

    
    
    
97
302
    

    
    
    
(265
370
    

    
    
    
3
771
803
    

    
    
    
3
506
433
    





Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member]







given by the Company and the provisional fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
000
000
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
050
000
    




Fair value of identifiable assets acquired
 and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
91
841
    

    
    
    
51
768
    

    
    
    
172
368
    

    
    
    
6
130
    

    
    
    
30
951
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
1
156
486
    

    
    
    
(213
974
    

    
    
    
(251
372
    

    
    
    
(89
481
    

Loans payable
 current portion
    
    
(133
810
    

Loans payable
 non-current portion
    
    
(1
303
988
    

    
    
    
(483
082
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(246
372
    

    
    
    
1
296
372
    

    
    
    
1
050
000
    


















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018












    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
73
758
    
    
    
39
775
    
    
    
17
894
    

    
    
    
9
687
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
34
333
    
    
    
18
030
    
    
    
24
117
    

    
    
    
274
046
    
    
    
39
133
    
    
    
5
466
    

    
    
    
391
824
    
    
    
96
938
    
    
    
47
477
    





































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]







computer equipment
 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
as reflected in the table below:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
81
783
    
    
    
88
484
    
    
    
62
038
    

    
    
    
63
481
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
307
    
    
    
22
599
    
    
    
22
526
    

Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
797
509
    
    
    
454
070
    
    
    
366
661
    

    
    
    
4
957
158
    
    
    
1
808
104
    
    
    
1
606
067
    

    
    
    
730
172
    
    
    
499
831
    
    
    
236
972
    

    
    
    
6
667
410
    
    
    
2
873
088
    
    
    
2
294
264
    

    
    
    
(1
297
274
    
    
    
(897
016
    
    
    
(622
088
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
5
370
137
    
    
    
1
976
072
    
    
    
1
672
176
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









as follows:



    
    
    
7
603
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    









Balance
 August 31
 2017
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
013
254
    

Balance
 December 31
 2017
    
    
2
013
254
    

    
    
    
9
371
885
    

Balance
 December 31
 2018
    
    
11
385
139
    












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2018
    
    
December 31
 2017
    
    
August 31
 2017
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    

    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    

    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    

    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    

    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    

    
    
    
262
158
    
    
    
13
343
    
    
    
275
501
    
    
    
391
898
    
    
    
4
852
    
    
    
396
750
    
    
    
409
718
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
409
718
    

    
    
    
65
159
    
    
    
3
063
    
    
    
68
222
    
    
    
92
281
    
    
    
9
482
    
    
    
101
763
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
786
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
10
786
    
    
    
11
417
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
417
    
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
70
079
    

    
    
    
191
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
191
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
614
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
614
702
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
81
385
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
81
385
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
398
210
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
398
210
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(8
724
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(8
724
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
65
589
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
65
589
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
160
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
22
644
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
644
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
751
510
    
    
    
16
406
    
    
    
1
767
916
    
    
    
528
144
    
    
    
14
334
    
    
    
542
478
    
    
    
512
345
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
512
345
    









the next five years and thereafter are as follows:



Year Ending December 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
482
417
    

    
    
    
328
861
    

    
    
    
281
175
    

    
    
    
201
374
    

    
    
    
234
077
    

    
    
    
223
606
    

    
    
    
1
751
510
    





































Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









of changes in the Company&#8217;s ownership interest in its subsidiaries on the Company&#8217;s equity:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
December 31
 2018
    

Net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.
    
    
2
682
300
    

    
    
    
4
077
    

Change in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest
    
    
2
678
222
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









with the various subsidiaries
 are as follows:



    
    
    
2
607
092
    

    
    
    
2
411
427
    

    
    
    
2
192
946
    

    
    
    
1
828
417
    

    
    
    
1
408
960
    

    
    
    
3
505
437
    

    
    
    
13
954
279
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









operating revenue classes are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
9
306
337
    
    
    
1
823
938
    
    
    
3
669
307
    

    
    
    
7
592
    
    
    
3
704
    
    
    
12
425
    

    
    
    
735
917
    
    
    
238
468
    
    
    
498
751
    

    
    
    
10
049
846
    
    
    
2
066
111
    
    
    
4
180
483
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









lease. As of December 31
 2018
 December 31
 2017
 and August 31
 2017
 capital lease obligations consisted of the following:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
57
128
    

    
    
    
86
476
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
420
    

    
    
    
263
469
    
    
    
356
778
    
    
    
355
914
    

    
    
    
23
274
    
    
    
25
358
    
    
    
    
    

Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
58
776
    
    
    
138
454
    
    
    
233
669
    

    
    
    
431
995
    
    
    
520
591
    
    
    
667
131
    

    
    
    
106
739
    
    
    
69
857
    
    
    
240
246
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
325
256
    
    
    
450
733
    
    
    
426
885
    








leases are as follows:



    
    
    
201
294
    

    
    
    
190
601
    

    
    
    
62
972
    

    
    
    
25
655
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
480
522
    

    
    
    
59
701
    

    
    
    
420
821
    

    
    
    
175
005
    

Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion
    
    
245
816
    


































































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2018









the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate
of 21% to loss before taxes for fiscal year 2018 and the four months ended December 31
 2017)
 as follows:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(30
812
    
    
    
(9
331
    
    
    
(45
553
    

    
    
    
(481
759
    
    
    
(3
555
    
    
    
(367
468
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
(11
738
    
    
    
(89
615
    
    
    
(3
606
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
618
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
832
    

    
    
    
519
691
    
    
    
102
501
    
    
    
367
468
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
33
327
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    








the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 are as follows:



    
    
December 31

    
    
December 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
561
409
    
    
    
177
351
    
    
    
30
140
    

    
    
    
(561
409
    
    
    
(177
351
    
    
    
(30
140
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    









Tabular disclosure of the federal tax basis of investment holdings.  This item captures the aggregate cost of securities
 aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there is an excess of value over tax cost
 aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there is an excess of tax cost over value
 net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
 and an explanation of the differences between tax and book.
























































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Sep. 02
 2016
Jul. 08
 2016
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016

























  2014







Restricted common stock
 shares



000
000











Restricted common stock
 value



000











































000
000













Number of common shares issued in exchange for promissory note
 value

000





















002













548


087


628













 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended December 31
 2018 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00. As of December 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.35 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the four months ended December 31
 2017 was US$1.32 = &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.29 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.31 = &#163;1.00.













456)


678
222)


425
846)













166













135)


411
266)


424)











997
150)


113
896)


680
834)


063









282
461)


964
764)


766
367)


























































869















692
































936
000













000
000













013


005


036




























000
000
























000
000













DEPT UK [Member] | No Later Than August 31
 2017 [Member]
















000
000






























000
000




























Business acquisition
 percentage of voting interests acquired


























































































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






















































































Total number of shares issued during the period
 including shares forfeited
 as a result of Restricted Stock Awards.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















































































































563


488


583



Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued value










































013
119


385
139




































































































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount















255
096





























869





























692


























































813
980





























765




















































933
239


933
239














































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued value











623
921








































































































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued | shares















546
875


546
875











Business acquisition consideration transferred or transferrable
 description















 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration of &#163;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &#163;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment to the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (Allesch-Taylor)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the Allesch-Taylor Shares) from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125 (Provisional Share Compensation Value)
 the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325
000 Preference Shares of DEPT-UK. The Provisional Share Compensation Value was determined by the previous day's closing price of $1.24 per share. 


 Tapped stock was transferred to DEPT-UK on November 1
 2017
 in consideration of &#163;175
000 and 1
546
875 shares of common stock of the Company. The &#163;175
000 was paid in October 2017 as a prepayment to the completion date of November 1
 2017. Stefan Allesch-Taylor (Allesch-Taylor)
 Chairman of the Company
 utilized his personally owned shares of common stock of the Company
 and assigned the 1
546
875 shares (the Allesch-Taylor Shares) from his ownership to Lilley. In exchange for the use of the Allesch-Taylor Shares
 which were provisionally valued at $1
918
125 (Provisional Share Compensation Value)
 the Board of Directors issued Allesch-Taylor 1
325
000 Preference Shares of DEPT-UK. The Provisional Share Compensation Value was determined by the previous day's closing price of $1.24 per share. 



























918
125





























325
000







































































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount | &#163;

















000








































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount









623
921



































327
064





























064





























698
321























623
921
















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount





350







































494





























532



















169




















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount





299























Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued | shares





997


997


















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount





594























Percentage of business acquisition consideration
 description





000 ($542
038).


000 ($542
038).


















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount | &#163;







000


















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount | &#163;







000


















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount | &#163;







000


















































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount

506
433



























Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued | shares

750
000


750
000









































227





























270















771
803
























































Business acquisition consideration transferred
 amount | &#163;



750
000

























Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member]




























Business acquisition consideration transferred
 shares issued | shares

500


500

























Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member] | Dollop Acquisition Agreement [Member]












































453





























870





























296
372













Business acquisition
 percentage






























500


500



























000































Business acquisition consideration transferred or transferrable
 description.













































































































































































Percentage of business acquisition consideration
 description.



















































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Dec. 02
 2018
Nov. 15
 2018
Nov. 02
 2018
May 23
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017































320

















651





Fixed assets
 net











808
465

















520

















347)















013
254


385
139















013
119


372
020


































869

















692

















255
096

















252

















338

















519





Accounts receivable
 net











823





Fixed assets
 net











360

















854

















627)

















034)

















942)

















399)

















651)

















249)

















124)

















413
220

















255
096




























877

















918
125

















156
002

















582

















052

















411











Fixed assets
 net





337

















999

















645)

















804)

















184)

















748

















013
254

















156
002




































623
921

















623
921

















764

















311









Fixed assets
 net







558

















357

















365)

















096)

















931)

















400)

















698
321

















623
921






























299

















594

















003
893

















867

















615

















461













Accounts receivable
 net



829













Fixed assets
 net



313

















315)


































276)

















192
169

















003
893
































506
433

















506
433

















497
































Accounts receivable
 net

100















Fixed assets
 net

137

















404)

















665)

















302

















370)

















771
803

















506
433


































000
000

















000

















050
000

















841

















951

















368















Accounts receivable
 net

768















Fixed assets
 net

156
486

















130

















974)

















372)

















481)















Loans payable
 current portion

810)















Loans payable
 non-current portion

303
988)

















082)

















372)

















296
372

















050
000















Dollop Acquisition Agreement [Member] | Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member]





































Accounts receivable
 net.
















































































































































Amount of consideration transferred
 consisting of acquisition-date fair value of assets transferred by the acquirer
 liabilities incurred by the acquirer
 and equity interest issued by the acquirer.




























Amount of equity interests of the acquirer
 including instruments or interests issued or issuable in consideration for the business combination.

























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 acquired at the acquisition date. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of other assets expected to be realized or consumed before one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties expected to be converted to cash
 sold or exchanged within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 acquired at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of liabilities incurred for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business and related party payables
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due within one year or within the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.













































































































































































Amount of liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of long-term debt due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























Amount of other liabilities due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 assumed at the acquisition date.




























The amount of property
 plant
 and equipment recognized as of the acquisition date.




























Amount recognized for assets
 including goodwill
 in excess of (less than) the aggregate liabilities assumed.
































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017


Revenue
 net

509
493


893
317





908
017


809
862





398
524)


916
545)





195)


284)





470
719)


917
829)





470
719)


917
829)












288
685


100
000










Revenue
 net

806
903


182
833





912
732


129
158





829)


675












829)


675





829)


675










Revenue
 net
















































Revenue
 net

014
245


778
866





617
992


852
095





603
747)


073
229)





996)







674
743)


073
639)





674
743)


073
639)












288
685


100
000










Revenue
 net

810
171


208
971





887
572


058
828





401)


143





199)







600)


270





600)


270










Revenue
 net

004
068


471
550





801
588


885
938





520)


388)












520)


388)





520)


388)










Revenue
 net

703
889


206
101





937
149


180
131





260)


970












260)


970





260)


970










Revenue
 net

780


559





405


134





625)


575)












625)


575)





625)


575)



Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member]






Revenue
 net

515
437


515
437





920
579


920
579





142)


142)












142)


142)





142)


142)




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017













824


938


477



































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017




824


938


477














758


775


894














687


















333


030


117














046


133


466







Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]










460


539


374













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017


Fixed assets
 gross

667
410


873
088


294
264





297
274)


016)


088)



Fixed assets
 net

370
135


976
072


672
176












Fixed assets
 gross

783


484


038












Fixed assets
 gross

481
















Fixed assets
 gross

307


599


526



Site Furniture
 Fixtures and Fittings [Member]








Fixed assets
 gross

509


070


661












Fixed assets
 gross

957
158


808
104


606
067












Fixed assets
 gross

172


831


972







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017













271


497


357





013
119


385
139









The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















603





































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018









Balance
 beginning



013
254





013
254


371
885



Balance
 ending

013
254


385
139










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










































































































































Note payable balance due converted into shares
 value



















000





















































000
000



























































417




375




419













































258
306




361




886


































































































834





















































975
















































































Debt Instrument
 Term































































































































992




587




828




718









































767














































































































356




925

















































814





















































826
















































































Debt Instrument
 Term

















































































































500


















666





















































667





















































960
















































































Debt Instrument
 Term











































































































000
























702





















































702





















































810











































































































































054




















210





















































000





















































210

































  2026




































































































Debt Instrument
 Term













































































































700






















385





















































346





















































039










































































































194




194




194














194




















































































067




067




067












067






















































































065




065




065










065
























































































873




873




873








873


























































































349




349




349






349




















































































000










067




243




941


500





















































178




































































Debt Instrument
 Term

































































































































437


















































































Note payable balance due converted into shares
 value









990




534

















































500


500


464


464












































































































































000



Note payable balance due converted into shares
 value | &#163;















464


























































































Note payable balance due converted into shares
 value | &#163;











500






























































































































































































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)





























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017


Principal
 current


751
510


144


345



Accrued Interest
 current


406


334





Total
 current


417


375


419













Principal
 current


194


194


194



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


194


194


194













Principal
 current


067


067


067



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


067


067


067













Principal
 current


065


065


065



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


065


065


065













Principal
 current


873


873


873



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


873


873


873













Principal
 current


349


349


349



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


349


349


349













Principal
 current


158


898


718



Accrued Interest
 current


343


852





Total
 current


501


750


718













Principal
 current


158


281





Accrued Interest
 current


068


482





Total
 current


222


763















Principal
 current


786


417


079



Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


786


417


079













Principal
 current


667







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


667

















Principal
 current


702







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


702

















Principal
 current


385







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


385

















Principal
 current


210







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


210

















Principal
 current


724)







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


724)

















Principal
 current









Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current



















Principal
 current


589







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


589

















Principal
 current


160







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


160

















Principal
 current


644







Accrued Interest
 current









Total
 current


644
















Amount of short-term debt and current maturity of long-term debt and capital lease obligations due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















417





861





175





374





077





606





751
510



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























































































174




698




667






































581
















































































198
811





















780































































079








413


































803






































738










































  2038




















































777




383


951
























Purchases of cakes
 value | &#163;



418



































277





























































454


454


























402





























































Purchases of cakes
 value





352




































Purchases of cakes
 value | &#163;







817





































































































































Fair value portion of amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Including the current and noncurrent portions
 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























Date the equity-based award expires
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












































































































Common stock
 shares authorized





















000
000




000
000




000
000

























708
209




603
460




209





























077




230











061


000




000



















Preferred stock
 shares issued







563


488


488


583


583




















































506
433































Preferred stock
 shares issued

750
000


750
000






























































Preference shares issued to exchange debt
 shares

















500


500































500







































































































558




592
782







Preferred stock
 shares issued

























934
594








































Preferred stock
 shares issued





















000












































Preference shares
 shares authorized





















000
000




000
000




000
000



Preference shares
 par value | $ / shares
































Preference shares
 Outstanding





















575
078




509
672




642
826



Preferred stock
 shares issued





















575
078




509
672




642
826




































Preference shares
 Outstanding





















575
078




509
672




642
826




































Preference shares
 par value | $ / shares












































488




583






















































750
000


















































































500






































































000




184
574





Dollop Coffee
 LLC [Member]


































500


500




































































932
239




























































Common stock
 shares authorized

























000
000







Preference shares
 shares authorized

























000
000


































































































Preference shares issued to exchange debt
 shares.

























































The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.














































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017









Net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc.

682
300







077


292



Change in net loss attributable to The Coffeesmiths Collective
 Inc. and transfers to Non-Controlling Interest

678
222































































































Total of all Partners' Capital (deficit) items which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017













528


488
265


655



































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















607
092





411
427





192
946





828
417





408
960





505
437





954
279
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












































066
111




049
846




180
483






















659




785




416











  2020


  2020


























476




996




180



Sale revenue
 percentage















































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017




066
111


049
846


180
483














823
938


306
337


669
307














704


592


425














468


917


751







Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017




667
410


873
088


294
264





297
274


016


088



Fixed assets
 net

370
135


976
072


672
176














783


484


038














307


599


526














995


591


131





739


857


246



Fixed assets
 net

256


733


885


















128














476




420














469


778


914














274


358





Capital Lease Obligations [Member] | Site Furniture
 Fixtures and Fittings [Member]










776


454


669







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017













294









601









972









655



























522









701









821









005


874


146



Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion

816











Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017













416


868


646
































351


409


140







 2017
 the United States Government passed new tax legislation that
 among other provisions
 will lower the corporate tax rate from 34% to 21%.































































































































































































A brief description of status of the tax examination
 significant findings to date
 and the entity's position with respect to the findings.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2017
Dec. 31
 2018
Aug. 31
 2017













331)


812)


553)





555)


759)


468)



State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit

615)


738)


606)







618


832





501


691


468









327
















Effective income tax rate reconciliation
 nondeductible expense
 federal.




























Effective income tax rate reconciliation
 nondeductible expense
 Non-U.S.






















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017













409


351


140





409)


351)


140)

















 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





































779































700
000










































The cash outflow to acquire asset without physical form usually arising from contractual or other legal rights
 excluding goodwill.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( -NKD$X?(\\#P    !


\    K @  $0   &1O8U!R;W!S+V-O



]Y_AC;#C 9L

WP 0C#Y^%]#,Q%S]$YL[P[)
=HY-0Q#.2QR+NW

MKC_\;L*N-_9@_['Q55 V\.LNY!=02P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F








[OZAG72;[;[9[=%V]K;W1K

C&'@0H)+A 9U^%-B&/81L0L1&;P$!N;(')V-Z!.8GH'T


M 4RDZ 0T]YK0
()?=@ 3S07V+V&AO-5 $SDDBPS4GH8CKQ50!


MMEYM=K?SYV%X^;18[.Z?NW6[^]B_=)O\G\=^NVZ'_''[M-B];+OV8=]HO5J@
M

M^








M]D7-U+'.0Y! =)PM(!F6[T(7A6










MJM)'$TLGM*2SC.2O6K%0XY


M;(V7VXZ;


1)/(@/1!2BZ

9'
M5CPV9_@F&IWA1MOG@O$
!(9NHY4* RX
M^J8KMB<T5!$0]]4MLE%$ 8H9*8XD)(2G_ET1!^N6]BN)QB9E:N#YNC;Y(@^
MD')2'ZYFVYG;P#7%VP75XP
BLB'B\&9@?



MCJH^#?5YV6YAV@LEBVY[YMWWB.M_4$L#!!0    ( -NKD$X-3.5K/P0  )\2

V$(9?Q?!](L[P



MOIC7K':;



YJ:(/
$- SF
-0;A

&






-6JV
MS4
WI%CW+S^:^V:['3+U]?AW2CH_ESD$7K[_E3T?&]\WYMOZV-RWVW\VC]W+

MU0 S!9B/ '

MCR'3Q*Q.C+Q@8F
C]P02VTB*$:&$S604(VTFIQAE
P7%A#934HRVF8IB0--K
MBHG.S++O_K


MLGA1[*KB-6BD&Y1B%L4PHL\Q'U,-@GG0DWJ41H4*8
8R8(()6'J*=59$P$
M1E'AKU:)

M.\/DJ

9 )OTAF&%IC*_:45?J3T(Y4?
MJ:\BE@(1K4!$* #FR15FD )^)(WPU=#W+1Y:F%N08'VU3*OM
=WVF#'Z
(/:
M[D?2&
_+J-W^-'E

M*]4=%LWD6C@@*@R6C2L0C5F,F#R1A


*GA!%4PV\O
M[AE
RF R!I
+;)QB+1
)!?&G*AE


M#X*DPZ9(CDTA(-S5#)O8#(&DS.8@L&4#*:2A//0P@1)


25B=)1*


 6#*25V%2+0PTU#0DD8'H63S=;$85(D=:@%MT4D/H\*
M@\CQ@(!RK
 5M0*'4S4!(?493
I@
@:3


QF)S!% RF9#5
M(NR.-+%4\$Z=I
N31S.2!'.R



[^4O?OWY9+ X/+^UV






M=[OX
00Z:Y8G#5]J3#76U$#SH5AD!Q\V&-E8LBIND[B#EO!8T6B%
]B$A6UA
=+XHV9WU-QX\LX'45V@XU!%9EEK(3'/KJ
MK7MHW8.Z%P($&#HN@<Q2)8G3;BP2H8BR;&D9=Y98T4+-2!:

MC8P$S2;0QN+A7FJ-

M'2. O+8NZ776C=#KT:)5MWXQ-9+WT!791@6;&/P$!/Q=*W%NE!\KFF(0V=

DA!@

EL05$VJYF40:R8Y70


\MJ9E&40\

?N
:ZLTS/^Q9@=A\#0L#J[HJ@Z38MT
MIWVN::Q.K/(:-'E?R%

M0%/E64Z*-=*1B4YNZC9(Z*L4UBU&%(6;.M%N2BPFB[$45(5A-*-?7UV93&G
M+.47)XOK690R'.
W *L@8Z


0VF0,;B<!1#73LG6'9$@T0CEMB;!VCTX%\*Y6Z
M#9/, 9+)/&KIT/LI3JKR6F:'1UU6_7J6.<PR!UB6U/O$S_.G^@I-XS3@BGP

QAI;QJ#P&A3YB9&6

9&\Q@
;

!D! D@0$(FU9$S!Q3 K:T['&
MEC$! R@/%6W!)M^8J=Q02-E^ETCYPP @
 ($D$0A$VO(5&5D )SO8I\*V







M^ 3@
V ?\[ Q453^17B1I]8

96Q#L4[]![R7ERD[)+
M()IBCF


MF




MKF


!I217.$(M

M@-O6G4VIZUS_8$Q6[:@A;W'CI_4Z/1PGG3-
SV!D0525HQOMM]85K(CA99
M])U


M^;UPHL@
CL1

K.D\V19(-P72*)#^K\+/$,[3?V*P54<UF;.





MH8N3O/(N WO/XYO\#I^F_5'81G:.G(W'EXW]KXWQ@%)V5SA+7ZPQ5!0^W\

MFZIJI59:I6KZS-KCBP*

MT[O=\;0/\3'@L8/1KLXD5')!? K&ERJG21 $$DH7&(3?KG /4@8B+^/7S$F7

M?(X2I8TK*0?K4



[[

&T+7.]!5$GD%:
[W9OF1;2T#)/OK





M[#U/;_(:/DW[9V%;:1RYH \OF_K?('H(4G8W882Z\
$60T'CX_$VG.TT9I/A



M@A;V!GOH_$V-1@OG3=




MP3K4
XN7HL7KM


-\=&'-% UJX

M09DAHPE]=3S(NO'!P?*T$S7\!/^K.UFTV
Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ
WB:'XR[$QX!'

I^'VO'




$9VQ%O$/Q#KV7G&]O4G8)1%/

M$;[]1^%^G6W2K+!+L/2UR+^?Q?$K;HJ09;QVERI#!]&R=YX9T']I;'-WD+

W?




G75(&X/K\SOXIUNYK.0L+

%E \/2GR.$I6-*RD'ZU#/+%Z*
M%F_3+KNXC]/--9]AVP ^ _@N(UYV)0H*O\HG@R@R




M^!R
ARJGNR ())0N








*E9RU?@[&
MU[K FR (!%0N

MWV!40\


96Q#LOWGKO




MR0LPPSEG+@SI@.;9-@.O&C5VHPVSG4'QFS1@!;VCMH_4V%1@OG35
SVQD0

LV[L-XPV\F




SK]L['^%
MZ
GLKGR(]3X#S8;BH7CC?^;
8Q&PV'W?2#V/R-\[]02P
$%     @ VZN0




RCWA

5_A@LH'QZ4^!PE*AM74@[6H9Y9O!0MWJ9==G$?IYLTG6'; #X#

M*MFJIQI
$Z?)DA*'+D[RRKL
[!V/;_(K?)KV+\(TLK/DC

M_ BU_H

'?S;3F$V&PW[^06SYQL5/4$L#!!0    ( -NKD$X3Q$DO



@R@C2BO'-YIII
M(5N:I]%W
GF*O5.RA9

M;&8II8;62FR)@2JCM]O#
0GQ






W?./\+4$L#!!0    ( -NKD$X\PP5$K0(
M !

!#]*E$^
M0!T;\H
*D$JG:9

?/\#[&==^_=.7?'+2]2


MV(T. )61%*.P6A\H Q1ADD%0)



M2P

M965T

N2R%_K
!J9I5
MS.)KX+4XY=8'2);6X@0_P/ZLM]JM2
]R*$JH3*&J2
-Q%:_9\X9-?4) O!70




MG_SG
+ESB&$FN





RYX;6QM4^V.E# 4
M?96F#[%,NHX 9*=-483329KU-\=N$S+1?;


MV=
RC[Z+*7

M 90*0CZ-7XLF74
&XO;\HOXQUNYKN0H+#ZA^RMIU!3U24D




MP:0K@GGU-03?W'F_]'Y/CW;S3+]&Q+Y]F^P&%7X! %#O^4^/Y5B3N8-'D5




7J=_7\.XZ9^ 68XY\R%(9_0

5ATH86]P .UO&C1*.&^:EMG!@*@C24G&#X=;ID2O



M8F==9&JPO)-PUL@


XSCM[).9%B?0F4 7PB'XD
DH






3(.525:W42*=4;9]]L( 5&Q/;'
G?US:$HJOS




2HE3/BB:C16R47%I2+9Z[SR/JS3?+)+
J+N;RCO#580SE[QQWDN9

X/8MFF 5ZMJ5G'PCLH@*[(+#;

M='


F:+!K2P-]A!

']/H'#(
MZ):^.9YEW;C@8'G:B1I^@/O9G8VWV

]MY1
Q7^#*R@?'I3X' 4J&U=2]-:AGEB\

_XG#


MX5?' V\[%QRDS'O6PD]PO_J3\1995&HN05FN%3+0%/AV=SAF 1\!OSF,=G5&
MH9*SUH_!^%X7. D)@8#*!07FMPO<@1!!R*?Q-&OB)60@KL^OZE]C[;Z6,[-P
MI\4?7KNNP'N,:FC8(-R#'K_!7,\U1G/Q/^ PL-#)CY&I86-*ZH&Z[2<57PJ

MGGT0/]L4R*) ]E^)G]^4N(%)DS=!R*JG$DP;I\FB2@\J3O+*NPSL;7Q$\@\^
M3?L]
8E&%^KG.Y0BA]$%!X':%!Y R&$:OV=-NH0
Q/7Y3?USK!UKN0@'


ME'B=]D['?9QNDL-




\8J[&QRA%C_88DBH?3A^PK.=QFPRO.GG'\26;US\
M!5!+ P04     #;JY!.OB#SQ

O

YX;6QU5.MNFS 4?A7+#U '&D4 5+3JMJD38I:;?WMP.&B^L)L

MBE-CEZHANE= *T_BC


 Y57^/P.28XPA_




'ZBA1:;DB-1T]CUU5QP=8GLVI0OZ



/'T9$U/

B&KB^.@&O]D-2KE('R[
MK*)+5]S%_N(_X5-+_:2JZ81&9VGL\_&77$MIP*:RN;&YM+:+EP6#VKCIK9VK


4%[6WMU&3;IOF


M(
24+4AF;E0/G=NIE9;
NJ5NB.DULJ0I TBFZ)9+S#119B)UUD:K=W#2
MR Q2

M/7]7?PRUNUK.S



$%     @ VZN03G$W7)8Q

MW[T_]


Q

MJGO8KW__G5VQQCY]FW
AIO%;YVC +$X8&F'D&+-$&#7&? :8; RY]R$T1CSX

9DTO_A4!*&DB 4=T*=



MU&Y?#Z!1#V990%1)2RJY(LJXX&Y15C7!WMW+U%OJY19L=;:*H3%C89SOM
M[@3R=8BQY-I9A; 2T2U*1+X6,)L7XRXK'Z?LL4:ZA0+NK+1PIZ/@%OHO$%8



K^3B\WO!^?]02P
$%     @ VZN03HFZ

M#MJD 6#;*Q!'@SR


-$*2::^[#NQZQ[3%98
MEZ^4I36)CV=.XJ2N1W41A2SYF/63
Q)Y=Q0C)6\$\
[
72!I
IO=A [V(L2



A
_SG%:CLE8



MAZ
)&;



=#

MBH'UF8^@!9HRN!T#I]K9H!P1:[A(:+GN[!(I&4*\TP_6C& -
U
T)(]!P$


M@.AV!-$O J@8G7+ =
L


#
MD$H']

M=H#ECF&Y

X/!M\








F
$54J903BL+%LXV



2D4C@H
MN\EA1CC)B

M8EW0UH01X0 B@N%*DA$32[F**5J8$@XD)&)1 !*A9A1.*T$P)AS !
\#[GHC




M'&
@@$1 7$) 1^]AM (1  !


M 0@0@#/TAD#!D&H.KB2\I'1M02-5+ HT96/)7MN\A$%!!0B .,_@Q)A4!
M15 (0)@ A$H!AH!KDJ5 J'FAEG,09@A1$!(20A0(K*JB*&0$05 W_T%4%


M/K7;A'=_E+N?MW:N(W@:$I03(6)1$ (CNGKB&J%G%W2M# B(N@JBA7A*@%
MD+-:GSYA12$

@(02
M@
R%0*7@G-72FJ0\

@ 004+@2

M+
LLP:=DLU'V;L:

MR.C! =^:64* 3BAA!F34+!!*  +FE);RR@-(!41L20H4F[6.?\80R.A%!:$$

M 8FHWJJ*@=#P9@H$A/B!J@6L@E9W.,28*:A6(58%JP7J?K7:O,8*ZBH:





F&GY6;

MJ4)Z? 4).R'[]FIJD/FH$X-&]YKCX$)IYI67D1D@U
Y+R2VVI* E12UQ%ED:

K#9:0T#'OC
6-+2DB26E=61)DRM]DM([+:(QL05[KG12F-+
M!EHR($HNLF3HE:S@/G*^!3(NG
)N+'1C08!
Y


MP4

7H)\[T
M=/B/IJA02V

M6@HVCA@*+5'ADB6
6DY9JTQJSF


M)DH$*%TL$23FKJ2X%#Z1^$K
2PFR3+KTH4&)P!FW)-Q4*$(4O$T%'!-8HK(^



MRX+;F-A * 4S/)7=:$Q(G5/H:T ^+VV@7[RL3X62APDN4Z8P(W5.R3^*9C=6

( $1T
MNN8OI1I
6)-3_AM4U*/X(.%2? PFK


MCUL-']KJ-#Y*MCD_SW;S/U!+ P04     #;JY!.V;T!\L!  !.!   &0



D.A-00






C4P&)6

$%     @
MVZN03G?$@


M^'5LF\ZTP[B204OS$Q)+29_#$AM83T?PG0$N 
8H9F^V6.)JQ=D0\/%X

5N&HABWD:



MKN4\]PM KP\GWF$Y#.;*$79(LS&1:4E0@NMK8N*45%O^/
ZSCS1'YGSW*O



7








'1%$J?Q*I2 0DD7SVZ$4D]HSZ0=4W4
YUPP

K%*

*O
:![8J=@V$GQ/58Z0&.Q0HD4*;_VD&

)Y8=PUZ*(3-5

MZ@XJ6V.L=CG1@\NV=X?=:Z?06]LVA6O7_8FO[UAS&$ZSR?5(O?@/4$L#!!0

M+GAM;'U4VXZ;



[)EA6:ID

?$ @Z/%(V8W@^D1

M:0?:#Z8N9:6#HS3VU_(_P%E* U9A]&0E%G:&]@:'LW';A=VK=I*TAI%U-R11

M='

2YX;6QUE-N.FS 0AE\%^0'6G \106JV6K52*T5;M;UV8 AH




MNT%@-0B



MIH5DP]PB\=*GB_]02P
$%     @ VZN03D

@\KI;H=
M0K*LH*'R@7?0ZI
+%PU5VA17)#L!]&Q)#4
XBE+4T+H-B\SZCJ+(^$VQNH6C

3YLS&^GO
P
H* 0:E
!*J7.QR 
1-(R_@SQ S'


@;P783


&


M;!*_H-0K*/4TA\P$I?^MW E:XN*8;)*8S*\+37[R!L35S@
9E/S6VEDT\8XC
MYQ';1_(&=_/J.Q77NI7!B2O]U.R#N'N0.N)'K242H_(T6!P46:[UGOA!H4S
M%.^&&8C&05S\ U!+ P04     #;JY!.N%2RM/T&  !Z*0  &0   'AL+W=O







7C5717IWH:6/5.&^_W5)\^\^&NYOFVX<SDYN3T4/KJ=
\



!\HB9C@+ BFB





FDC;

3)Y8=9<<:=469$B=0.AXB[/ %ID/L

0(#$( /T8$ &*

P!RX0GI^9Z%MS5BE%-HU3?
M.I655'YN KX



-3
MI-&&W9J91*FF4:K/?U/YN0F
MHC1PCZU J
M8+1A\_.Z$^4'H\W#H\E[(%--

M(Y

GX









M- U^&

)$<X(([) +N6,S(76@62 :FTP;(5E*V [&!J[D^
O91M=68#
MT8#22H6:P?T$UJNA7DW;VV#Z[C51HG.I11 V6XH))Y4S@6* J4*+ JLV4+4!


M&$R99GRYV T$L 
25C.T-



Z-#'7SJWJ)S4)R


/C&*I

MN




KQG9@0(9V
MD8U



M-0

[YB; 46


)VG%*=0218V&
4CW-^'*Q&3A.

_%]Q[G6



M^IZIY


-F):;3#3CS)FT7^]\E8IW
MLXM.I:-O4]OVMAVGE93


T1ASNL
M]^9L)NU6V#6=O-2SMS(AI$ W8S1K#I
&WVGB+%XT2/LO$.R$8&L0?8!D;H/(




K --&FSH0
$'4S[K-AT+%2+*REQ^_=#28PA

=WJ3UE4[28Z=MWI*H[;W=&46?NI/IG*_G.H


M4]3G342C]Q??\Y=CU[^(M^M3]F+^-=U_IZ?&/L47+_N\-%6;U]6J


RA=EUO8O
7M[
C2F*WI/-X[=S
M&EUB]H;3^W?OMT/QMICGK#4W=?$SWW?'3:2BU=X






%CKQ8T$@1 PIPG\*(6
M?B (A*PS#&$_ ]BOD:XPA-4


U=DO_-8D 3
U)RS%
M)@:B BQ4 4F80D AL#1 )8* $26RP9(@$LE !)A#\!TV 
B#_Y0HA*1.(7
M':*$G

M'+K^-K7WS?@%97SHZI/[.A1?/E%M_P=02P
$%     @ VZN03C0/9Y_U!


^6
$AR;I.VZV[1*IY
B


P3IY[# 
VY@'#!OSB&&DC7G

K&?




B%)_YDJ^X
M=\/D?E$5/12ASLR7YX2024;H)
.$TM&W!0J*B8$(@6
#%&[.$%524GJW=T0)
M0YGPJ&.X;%*$@+$!K9@B%2$0B9$+W.+E@OEZ0Y2+T@F&(=Q5C/W^[.E.

N# 27]GO
)@?7824Y(+D=
&OG

MND23 ];DSOI^




M=#0X+GAM;'U4ZVZ;
9_[H7\MO#2G


/P5$ R#Z 
0VO'-FHSX318I




M#!ZTPUK?8N.$PE&9X4J/A3O+;J)X-UQ3:+PKBW]02P
$%     @ VZN03@1:

M$/TKB!]0$S TJPA2DVC:I$V*.FW[[)!+0+4QLYW0_?N=;4(H854D[#N_=_?N


MH30V L/E AO@W 9&7_ZF.&0TA+'^VOTSZYVK&7/-&PD_UT?3+4*EV%P@
[




B(YV2LXSMZ
M\FF2X1XRT;F]1]!H7D0RVXO$\9-Q!OJ?*NAL .HT'?-3;-])C481J?)
7?

M-SCF?BIO8?P;\9VI4]WH8\-WE9WIXY2&D5T0
*K/!9&@P.1V.WC[A7?CB]



 M7+'9Z!
2.DR_@]:?HS



08M8G#^+R;0^C
$
M.2'(L0+ 80CMT#L%(BM /ZO@F15Y1B3V)ANA*1A%A+D!F$G#M Z0HTQJ1+




M6=3L67CR7%54_%FPDE]G/O(_ B_%\:1
()A/&WIDKTS]:)Z%'@5]EGU1L5H6
MO/8$.\S\1S39Y(:WP

MZXK_QBZLU+AQHM^QXZ6TO][N+!6ONBS:2D7?VVM1V^NU?1*GG0P61)T@Z@41
M^E00=X)XK !W CQ60#H!&2M(.D$R5I!V@M01!.WLVN5:447G4\&OGF@;KJ&F
MK]$DU0VQ

M%M% 'F?)_2N60X:$F6-CR. 
WS-/4!ZGG#7$Y/?

M_*?U
C!!!B1P6FK9

SRW

]8N)H-W#I[?BY5N8#<Q/MSPB/
MD=D1G/@398(B*_TF:+=0?ZE;P\DWZDX%K7TMESI?<CN%@?.%=/6PP?]CSKI
M
U _*-E!F=M4WXOV)- .%&^Z0T[0G[3F?P%02P
$%     @ VZN03FWWI+MQ




M\:O;


[-)J#OK
JY<Z!GFEZHOO1*D@


RYX;6R-E]N.





G5;V#IJS'$=_P$/.\0^8^


MC^Q_#L6[8I[SUFQM^;TX=*=UG



M;$

MCZVH.H)NI4J.&29O\8)3B*3&?@V&'+.



MV+


]_
V Q9W81\


MC]A4?V\W7;'=
U


A/C

HCF*
M5
72=P876@2
D*!/@F%2)1H14_Y!!%4


3/!AO9W/G3XN&'[6=%F8NAXMO6&C1CY=Z-OVSV/P!4$L#!!0    ( -NK


MVXZ;




16SY\:V'Y)
H
&@ 6P/X+IF)
MD\P!DUA
-T2*$ Y3)]HYK B+/

MPY(TQ





!#'
MOPKB?05C;*!*(C5!TR9M4K5IV[.;. DJX
QVDN[;SS:4)O8MZPO8YG]WOSLL
MGV=G(9_5GG

M:Y
L36G2L::/%S.W]B@7




[B)TGYOJK^VB*[;[9LJCS.II04LR2T[6T:A9#IKL0H/2XEJS
K4^A\RVWJ\]96]$KB6].9FN$]\97+7]IZ$MHT
M-M=^MD)H;A#3.W
Z[
T59IJT?*OML#!C.?3Q8:+%8;RC)--%:?$74$L#!!0

M+GAM;(V47V^;
!3%OPKB?35_DS4I 4T;=(F19VZ/3MP:@&


[4_N+@L5KX&?-?1\-K=4)T=*



O6F.^X_^LZ
(8.#*$7A[\?F

MWT:RN\B0%
LN9-$!&F3;-5*
MK11MU?;9(9. UL;4=L+V[^L+2PFQHN8AV

Y9\[X





\EO

M9C;N



M\ Y
JOMJ;M6)




M-$6^:N^+8KM9_QA-)MF/F[RL?O.'W[7E'WZW_


MBB_^GXO'[G.3R23


M_8__
;CK

:*QGFYSN^ZO][FZ[:_


M_U WV[*Z\Q?;?+MK?5G6R.

M-CD
<BK'D#JZ2_^-6!X
<HD<
MH?6;8EF4G_*;=0^3WC;%0UZN_.(+<(:V?T&NJD\PZ067]=;V+&E U1OQ\LO
H#Q


G[__L'\/)[$&K__B?81;_UD'$, G2R3S(IJ _Q4$**#:9SAC+
M@BP!I(NR_3@&'(L@^#Z'W+MN8_L'_P7\%W]\.2]IUD/.H2+-;!?_]Q_T\#*
M4#4@:=3_[Y]I'?^[1[?48[Q!PZ




2-(MY(%\5:.JBL5:;LB);&E+_

MZTNX 2Z%N%M/L


?\ K8QL]LHD]Z_T3




^K.U1H*GN3R01/H.^SSW:](6P8H74
M&_%YC;8]=(^;XK7:?]GR0238@SCJM9)HR5.X8ZX*XNBMY8IYXM&RZY09!(GV


K2=
M0T
 -6AP9?[QJN!/)SZ9?/NN3






5!



MU6ZIY?L56G!%M
 G[^NMU^8[0.7CMBA\\J/')V?^FRXH 4W2 =U'T!\QN IY
M

W@S#_?@DJW+3_ZK][Z

1^51!66)NC#@Q8JH




U)B40'P6PRQ:!?@8;(&!1OTH9T=X3E#X

J;[X;07G#*RF?8&TI?1;\-PTCWE$JU#1%\0O*P?
M^0+
E;8=.!VB6UFQDC TX_




M_LW7G.C%Q=6YX4(NZH5*.(#CNBW72K+'-:C
A(;I#ZH9 G:NZSNUF2,@_\^
M@([?TI&.!.[ [(0-]SD:2UCGT^2/*F8C\S0'YIR[:?JGMD;*?LSN@D=XG?U





(!ZBWJ/41[NX1H



M]\Z63IS;+J

A8%8'*+4#X 1F03MPVU=KVC[7A8W

;M!+2&:Q=HOTD$CZ

M?B$F64
Q.J&G\A!T:OOX= E_DZ7(?P


_P5/L0V6*UM@=84'G[H
IUMJA
M



M[:F)K%
*IA8-*Z_#9&9$)S112Q1&


_:5BH#T679-&_:7VL:X*O9&PCQ[?]J\3SE(



W=5.[%%:
M!QT =G1[W
&Z[\C]0&.2Z7(ZBX-9-E=A'8SL.L^4HR





\4FB#7I=EDLT'VO+C#B7R/U
1W.^*= : 1A#
MUQW=0E5^5RAY?0

[H
I$

M)
J+EL.420@Y:V'4P&JIW4QX(@Z%$R6HT$ [2+S^CN

PBD3=4M<G=M0&%H6;5H.%X^'\@
M\MQ(L#* \0%/(Z_4O*2:B?5Z!PR5R2%%UY7\XV<XW&V!A !6C\'+[=:=E&4C
MEQ_A=5_5!9[B5EUG'T='YRA:8M&32,%2O?T^ R5';QTB@C&R5M9**2IWMUL
M;W=K3P\SD@1.?#I!UUWDLR[5'IP6#G@X/*L&WOML07EF8@ZM3V7;LQ7#D)S^



L(
E@+B/=F:FP+#?5'NZF2%
M(1%N:2$(NW 5
@P=<
MOP^B^NM-#N+C ]]<#YR^2TQQ*5)]%B6S7*WP1B@)7VQ LEG6TCL#X4?-
TC




**L!#)Q*U047R=4C^X.R-/0U)3IQ)#V.C
MB@6$&W_^BX+W*(K8
G-;M
3Z60/6N*T1C8UV.W9
O# /1X0W0=E?'9CJZLB

$FP0]DMV&G


MBT'FGB\5

;RUJC_$%DK'SIBF+6[@-[;(I

OC7#Y_Y;VYP.X3W$HAXB&A?_/NN9ML2:7S'NRJG_--B

A)K:$+_**D

\.97%Y#8(FUF1IU:$-4?Q:SQD'56'H]=!-I
M'K4;\3/_?57W#J&L/.:F




M\TWN3=RA3_FZK:WUF2(BEATNOT%EEKW

M:$CJ8G 0@EWSM+W\C.N]G#XGO=@QG8TJ@Q3QPMS8%O(\N46 (\7F85T_%L/B

XF4
GA\)


&ID4&MX?H%5ZU]
MD;60D?


M\


M1XF.(Z5C]

DT+1SAKYUAK;5@4DI7#N=)XI^6I!&









+%]TR%T<FZ/5\)'G*73!UZ+K


M+''HS#*V)


%_MT#2
$V?)H4!7EAUO[Q!C%29I/^ 

M4:/B7'4DL)6YO
-5N-W$M('=&8X)BX)L.@NB*&(K#DCDS4?V37-6B#3HV!M7
M-DV2(

3KVQ1:G8M
;8,)Z;&CL_2/CDK&4V4C#,CAJ[$(LP3$2


!'FEG@MTF

M^9)AT2P=LKM+!4@14439]NWKVWUP;/4!W:Y:1QDT[&1S@LA
3=6CO=!H/?

FU;L5QJ9 HSAEAIR[%BK-;[\Q_7=

MEGJ

45XX6E9=OUM0)&*/\]*[+^I#9


#3^I8R]L

MTB)*9J
M-Y?E
3G+J=*$48@$Z7W]J


MCAY:




4V]A.TT
+%W3B=G#(&J*J8NG((6
M'])M2%5XE
0(CS4%75!
B11=Z#'ZJ[A%F@_[WB[O3Z_SQS6015V2V/G:G
O%


9J'P+$J


XB





MYO





MD!TH*80SV



MX1^

M#EEO0W+9);-LR%Z+GK'I

M+-U2&.6:CRN
(@N/




%QG[0H<I2EZC+ZO

FG/*(6.6GRE=9V2-7445.UCD

MT(5

M:1)


$\$(896(61
-
@A/L^0Q/&)
6IYA%
-YU39%T43.
(2_O &)-9
M@+(!E86@L%P+4X!J9 #X- ':Y1]/IS!62)_F
&4TP8\1QMQD]!$CHK
HQ8\P

I7*YT0N:Q*YJ.,'OTV@.
MW\Z[MQEP= ;W,=:W.4474Q##$@=N,_R8 KD K,8(4Y@^FN%MGF&0S RFV=
M5.*09*T09 7K-L-$  %P;;[-



_;57QJW4X\(E)('




9P84!28*H@%4[2&



M-$

&]0 B3^TQ= R24RS0

GU%$





M$09^EP]/_-T? %2!9 Z_\[][_O+^N'B.=;HCELI $AB4!)2D.IU@+F
Q]=
M-A'\E6&(HY]
0#D)T9@BGWB
#&Y'.O=!\
IB/^
2E7

$[_<$\9*'T$X;@<!Y

M:


RR6=!
M

M:-F?=FOE+TG&\GBU@]FC# #R?P^CDXHKLWZTJ[XTSNP@
'!P*Y4?*#FN9R6%

PPYHCU0'53




X2(=M[_Z+1-OS;1=)


M8Y763]D84@N!=J:D6L1'(=Q.T(G4@_
W7GL)4
M[PF&R<)0EH!JJ$&*DCGR3%!_Q%,[T[_,)T&4Q-+S_4AI^6K-&$J5A<=!X&W
MU_37C6IG H;1.2#\*X/M4/@[0XY!F]/453A\?55452WJ,^ZWK^[&LGMRD8

M4)B?/(]LY#P H=!9^2UG(9M%5J7L7MW9_NXRUL\W0R?7J;PPQP/INP+L+W


B9/L 


R50Y1B-
&)ED R;J
MK@].&9G?2E:4W7=RW[./;H?*)P*6IMI+]^[RU?GUY0O_[?F[ZZO+A7_][OSU



MZ/79W&C LV Z%=68W
=:

M(N4@#1Y!&)U-IV+=H^)%K\6R+8SS&8MCG\UD"CAQT6,!KC+Z-.V,!S@UUP
MI=JE-\$CI&B!6'TUY(T4:8-B2!0#L!
?G.W8\#-YZS
.\C-EYWT@ZW@ 6PM


2



_Z@/49EY/E4N1
^&M%V3B[U3.+X^U
M!BV[7NXV1;\-&_H72


M6#E=_^ES._?N


M[FR@\Q$.\AK.FLJ? ;!HR-(1K/C#TOS@^#2!UDH(%LT!2
I$ST[$[/;)K@?J


AM=D;+E%J@9?IN[




M7K)Z=:O4=V0&:]3T0)*K.

=8-ZN!1M)VAWHNV=@E@\7K3!:JH']*U




$@F*5+D8ZB]AGAE$NKO+V?*:I
M





K/64AA2HYJ&J


IP**R5FSW! &K8;Q5G@7M4Z8,%0R Q%*@(
P5%%OG\X4MITN &B.VP(-




M&*F$_YTK6(0HZ0380 (D#@P






MTYK-JE3W$L
)HGD*EUD'#6#P83+-T$ Q\@:1@#3%F+%



&=YQ_O;J^OR5_^KR
M?''IOWG^ZNHG82

JG6#%W
M'OI822^

!+6.





MQM+6DTGJ78P]P;N*8W2&Q9KH:3 +LW[%/H?3/T3QG_[E4ZM*O7@C9]Z5^?

MXU71CK
@2R0.V'G-4_Q2B3J:Y424)G'=YV$'@*6@=;XU?*JVN$YHGF3I U

 M..;=$S\Y9B BJV2R@?7#R+




M$/BH4PH&-E(55&Q.S*-GDTRF5G4!

X03TEDT:N0J+QQQ.=3BY
F^2Q03-?/[?=J!'K\JEMAA*



MR]!B1ZT&IE



M!%( 6\17+60T%
4HEV/H9



!3&55'*YJ\!DQ? AM5;M;%0M*AZ=
MXF97@FW:KD=B_(TD@'9A&GH:J4C'%VCW$VQQH9@K8%<5TFV(R$]E4VA'+%V





ME@4PO''#JQ?4

0?FOA-E;\F3%%IFO+UYZ+[S:[M?@-T1W]%2 #


]-&A+]
M1SHSVQ7#PB$4TU63YO.SF9[N4[UE@=XZ[H
3(SC&?G]TG7.^PCPTPGK*/J6!

SVO\/J4\J+MW)FN9MR]
0[G4
9P
MCBYESJ%F(^D#G\$$D[7
9

3-F#$ ]PLNU\ZICB#



MQF73[%5AP0ZIG=C)9

(74)UK&M
M](!2]./''_




MO=D-5!6TGMR'7E^)1)B#9


F7W3)(Y74CT&H1.N0SS-,Q9%5<P*V)J8IMBISR$(:.+M'+-+7RS1
M]N75ZW?G0M[MJ8FL/VYN:IV@ G)CA\G,7%];HC*69ARLJ&JGFPZK2+G6Q
MNDU0HIGW5IFDNOF*]_4FQPH!*'C#^_DG4&I?@*I6POE_@+
J\XW_%U#&4+;\
M


M8J*-&=

M/
1NZ?W-M]AS#'
;)L;H[=

E]-9
M'

MT/VY7C]RMI@PZE.)HEMQPF+'UR_A3%2NAT-F5= PIQ7E6^DETY9?QD:T:35K
J-T&9K13_LWSJE/-^

M?!I83A(MKB@.BRE0V^





LE8L15?0SH:]*]%(FP$328;9 ;_P+A8U9KP&Z:TASWS+ZW*

MIU]P7#JIZ9P[K)LEKL-1EE1L0W I4%J*L(9XH;)VN&+@BFPWPQ&)T+JM
=




-KSA77W:1:\$8




MB!.856.-*2@B9X-1AA*@0K8U=JR1O9R_U%N#Z5\5?%X*ER:ZI^:!!3R@7W@[




A3*T*$

8;

MWTK]12H\()W5M=*B#39^UZYEG@2^O]
5UHSC&1#&8Z#U745? M9
0_F-+$2

!$Q-X_0I%5V(:Y9IRIH40%Y)?;(G'0BK9 V%OPX



QQ*W3DE2Z^HDTK
)DK-:FRW/\3(&SX\D-2,1JG!C=6$\
MRUIASC:=I*?IQ 7$,)N^7M@Y*TE4QI-E7P<Q(;7^YR![?3Q=++'O1BLMSDZ1
M ^,#1([[]O(5%C<GFK+G)]_^7+:#YB-V\*'MAL0(\BLQ7HGQJS4+6.KO2QB
M!L0]IDWA!#ZL2L'(:-WZ$9PG=8\0_Y]8F3*W]D76XG%!A228S*983R$*TD25


MYDV\Q3YL


M&?



M1N1SWCV0Y1O']YSQS]D


M6U%VG+340LI!X.C$&820)GQWP7'.E0YS)V@TS/V 


_3)OQ')<$


S\G
0&0UK


M'-X^KCG'61I4)_6G\_.W@816B/Y+_


MR 0.FI;%9+GJ-FC3G;OW!1].DR0(LXSK U&J$=KR.5:FZN2@'\74WBK*LH-@



!8F?2Q8-U?[



MYSRZ5B[9Z
!.DU52Z0X6H.NC;&LL=.:6(IBB1I/C]*1U5%5\F)EZ^)O'$K


,U'W
M7)Q'9Z&<+Y[K+!1=LY5BE&%GQA%LBXC3]:(?4JIZ)!$BRAU;O)0F.X00M




M
YR;9K)J:ZN*7G8Y)BE_8NI

EH+R.9MP6\4TI

8

35;#./2QWDD8)_9MAHD @A!;=.)M

1 A3-\$Y92ORC?<60/!
MD8;AR(;B2

MX!T#S\JP19_3-Y#H%UQT) !'F9FK+I[=U!.IC




M%TV/L O]-$LL1(TS$':'$#4.L:OPS& JJ
-Q.ATBTBF2\W282H
PCA1N#Q(G
M*#V'A^'J

55?]9N.F$
M&_P+\'/ADDY0VD-3^)X+S::I[XG-J)9;CZ,CF$4H2;61[]C8/ !P/H!VIE
M& ^14!07B(_W43.=38(LZZ/F?!K$D^@@W(PRD
2G#M6


LN&A *
Y)H.HW0$$
73J$]M9W
8+=2JFWP?
MZ @'E;ET'

J!B'*T!.V@E5;Q@-'D!S4G2R !^?DK4-K6P@8U#E


MTM1DN 4A:#PLQ^
@9F'
$NL/1!-#/9_)P-I3#N6!2([9-
B!0\QLQ'0G[1O*
M7M?0%&%A;N:7U\M;0BFF7RFC=





!EG8IJ7T
M2(K/4=_9G55(BZ !_QOXR_UH)7ZN0G_9CV85$BWX77SH^-ON -A].87?^=_
M7X._SUYC&FW.=+B [PH0!J@XQES^NDD0?=#G_5((&D29F )*A(U9\XCY







MLG:562*G34$$H8#9IZ!P3'
F%3DE'9;Y6! +

#40RN%ZO0
6JICG:FU$YAL.05X-W

MV0BYC$[WN1;T'7
FO$^'%!B^






A'G#RRO$




MM
8\)E*B,H;7I'[/3Y.Y35H7=Z
$CB^EC[9__&6_@A\G




M@15;NYWE;87FP' *C6?4(MO.C!];WE\2V(3
4B_$2/71;9Q<$E^F=^.,-

M2ML.5E_BVZIPZ$(D6]BQ73Q

MG@G$;MH/JF;6 &-OX:GFXEAS7@+KWZ#2#*S@JTZ*1?I@OXD!+UYL+Z^//LR_

[)6IL0GLV%5UL/)N/()'B9 (T/9F-W@





MZ@:\+1'(G1%_\QW_86W(#
T*7HRDZ%KE23?N3EZ7KNV-! $B
\:2-2/5#@




1<IA






[^<W2S1!WVSUU;]H0C+I



MT
@.VXV#U]5J'KR9=NO0):1;%YH8-0A-




Y@_NVWS],M!VS#DW+2M)+A0D1ASY;YB'O/18RCFYW6(2BLBY:Z6<.5)GE
MIA$9O6*'*OK15I-V?B1*&@Q6N7#\<4<M.G_$&+



SM
M]
*EQ1 #B3;F
4KP4=*QQRB6(B)V@QZ?



M&LOAA))=SF\;+(T\U[$Q3
BPG];WB\TM'=X['

MCC*?8+V%_4RFL&!^'8;FP) 7&Y&O* K$-@

 Q)6;R
2!6KD9KHUA

MSS)U5:_[Y%+PVT.



M*2!Y;9


'4)![0D+


#0(GV -I
M7!&M08DKX[C)#OPAA#I[MJJ
&3Y[53(#@,)H4K3;!WYJD@U@U;WUZDM=M4\








M
<%4)UH?< L 


MN^$V-/I[..

./O\I)H24



M3Z]KQ2&%F)B#F('H9A1P55@#BJ(';27^NZ/(8B).:@@=E
&8\AOP]BHJ]%



$%     @
MVZN03C4#30$) @  
R


[?K/K



MWP$  - B   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;
W:74_,!0&X+]=FM8

+;3G?-N-
\5LZ=71V&T
M:YLNS+







M   ( -NKD$YMU9D&T@(  )D+   8                ?@(  !X;]W;W)K



@  &               @ &P









M%     @ VZN03LT3?





%1*T   3P  &0


M971S+W-H965T

  !D





C4N




M:&5E=#(W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -NKD$Y=
F06N $  -(#   9


M  @ VZN03GQ2J%JV 0  T@

M:&5E='

4!   W!

P+GAM;%!+




M

4


V+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -NKD$YWQ(#-5@(  -@'


M4$L! A0#%     @ VZN03N6RBW#_ 0  !@4  !D              ( !&7L



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ VZN03HM'IF;'!@
M!\  !D              ( !:XX  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

4     #;JY!.=@+'# P  #.!0  &0              @ %I

MI177\@






O




0'   9                9JS  !X;]W;W)K



M2P$% ,4     #;JY!.RCR
6QE<RYX;6Q02P$
M% 


#$X
3(S
2YX
M;6SLO7MSXTB.+_K_1NQWX*VMWNB*H%TD]:[NGA-^=GO;9?O:KNDS]Y\-BDI9


]


G*/:Z

?NZ\Y-U:=3A?\S6LV%^
M

MBXAS^A*\?H8O/J
 3PSSI&:*QT/2GTMR\S-\*QYTHZ!NF:U%\V-/B!^
HY
7


U2
M 1HBC%&;_BV=CGA3^MW

M^C?.89+X9J-


MXI'92?_Z.??]

7!



MO4\NZ%]D:BO\_?SAL






C$O



MG

MS=(6SUVY$'-*[QHG5JT:\


]=M':*-D+&_FN^[;BO#YUUWC\+XR7V_.F;[HNGN
R393O.!


4




MWQ\*@17R?5?;N#YD!Q+P^NT%C$@HJAX9'$-KCSO2L[]($71U)Z71 '^9.O


MC?H^.:@E4' )')@%77(^YY\HG


8O6]7


%Q&H!L;3VH0)BU8XQO1-%8%XG4P#A4.

0_=5
M^2B[@6'Z3WD$.D?+:A@F&58%A:VU#!L$HP+*UMJ&!8+1CNY-KVUHG52N]*




4XF.

MS2L@X..WW

\6IF7T#??0Z*R\LW+H-9WGL2L?/
R*/N]BUWY
!Q-



VT6[5FD;S8%MJ
MXRU7]V\^:.!.RK?S5:[**QJ90JK


7?_E J3P

 Z*(W%

JGW:82+03$


%





079+1U!S+T33\%7P7==15VV6_.*-^=8(_AYA(UA%BR&



'N#P-J;

.F




M%=@*M!A;7MH[.KL.!!7( W.VGE/ZT!G/



UY2]_P((*6\^@/TZ@\2:LHA*Y5#=BB PH0B(P64

MJ^Y5#V%P'81#^[ Q
K

.Y?U=L0':?





OROA'HEF

)

MX








MG:O9:=?P%LGUYIT+RF6[TY(9FB=F(R\I8?Y

8W*$+CFD15G0LX
8&!&-8



M8A@GQLQFT&HWM[@WEE+3+:9MOYIN6U[UG2+J=NWIEMW7XU74Z*7K%54.LT



MJF;KFQ:NQD:CO9.8QD-!)ID-L[D+4$T7CBP17'T7/OCB'6=C.W+1'64[ R[6



=3^#KJ&2;@/_Y9F$0WGD=V?T6(UVS9#


MM1LB5PFT-

M





RC;HXBC%4MX6(V!]<J<S]$I.


\C





MWKC+S:'@\-O:')8/OVO@[GQS6

!F
M$0)-L]9:D\#[\



M^.+Z7S1C%'_X[Y?X%_SR\XC^]5]FC?^/_(
^C/)%
^%Y[=D=DDB[(V_:8ST
M?9U]H&M/)'3[OVC)JW_1D*X3VW-?X)__!7L]B?):%W\X^[^^4HSM?^VAZ-?


UGV!R)Z]M]F(X&.V65\OX!3=-VY_HR4<

.@;L1Y

M=KD6Q


M0Z.=QS'R Z^E)+X#7+

7G
F)US=9
M0LU1#8^9)_ !9F$. 0^T^ 2SQ!.2,9+CM611@$F0,1M/$9M#0%X\+JH$X

_ [7A!A+2#0!:*,MA( (\$Q@:X(;/@L891F(2
M\^C44\K$EQR\=,%3:C2P!77#,/_C#TLISW+GV0C;OT29?B*-GCH.C$]R486

5
&?])JGIH_%7P_PX_\8AM8

#_ =!69[D]D5%
/1W-


RN8TH4C9(A&F/80T'3-:E
_I%!(5C=%


M174P;_3SP Y[2-XER

FH
?FV=.UMX#H#&
7N

MHFQ F9(?7.NC(D#Y(@I3/8D[]A ^QOL=?=R*J;ZH65Q?T+G+=+R!H864P!:
MAH4%\(2)
2X1%\Q0 ZYJ+Z[J)1'MDO-AO[8PPTGHKM(-/9B


MF)Y\:2
 W)YKAY


MM\OJ
/ZK/='



MFWRS=EZ3V=73M@P
WR5L(#HF^GR(

#1IZGAJ#^)+SC5





M+%XZFI






Q&-WXDLO\

#%I\
MD-+C?^4I0!/9TSY0'^:GRG5B[5.-&(H!T.K\ML


GJ'_'/C:$V8_$# _\=V@J[V=4P3E.K$FREG1)3HXR
MIL

MKI0N&

QKUHURR.^B2C$4_Q+@

8G!
OG-JC^%X.

M_9T7


UO*O:J

E2(*PXSFF!Q17@(@H;#07<ZY.''%$8'N8





M


2
O.2%[51K1%^)W&:NHW9K_ (#]_0W%S^
MEG$


M0XB!.YX @KIY1'5M!F9V3$'(]/LE%@: 727RYS'J0(\9QI$ (A:-@-T8G]!J
M3+X5=:G!%S!S2W@A^NJM.CD1?N



V5'%* L87'RQ+F^2ST$6*RV_X+6
BY#GD+WZI(W7D_DIC!#!Q@+BS2
M\L34
1:98QB$=4-G/

M%5!SPQC4@J;4/(H/
%@UD0)?S+48$(^=M%!/ G@R!!TV#EFYOLU.B4(W2JMH
M%M$!K^R/Z:G?V


D



.H$805\TK.!#GG@B&[?L$%ZV



MTP0GEX(@CX7
;DHE);V8F\=4N^!Y2!=F!^L#K#^/QX/3RA^:XM@-7=*'59*T

ML


S5'^5UTCL@2 2D:\2E/^G1\EI09\AP7_Q+I%[R-)TIV=%R29YN

I0&BU+]HW/YA9ACP5A#E0P
O8





AB
M89R(V6KHIY&9KH;
?ID9?
HRL[THD.:97/(@IV+973S78@6D:%-R1Y$2K&.W

^
4=.(LN9%5N3


B%QS+4320

MF C;_@D'632#F7
HRY-5TV)
#2!]<@:!QR-(
M[(<GZO@0W3/K:RZ.^L!J&*Z*597PTE
P 68=V3.JD3$Z2=U7VDN.]
8/$#.

MCQG8Z7E;OZ#K30:)[UN)@7.EOC#YY/DO'ULU'6C#0]]-V]46^S-WZL=?2F



NQ
BE]HFH:J%1'#U-$:.Y7:^VZ]'H


G
M*U#%R0TY6



?:D[A04OTGU__2BX;VB



MWS6DN_1R?__'5Q$-Y

MZ6%&8M(&C7* &/%ZR1F9_TNJ/4)?.HK&UU!VI1W/&M_8RWIW[2'@ CK&U.



%%D-)&D?U+^DUQ:QDU\-PJPAZ_(
MO.GA!&BS5N+P'*7,0'-JGO2%4Z5U1S@3(-T?5#D* !G@IW9_(A?3
0[M26]









M7008QU8)$3R:TTN5O#AA%X$Y^69M^6*(G)61W[+TINMMFY9%CM9U-Z\#LK

MV4-'GG.
ACA7(:&-+=&Q8U]L2VXVMO60SF7R;GD0X4HJ6ZP'&?/6V2\!#_[B


--/3C)E6






SSVPW19%/J](N


MA'^FH!=%'B!=%CM@;BB6IMNA[CER1DWSW( BNWD:1*)0
=F! D=NZT)[]WAD/1<:OR/:7#Z5'MBIZSR

'%Y7#JOJ0+OY**TZ:**(A2@


M\9E$

E9LM%/$\











UVT9UF
MT]3O;I8G:H;;




MC84%'MF:8[A\Z/66-3TLW M3E6@6.XKT]%9)IGR286?IFY/
8J7\F9ZNIA_E
MG_C.SRA)DV86Y;%





MH4/AL:FWC;9N&JL&+


14('B.(='0R!


M:^?Q3AQE[6X/F3^; 
V6;K4V!
UU:/FD)+U-2;=!SH:YH5


M;N/5B]XLGMZS


MW0Z.'3+\_DAQ;W4O'T


M2K*^MM+*7PEL*^OKFAJD2F 'M


LEFXTZ_)K=7HWO.<%
M#IWRNUP=R+/XPT)%-58Y[:'L31].CBW856]OFH]<6^E;Q.CK-F&VVWI5

MS!P+;





U
M9JG0JF9Y.+-4:#VLZ

&F#N^#T?J]70&\96
=:-CMXJW+GQ<.=9

05LQS088



M-
VZWC*./QQ]_M*25+-4,U0S5#-L#PSW)-LH%HRH/K^[;C':ZATJ;7T2K
M'?P
E2#5#-4

MI*AFJ&:H9JAF6(X9;LA$V42
QHW=KNU_UV[O#[J/2Z.MZO
.?X9*D&J&:H9J
MAFJ&I9GAADR5:K?+-1LZ#*'0=O S5()4
U0S5#-4







'3#
#XA.5V8?6B_^: UX'_@

X%/RV-@J#H1M%03BA


M53D7@

V54%C7:_6. N$R$%(V

BY ;7)*29JK8U *SC@
$1 CD($;^'P+
V /J]7I:#'5E?Y)






4_)


M-POHO(9NU#K5-=N^

MB=V/


M YR9\=

%4@?RL?X!8M2NV7.65





.JR &P


+
M.:

 _[) M*E_9




SOA
MJ=.I?8C7*DAU
2DYS-1(9I8F/$FSPS$Q1X%;#@$6[6


.)J4E[7A45UHV CHK'H9^D

8T#T/\F/KGFL

M+%R 0'@$NSO-%Q0(3DI?A$^$'PJ9

T'WN=-M%[@C/'WN'11

M E 5
F5LA\.










!6*/WSG




M'AX6HI%*#W.G8E#=F!+DN:74L0(Y/Y*H_OP.9E8X89-O7@O6$I(3/#ZC@-





M$3-






+NQ^J/1R%;W





&0
MY%Y;U2\PZ
XMA]L9
+

&61

MTJ39?ARC=$UTUPW#OUH@U^#V)]'&Y+='K3Z KW.1S(^CC<INC8PZ6-
MMPR612J+7HITJDQQMS0ZS654JT:HV^K



2C_J#/NCVR$*)/DLN*:0\N#&303L!IAT[: XWX\*&G

MV9%_R]I) FE\A








Z7B57;S6QGFS.KZC)UFC@



4]5KQ%'FIHRFVB/=H




WXE?-
KC+8FZ'N^9%8EB =(3ESHD-U*J




+%







R;
MMVVZGT,PL[]J*DC66X:BSR\16CGN.ARDRQLR
F:F7I:T@W$1A?.;G4D85;







\5+!\4$83F\N)AGLIT1PDQ-6SHP
M2











M!_03:@-NR$8I6W7?HI+OFXIO\Y@9%8B@'$Y2ZL*MV;:U3[=]55#JPJVHAEV?

LV
M96P








M/594T E?8-L;C

@\IJ%W+:

MS4[Z?W-\YY$Y#A*HH;C7Q5%D04?V

M_0T@B'26OJ:SR$C6;&0UOADK;@YUP!T%R8:!


X4JO:.6WLBAU\NM;HX0 #!KVW+ET$4G!













MGW

M)UL]9NX6\/9%O=;4]HWT+7+?^:X'SF*X(&^D'^O
6E4;VYFUJI)UCFNGLU93


M=/V1.T^/M(?O .V;?J7#94&^JN1;9E
(V@G5%:H[(/()U16J*U1WD.3;K^K6
M\
B;W1)23?YK.!?A:I=^T\@3%62O09T8TAK=F$(X4ZNYTH.45!92&9@IPG
M0$ZAZ$(R!3E/@)QT7LOF2UM0!K?OZVYU^#E=E6I:'!/
D&;P6QMJ'?'Y;'


'9R8X]\9J$@VCM^'
2RD'*R/T_[0M!6D6
?OJ=E(LXZ?F5C&
MR#P!W3S^E5U@.)S(RQ5Q_R-E32MNW!D


DP%!@*# 4&/8'PY8\E<8A%^:G#-9',;&3/GXP]''KU&DP)#
M@:' 4&#8'PQ;\E%:B*;<NK[OC+SA.BH61JHE@T
'T/!2(&AP%!@*##L#88M
MN2F-0REWHZDSF?@D'*R7HMH64O#QY^T?OU8)3@H

6W)1VHC1N+'[
MX/A_23=?!EW'1;?$_;SA8R@8*3 4& H

MI

MK 6A!:$%H06A!:$%H3LF=$M;L(TQXDUP*94V8/=!['@-*:&T)RS*N4*9.PX6

YVYAA(DWGS_@1G]JLVAHEL+)C3


MTWV98
I@]67-EOG'V '02U_-BX F


MMLYD#/_$ ?N
E3
5OY$6OIL\]/O=U1MI3$;NS/&BG][(;W[&LJS9EF8L@:X!

NYY&7
MLBMT[\SG9'PQ^M^%&[FQ&_@7CR%AOD*PV2Z(I+7GS^Q*

_?MP&8'TD9/U


:


!6SNN&
ZXY=1'% H* @2?.](

ZPRKTY])=38.$

M(I)!
ML7901.\FC:;2
PD)4#=X L%)


3-_A

*\R5+&Y*;%0/06F.5S:XTWO1:B5?!O

H6-A_M$MF6!
M'0K@SX%/WPC!K81!K^%=\.@W6.A=
*Z)9GTEH^#1I\&(ZS%8?G?B4F%
W(AT

M]&LS94/6[-
E7J.=&;@[VO;T@6
C77O[0%F&+?I)T:[[@PJL*/IQT)2=X\4I
M+6A(WAU__$8C@?0R!5NCD]^VD'H[J51=5;:?['4/?&\I6'.WW2/XU]Z9&PS\




D/[C5;U2Q]'X< G9/TBB3WUNZ=
?*%;PY+LQ8W
MD8JAJV9'SD\OZ=5HHZA9JMQ5QF5OJ-7:PG&&-<74.MJ[](5<[3NIJ;M*)C2

!P^*[Q;8MMT4

!V:I
M.XJ_#IYL^\AJ .GKZB9-^V3\)0C&SZ[GK9WN,ZF=RV#P9);(

N^ Y(!EZ/







]]

M\\@H=I\ +

_K&_9P^E-DO!YOO5

^&R4]J:0'QP-*I(C$M'61
F14B.0S\_?[G_*E2SDO\7KJX_'^_



MMZ_&*[Z))$?ZW:=-41E8O\(J/ YFH+;A/$CZI)U+7UUPEL-QVK..=L0#5
;N



M\&Z+*.?301LI
BBV-U

PIV#
MNR)O18 9.$6@$]36\OZ5&#
A6
IM)EG4HL!+SD.PB'
]QC9*=1EDG;T8$@_V

0H-3)(!9U#*
@-54^84Y?8OMW&\=?












L)!VK<888M7B-IAT1L11)W+ 5#P$4J

FUX9D0J^#+'/QXM7K)ODE$WHZ0-OV


T\U*X!XL7@$
M


P\M-1



+V\GE/^:YCZ_SHWJ3!*DJ)I(-+<FRH4F0.JV.:F@B[)?69!)

MG

M

MZ2:;B'%MG_(4L_(-S):%!,*G26*CP%JUB
I39^C)CH!





DNS#P*S


1.





MCECAR8/G7:RM/%O
[.E/V5E50XIBYO7TOE/@;U
N)U+V+D=COUF
5S2+9IZ6
.G.76O%+ (3ECI53_5;;W:=$YLQCO'46GG1#

M-'4F$Q^^!$U)CRPD'7^?933-&
;1U)U3Q #!*%[*P[ETD5?JI+G&17+0E$&J
MOBS-(

5*6;JR'\09P)0VRU[V49+Z2-.8Z]4456P#W&(ES2-
MK!Q'+F&W-449&+RYA**FJ
@C%.?%(H^PCT%SD70DZHKVX
0=

GOM=)GZ=@



MY/LC
)5I:N'UD31C/;+K0CGN(6&B^E\H3MCDG5M5GH+
VD(5U$@HE(

EF
M;']:KCMHR6V1?=P^2VZ7F6!0-%UE0'R'50M9IIS4N'Y5?)^!D1?6AQ4YO9J2
MU])/
O_=2(J!'+U+]^_X2MH7H'=8O!V5['M.Z [:U2)D%U!VWWI
[_CD=].R
^HT%FZ-9=7G


M'W+_VHDD7.5K58N;PA.(*Z0+^3BJ)H^;%$%Q1=1[+=M)WMH*









MS(VG!]O3M9IK)& 0
/1-R7+[QGR0R@9L(



MBJHBI5J-KF

!

MH.4X9X$O15


M:C$4/% K=!*F5IJ#Z,(4@E25()4@UAE&
CE7#1-B&W9I/P(\M*+'TEFE@/
MJ@%F#YM8)Z7&'G*9JR_1HHGUHVAB+6 0


M3]$3O5RBB;6[9M0;G(4D43ZY8(*GI#MR69.K)L%:F5^XV)WM#M[G&'5+06
M9$97D-QFV=K]10


MVT1OZ)5*N;*I(D64ZL[611U\OFH=
0Z1^-J8[QK6D&KQ+D;'SG4%-E9FI=8.

1
MFGOH

M]F#O)YHS;PC

MDG

M8^N=(DC5AU$$J02I!*D$J88PRK&12KAZ ]F)B%;%+4ERJT
VZH-G(BS+2):'

MDV[#__AQ$9T].L[\W8=%Y/HDBBZ#V8/KLQI.5VXT\H)H$9)[(
X'+QC]]?/_

7^EV







6UFT#&INE?Q1N=
NPU B_=']GK\6=L+
MZ21RD4.#

=N_'('VQPOV]1P;P[HON
?


5 _O:/Z@9[V\H*R;6-Z

MC










VCK,%A5+$4S.O#OS!Y;PU=L
M;N3-J'L0Q-KF13-,Q:P8 TE/GX/))Q<&)C<@ZT4V/$?W3S$GF3#7LQH^/6_

G]=9L))9?.NI =:RO?\F6LR

9



M+=QMYNH&S+JD*0T_'IBLLFI;5C=TW8E=IZ0EFXFW#)_?T3*$MXMP-'4BDA
N

5JZ&8W
/YM^
MR&?RS'Y9FQ#


5[Q*?8KW)L=@'4*1:-SK'.^H9-=UE\K4-8]PCV



M.^'XES!87W_&H


9-$*UKQS7\'<6'C
MGMY_%EWG5RPWD\W6+035
NJ/'B@.58 C6\2X8@6]X
9DXX=MJG:\%6O;
M7A-Y[PO:;8H!#$5O%LB&91Y.(NB)PV7@/Y$P2D[5:-8/;X&I5M01!+%2DP'

GQ8Z5].E;UTGV_0U.


!;L-@

4M(
M!*?A



(_P*)3BWS%9FX(W=;6M'V.ZV:


M

M3]+6_-6^[:*:26\7?!DV60P]Z7S%XE84DS%M.8K H[^XY3K=J&MJ;J2@K5V
M[HZAJW@FILL6-ML'EZ/W])J.TM5@5[I88L']CQZ
AK1 Y[HUGFAR7^?'#=D
MSRU[N7
44Z[;$1MCV[)P
=*T$YI]PU]5 67%- ^.SV_AW=29NCPL
$RK&)JJ
M#G#:W)L*^26]F^6
^=;166N*UVZ*@-R
M2]QJ0+J).\O&1ITKS*Z@RQY VJD#NV#\',0D$RF.;&B.[=5K;A<879RN(UJ
MF8668#-;(!/&6K&T[Q[ J48J2RO6DVX&WHI+L!X\






B?-%R$U23']A=Y]







MUJB6;1H=0L!Q)]A@)J(2 

FD*Z00N1:%H:LO8!B;*J%Y6O'
M-U 59/6M6:JU5P#7/0 '

MVU8-


M:L:AP-O-45M7\&9]YP+OWOE&VK*!!L9%25\S=

QY_04<WMA%7?X6(5!70\%'D\P5-MP1XX7N@W+

WU


M-*GK

M7

8
MRBUV# PNAMH-,)4;[1BJJMNX&CW83 A4<2\HD]D4V_L:BQ23%DKQL-6YZ@#




L[U_A
H







M!9Z@BWI:_KN.I&R!HH+4I%8_&^3! W(D0TE1X+GCU@=L(CH8V=A6-$[)E7W
MID48Y/;43ZFD?O=!_*I:?AOJI[2G?LJY0M5E'S Z^O



Z_!+)


ES%O

MDA_$M*T?.]T=+BNI
V?)VM!8V7&\-DNSDF*:HU#1TSW!(.U;C+#%*T3ML&@(







MZ4F/KB%5KWK_\V2LT




(-=UG?9AM--



8?K6G%B/:3P


MKX$3Q21\N2)S)XQG


%
8A


,G6I?$0IF@?=8CXL<D%#O6

=





M3[&0_F#$T+)A66W)/^NU%!YJJYG+())&BS D

M#F

MO6*W*
;'=N(C;K1S(RHRM


;!9ML


$!
PEF#G/\3/!!ZBY&B53U';
:O_AN

MMQ!6!N=U=6Y :J8)GZUP$C#*E*4JGF1!SI KIR$T/CXN%=Q


#A\0<E/$VHJ


MQ_ QS26.7T!COVT:
8/P]U^SAEP
B-_OSJ4[=^9Z3BC%@10DWCMQJ





MX%'-CE*:%(W
:.KXCV3
H''C*'W-ERX6C\ +26



O3
MQS.H 3AG!$HQ=@!PB:VCCI0\.4]O&TE.=MV(MJ.D$SR0^)D0?XD-_?*S
W.E

M. 6&7412DF$1/#6'!ZE+#*^8QCG^GG/\1'Z* [.FG?1?(+2GHVYW9!ZS*VX2
M7J=S^4U\HAMGULY?9\1O.2S%\1JD9


J9Q$J[I;4H/?D/RGN

M4!V$U6B\TIVV-/N'P G'[#8?\&=$'5]8PV+)#R1JT.AJZF0+$ -#3?AK(AK;
M&$UA%F=
+YVR=3%:/$3D?Q? .+HR?HMA+4H(F] [&4;[*L7!8@NM9R4\
*

M^YO))H64K0#)

&G83HSLC)GGA+B&6R(
MEY)46I(3%8PB ZEL&*_IAL5_;1I+OLO5Y?5%V6\IZQ_._&B0TXD+$IRX&91I



M@W*/(CH6NK

M(^%C:8
<0R()?-6'9&WQ9 9DB8__O6CLR9P
M],/*=.,LZGPNT4('F=N;D=ZBZQ\=ZRTRRBH&-LOTHAZ28T(K8,)TU=&LFF
M ?08A$-A7E,6#M

R5(RUI**OOD0I#8QWPPL97@)



%W
?&958M9O:U;V




M_RN[\8$X1;YFUOB#%P2SZ&$!LK/.G5Y]:X=!J6@V)# 9Z^!J:#]6ADP
B0LV


MN)Y



MH;S$%H(:GZX_?[U(W;KB]


:7X(Q



MV@+[DP!$+PMUE)*-
AG&1MGAO 1/TWD



=B1C'


9&/1Z+4%H]-BHY4+1J]F6F_)G2[E
M6%\G&15
Z:
ODTL6-+BC
8/K)'NOF&A] 4\42H2GMR[^++R4%O\&Q\!-7DD&
M?@
'62W#O!J4$^8=T9W.Y#/J^OJAA?9B]U65XC?+<YKU:
M*AG:RJ%XL


JG7\C4OTK:!DO@



74+D*Y11'Y(Y7UND;)]D'3
M/UA?+##\3[ K?239-H6]6A:QD*Q 7A%MA3+









;P_2






D)@_P=_^1X/V@&4&Q
MO_-^B E_*;99#-WN65
 B'55M^JZCMHIA/4C7;JMZ8TAO
(F&&.?IL/A9]9)
),
MRRQZP#N6.QRVKZ;HIB.U@5D L)=WWA]_EW$UP6[U0OO_;PHKRU;M
FZM4/0





;3O ?- X?O0 Y]XTV\EM-+0DYX0W-





19;=%3G0%+XDBXO[D\ Q$[6B=S#TO(4 KI
M[W-O
LE^+X.HSE/I$E8;Q;XL_8
$CR3UQQ[ Y87)&0?NR9^D#XB.\O
':80#
M.N.S



M4QGV;GL4-DQ#5FQEH'![Y[MER9;5IG]STG8BK1U_B(*)Y






M:9JXX[P=/I^TU7Y=N$0H2R'IOK!AHZAIYQK*VB1:C +2B[+$*F!VLR=



MO3ISNH7=Y!=TA7\:!4'TY(?W4L+1ER9^
@XB;'.&M^3)=$K&:4)!B:;2F)$F




M1Y-UI6Y6HPIE!

M^&;


M*2VFN(W&/BQQ






M=$L1Q?4&?=2W &;:BF4(@VNSQJM%*4M3%



5$@DY




MYFJ.:QD[KYA5A*!=7
1=_CH(B$8WN1H @2KE


6-T]-?-*/#OO36O8_=!WT]@J]VG46U+;:FCP49(
M^T*;!G;%UBA?V5^IW-EP%V-T4[$
W=@;8%Q96AS !]M'ARQ^@(+8OWA12@1;
]UA!;?DZC59MG;UJ:&[
MQ0Y+^]84 :
 CEQ@2V!4H: PKZ+%*)TN@HOQ&'-_5@SQ']DC7;A8X
4U&T



M$.#^-(IGV*3WR4\?)(]%!;##_#SVX5MS%

M\-MM2F4)%KN8 :AC3XH)/?\3@#GT[NFBV




M7\3C!SC6Z'6$9'&R BR9,2Y5 0(GI3B#T$&H7\&..+HBF%X/KJ\R5 -_/3






ML!.P
\=\3@V@+TL^^^



X;\S.W7JQVSH*?LA6J32VVS J:9\N/Y\?9/_JG[XA:N4
5]G.,4Y.^M&U!KE WLS/PJ_1?!$/Q'YK@R




M_

MGQ%[YC51_REDX %7GZE#
&+G *Q!#7X*S??L S96;!D(9)[0 T%5$U+=/L$C

\

M.


-U/OJ$7$-;_@G+GHSS7?N9W!8

A8B+T^VN?=
%3E-
MJ8S'


M?J9IQ

MLC@*;A0//G[+[ BZT?C?8'^#H?


^

M8!9I!-C!_@!#

M:G2

)J?1V$7H3? N9_
).
M
AP[SR69.4?

U=_E-:LE %5


M+3^QO!A8[X
!#+X\K3D!A;W1[:KD
JUW(:#%


MX
'7I7LRX:9=X7(J

HF'69D8:&$9=1

:JAJ5- 3ZBHU.L?+JA
MX%^$D\\ <(AG,R917E1<BW8E/*.8EXJ^7J_BW9KD2BI6/ZS$%GBL6.JET'3

F
M8IZ92AF8I46ZGCA8X1O3UI3+K,2:6JH9'3X&'@CI[?@AOB1S+YXAIX*/D1/



MDTW#86_\27=E2X-?X A +0F4)XW;M0]NVS#33DP'N^\'R]R-S+L)$#OM=]3
MR@^VW-8K;6 


M3;3ZF(+!4&Z!2IE499%3\#UYAL:[OX_)/3T3*#/8:9-_;^TUB-.
D#27!43]

\OQ7 9D7+MB!2L&#&\LPF7MY 


6?II!'^
@*[':
 ?-?P
 VW[O
P.+NYL0@+HEZ@4UX_






MO!2&#VH(GGDX&OXVCU*
=_!JI DB@



$F96Y5T2ZEX=K
MC2WF_;*(]_(^;1D&ODZF_E:@F
.KP+_;K.XH%)]HA'_7ZQ]\4*$QK5XIOYWI

1_4U.E+@S^=FHOV!

364;)#$O%;9
MYW^FXDV#
^R3??EKZ7+MG5DO!&I3H



:M^!47=/!C%*NF*PH(:A6
;IFLIC/IXKK/1W8XC2X=4



MY%;9W88$P6Z#BS/^$8\S[+!&NSLR&5QMWU@PAE@=.%6@LSF*049[KYA;R5.P
M:^PH-#O



S'4Q&;5U#7+'-VR3C/U!72A459G&
M4$:=[)8%1=-CM0\8
MH^-Z(GV(H\4]2UIA=RQ$^%V4U9\5;UB@
9KZ ;LWEH)(L/S
E!H7O%:9GL(%






(90Y5+LCEQP VA

M!4)V&Y(K+JH%LPH+?E
''P
MG%^ZXTU!4M2P_Z(9QU5[EG8P05.+ZZ/,[ &HRK9,?H^R<*<OVXJ( M!CIP+9
M: .6F[WD@9%JYS5&XG[6;R-#2MW;0KH


KH%ZB63):Q

MY?2
*8TP






M.XKK6$=37.(\
MM2;=?M%2*'.4&MZ)TC@R3(
W-U6S7ZM

D



-W9@#7]KFO/>!;4[OA3+5-2]NC!GN 7WTSX@S
M42KWL
55+=/H/U]JGKIGJJ7HMK$G]'A


?:





M W62;R3.)HOXXT:1O&_T^\G:W(\SY5S1=C:AW0E+&[CL]3YVX;*[?W;GN!S@

(T FG#A!5*

#G+.)8ZIA
%F

T27J
[6O8JFI /^;#'; S$







MEU+3
P%[=I%&X!I1

Q.FR604MH'?'Y=[3PW%E2QW40$$K6HIU:DI 0,P #_@))CM3
M'S,[/MX4[B<73]?%KL&LR/1O ^\:?M$%& &UPL<]$^\#%#VM0Z__HG8R]]$







MWMA-2WZW:\7A@;,;JEPZFK=TGQ_K$-W-^*,@%7F-6U75BS*V]%O)6KG4

*4/3-F@EP77Y!RU3N%S
M2%W#)

C7/RA3RV+ 


M\%/)3Z09MI$-_+](\ PO]T(IC+!YEX=6YHQ(6



M@$6Z8/UOBW5#$]I\'!^G4

RV*Z9UJYLBLXP^=X4MD%0\/5LSV)E
M%G)P&R!/7B+]Q.
8LO03]YQY(W/FKV&-4-4^Z]*RQSH%9/F'F38Q]I_AW_



);UE.5
R
MZPH]]^%T#7PX*I,EF^ZC:$+)ZQ4&B#%Q![$MS"3WB:$2%\CD'/M%\:1$9/]
MY5E-&]CCGH%# 8_N):++H4J[!H^L#BFYR20:)YQ=%K*-Y9%L%\G-=-L(LI5A
M:Z[J.I:SA&;[H?!4F6 L:XHAFIU 8OB[(/%<2RC%BAT7


OP.:@TT!%B)^)V+E'?[N
TZ
W5[)O!




!HP&C#JPQN.


M?$XF WW;HN]'XA5S: .A6U

;S0.&V*'R%?7+F WW;
MHF\A@CSHX?:H/
&8-F:I!B*W9[7A78ANZ-O Z6EX/83G(W3[YS9H]YT\DG!!

M59%5NW$/@8&=?6*G)BN*(2N5!W


M[B(#



M!=%K-M5U]P?V=&O@@:^D.'+]$2[]K-003R#L/

M+MN&(&$Z )2Z3:E?#X]L&VS0NG41 X


M

.
6LKLNM:/9;F@<DBXB^J^QH/
M[%?$XU


M7KUA(
U FH$T VD&2^LHEM8&O^$=K5LN?30O(X #^-Z%43SS@MV(?)!F7GSO
M YF4

X08SPX0H$W3\A[*?OI38D4
M^[RJ!LY3-[L(T 'JA;^^T8TW.X5]ZWW_




_W?A)_YR
N- Y3:H/




MUVS2P4169%47UMH8%,[;+(=8)1N#$SJ,Y-4178U139M05WI!CZU%A;07%DU
MAZ.IUVQZ,7T\7R9[-%MV%%=V+$$M:(Y




)!F

;A+^4?JA]+W@:P2)USA
M5K$T7\3S* 'XW\)'\P7Z6Z-GR9O/@^?
D?HS]/'CV]1+X;GL'?CE&#ZAL(!/
MIJD_8SEX4+B\3&\MTX6G?@)NIO1

DU
MD,.R9<.J&F'HS;;?:C)5A9#&MTL--V4I)G6&TW7X^;<FSA=-JN@!2J/D'\%

M@;2G&)Y$$*&SP$'_Q

%6P



MTL75^S'L+@W6\
H2]H9K^:[
)ND;KL4
ET@&C(9K



DB2E@HF+I*;::%(0EJ$/OO#



MO;
.X9EFZ


MR?P:A?B-. H,*FRH[J*D*JFH6J=T_([23T_))-/7APP$D#PN4R3B97=*K4


&;3D



MC9
RX^9%/'[X'#[!D 6)3=AE9B/IKI
-\-R]U35 $64['L#F!YB$D5R@ T




!6@TW[#Y]'4U
'&5$=%T2LCO030






K<WS_K85JKV^X6ZN_
MOE&)?MW=+G)W--C#U: 3LAM:A.YPZ=\/W'+$R3*@=S
MQM+*LTVJGH*_51RV

M
A$&IZ5/(6(N79$Q3;5)NBIW.T&RP;3ZIBMW-\*.RX3M5A]%#*KC:%.K6QBJ


W9

MO0#GW1KR)WB*'!-TV5+L5HF5'=VIX#1R0?28IC^6H)&E6U3E4WUT&GS/9D


0L%K#:AQ#KSVM1FL3E\.'FYZUAE-Y

]PB3C



M#_I1^CPGO[X!/ C6


M.WSP#7]]MD 0C4OOA=^]-(JSUS[$B.)_97VOE.SSP!N1(.^']6_XUI([S5ZM

C Q
M.#$R



8BA5RB$%+OG*S6(8P@STA:^NR]

W;Y[GG(<AB)+L3_]S.CQ^Q_\Y^7%Z?/+Y




M14;2#PDIRD@#J- QZ+]9D

$*XNB2T-40SD$<<D7^
M&H
0S1$
CKP(T 6

FB+2UFO$AQ5/^(\OHO]]


EZ-+'3-

M6:4E3S35Z;'0XW@^6?).OB1AP)UE/DTB'T6*[LPT=GV];Z0OH:YRW7_PTMH[
 O\1]*4P0:FS<GA

=EBJL)*BETG'U6=E




MQE-M_7J .*/W0_97MZU6#3E.Q9+5$'A

8010&[!524?(0O#GUH%=IUK&\PFT(@@QU#(D(
M+T?1]9)J+

N/
.PM(7
M2$WZ3:

MC2I\124V2KMVM!A*H9WJ2-*UUNFJ$CLWCQH;@5TS6@RE&D_OAHY='65?1=.!



MM;/



M1G@4
7$.'@4(T&(#LO:






MA/!UC1@M_0Q\5D&$(E'\KM2


NX'(RNT!


1?*]0CP.3H+B?^0P:_/WHH[
MB)
]FPQX\@C;YRBKXQ J

MS0.HE+OKP
GF=D'S



77NKL'3KM/SK]%:63D:6/E@BV5\9KVP_[J'HO7X$





MP[#@I1%E2\)WA[!]Y924[C5



M;-9L/;V@?!O\2.'X4KB$?!@_PF)KOX;9QM1M8$UX[6*)@D X)/$L&LQ('%T1

MAU'N*

M5
/O4BZ%9J5?*CVUF#-7G/(X@W



M]@[K?+/!M+&B;TG44+66O_3LDR@G7O@RK8;&V




SV



V\5



[1EHS(]A!8VKG





N[2L2)

=UD^0(_90JMS7:.7YW)F?JT4<UM1TX#2#;

YZCN$


N2K7QVQ(=TYUG



=0QNOXVD=AJBZW=6S(

Q5X-(:VT[6.-=/S+R'A

;@:YX

#$X
3(S


?%#^2S$RRD]MRKCEVL1VQ9Z]V_LR!9.0A1J*
M5/CP8__Z \'0 ($&Y1(0%


YI5'VN

MCM!-,89\=,*CW_%QF4]_?+B:PO * @@'4=B&GE$63GP]@NI:CV.9](!+

M(:(=$^-JM:CV MM2(;+Y@&Y-?W(7D &DY/-LY82'_%=^BYWWR*IJ/TWOP^





P6GL=9AQ4 6@'5MFP6H*<4PT@'&:4)^O+&;E4<OU

0*#CBB<(CUGA\S_JZ8.9P0ZO'S9H(URRQ']-!L 41L




M;+4'I0O9(-1NS$J=




EQ8!+Y:$AL+]!

JH-B1Z*%SU.M7A

AY&;3UQ8 *E

3)OCOQ83..09H@35@537)=D?/9+E+
&-Q(Z!+J\-)


3@AG .P_

AZ,&ZBYB'LW=PDY5X3),15-K8]P\$1Z.X<R!])5&<













(Z^KHM45)O82V
Y
[XPHTS?AO

M.Q#$*./WGG91







M$87


W









EC1*O
MI?F\
UZR


MF@81F4 _1QDN-5%;00HH&E:@


M@^U=O3W@;&HNY_!6V. ;]F
Z


*

M$SEJXX$.SAT'

Z.

M^



MJDI0U!M9[6=-I1H01G2D_T*;!^U6BYQMTXN7W973M0[K-_WE_!+@3 */BZ!H
M7$CAB6)XI1Q.;.UJ#*C=ZNBCLYAST8BF\(8KZIIW3SA\Q%_I3+K2Y'MWY6M[




7\@JB

T/!&:V






05 ] !G$

M*]F

M%X?HY^W^X@!JGR$.=
!NLZU@]

\8*\ [\-A=%S=7T6

(R?4.1K=IM Q+8GU5T
M[3:&PUNS[+4I_#VG



E_6O^P_9C]!E][
M/B+6!5ZM?10A^H?TP[]:[W\Y^_ADG9PHM/L/%+B8_/YPLVMW&47K7]^^_?'C
MQR\!?K9_8/(]_

MI1VE?_[RO\XN3]_3_QM]FIZ.?CT]^_7#N_^G^*W(CN)P]ZW3E\^G9Y]/3T\_



MB

YM0@VS1)'GV'XE$;F<;<C+QC!B\(63^63-
M9C@*6TBQ9+
:04L4A)3^%H=2$U=OJ55])O/')37B$OLNG94OT=QSO$A9!R%W



@.A$ #(:MPI<HLCT_O+
)XWR6
M;[&:_U3;JW)5%55XVY;YA



7
M(BB
;H*;*&1Q6\_U;++?*]6(D33YV8XC+%4AK]%4QQKEE^%DK?U&%^-5O$H
M&'1&29@4L6[X,^V?BE6'4X6[_;A9SII9E-8%D4$3NRV0ZC;_E9@T^AVDD;
M:M\HW0MC*AM.;=M#X9LMQSFK;[JDKU+G)\&$5T269@F^Z/R5J)&8]UI=8GF
MB!#DTM_S8G)'*5FM[2[.N2M[@(K\(MEMXFS%YQ'G!0RC[=)TSM^$
BUY(V
U.N64O

@-WJ)4. B=RLY:[#1^P+TUZS%T_1_(^O$VG+E?[0#UTJ;
ML IM=*

5L9O90UD
F^E]K%3$-5GET$P
MX?:5!..Y'3XE0




JR($ $Z0KAS(M(*3E_
R

R&S$D;XI3+:.PK&376W0$NT@W-YI



#[J!2

X?-'N (1I

1FHSSDAO*. R1M=4PV(*^AT.')GK)6$T





BA-@$WB=&QHA(@1GKC*'E!JY]RJG#W#D-UI2!
M=5]YXGNY*H!*67N'IJ)&()1ZHRPU]J(J
!_5;.^Z0 /:@MU#;Y@GR1K;KCFL
ML*
*^ *FWD$KU04$3F\PIBIFKP2N6D@9DS^AM/DP 9






587@.*?N'#5\#$!AC
Y4$TW$-)<:.-O;P_4OJ7_[+Z4]+W-0M5+%'G.?C]=KO]
M3KVNM/4?A?;^.M29'NI,#W6FR^H.=::-+FL\U)DV#)#94&=:ZW'(4&?:B+2I
MH<YT'HQFZTR'),H!0?]U +]U7[-_XKP@MCK)?-R@36?T@O(#5WOQ4*#:TOW

AD#3\&P#0!8QQ'2TR\/_<Q
M3B%PATR] HPO/+A4F 7431C&E4!*&7H(4%YP,,)O%CB3. HC.V5DL@E./J
M(4PEZ2&LZAY\ I[!0ZVZ7K^AO45MHBF(@&.@H##8+LK20[NV=M



MNPC)#*^V+N5(9[P.V



!.H'

UF'5'1E.?/K9)_
1$D@.8?-)]\:V

]N<['%2HVO#JQXI1W?!GBVEG.P.!*8K:!
M@R;S-#\4)<7AD@SZ%7O,&QA5,C:#H5 7'\2@X<.!Q3%)-C*PC)TQ8XWE]IP
MBPNE!@VM=Q\_=O\5A^DS)%

A
Z3$2TZ



M
&C9AF


4;K/U+6X46[H32H861



M@IWE H/6;KP6 _

M1C&E'YC
QX38P2)9Y\7UPP!R0YUIL=#@C*(W4WLO)@N W.' WO\F'W^6%@FI


D?XM7B$W6=^F=$#1;8CS71!Y;/9#L\^&I^NTH6\;\;;CN]!Y

M.9GE11]*6&!E]-?]VU&H+T%I$ZY50&49)+YUH54TA$BI02' X22;H'A)]1







M^N




9F
!KJXD
0-/SL\5W




W9 ;X=L&M:DIO:!2JS]WL\C4R[
MS;*547HQ]X!.TXUJGD7Y1C=\@U;/[B9OO2ICT^GF:FJOU\BM[(W*V#1MNX!.
MCJL)WO2

Q]89
MKHR%G%';KD .A*KP\$Z@Z:3@Q#6N#(*
3=O^0 Z!FNCPOD#O





K)R](@D\7
MM+MY+DJK*R=],*T@(ZBS5J45@S&LK0TXBO3?XH5J/.:O$@JY*I-F(]J156:


P4HJR0RC5


QDM=?'!?
MJSF92/TR%%[GU(+YJ-831,X]*H5T*\8NS^\I$H* -B6PGQ BI*!F_ZB@5G
MKY0Z(*)]AX3+8&



MTV(2[8KI#B5TAQ*Z0PG=H82N;EB&$KI#5V3D^_[7$+W=55YJE7Y[YC3SVH
W#J\ &$\CM4T:7KW+$G'KY;M.G8<PK]VFD]WK]6FP3@V
MI)N9KG,%Q2;1$I%FG&D31F

%[<YMX.<-
M[H_=FP'LA\8% 9OQ
A*G0H/3EWSWY^IYD/Y@ES
NRMB
ZONI7\=N(_?UG[C[





L.L7$J N


N+ADU@^ZU)F

M-CA6

MZP4QE3;KA)3R'





4^D%T2\G=
M0ZKKF#FQ^3&872X2';6\'\DM
*Y

_5W707FK




/F!
M\*#K4SL6!IC\O\





K35%&+=II!?W4]__[LX;3Q'
GO7

69M!5$N(8
MFQ](#ZX*[5I=FDD+TNNZV7R$S0^$!V?QEDTNRZ0%Z74]97,R8O@_'WADW^

 .90;M:D#VN339




_3%+$TGF]V_F4\#M6[=@P/,=?51'8IAE/V?0[
M/



MW\BCU?8FEUJ%5X'

MB-$U5?^+A*$SM7,P;Z(PPBO$+D)'#]VO6 Q#NDL$R)W:K^(CMPJ-V8^OK65
M,C-:MNVN#\A!WG/M$2MD-Q_4FJ8N3.YC-$4%Z_#R.\R@CSF R:3'4+)G+KV
M


&=X8V% 4WZWI#8[O^G?3W\-8.7!AY#K'Y*()@XCD
MXB?Z[H,G/6N)?2I2F 81U.X_?SJ\_YQOZ]6VM1P[WFX]UQY-C3G*0FE9W@?





723D@D/HZ$WD



M^ ;D&-C _4

+701**2_(+PG$<+3'Q_D2N^PIMD[
0@_KXA*-8#/-8Q
M



) [GJ?XZL59LE1O%AE


MSA*Y
7NUZB*95





M(YLU.[31B
U
\V_2V%I)9-E&5



1
MCUZT_SZ5_9OM++T D0T

!I 9)K+YK$T04.HU .1)E8


MS@?\2G!89Q^6\


M]PB%YZKOFS]7/2BRE$G1?76E-&MK:K\H5MCZ\.'0%FD+5M*$SH):.4WR!;00








MY.M3%M??^/Z[&DY3






X9$QCL)#






T+

R_VE%%YW@]D3\
X*




H@#

M^62/4;3]:F%T@_'A9I3#L.LN39X+G*VO\%-A.*B1B[KDDPYLET@R.3 
TH 3


?
F/RC/K8B
4R4KDH8/:Z[(!W8(K9Y ('^;AGCR8-9S.+

M@I-3 ];Z\X!C'@
RR(I=Q\4MO]AU?]'8M6

F0!=_N
M4@QQN2._T%R1C.
ABH



MB20


MP\PJ
F;4,*!?Q)I0X<_TK=LP+.4WH7V71
ML2QUO&0?T<&79B1*7CGTAB40WZ5HJB5!<6S




MJ9
'PT8+D$
4I7SRU8'U4K N/: BX D.+H.LH2]W]R37LUIE(![CO.23
M!




(

MT_
*.1@
T(.3A VOI!$31RPWJE-*+#ZGMI3HB'JBA !608E&#B(EAN!
E*#R




@$O1/%!IW@4D)EF4=)1YI[



-.8&:-P
MAE1KH*X*


M? MK05(BD\4^/#]^[



8D[
RS;U$I
M=O3.O7JOZ=?V1W==.@34]F;]Y.'
 1^O#JO9N8POF:%MM'11RG'$8!G$
M08#@K@B
#E;BDH?_+06!V?WW67J39NM :Z(-A9S&3Y
[$5,ZTEXIX86EN1A
MVOF22:%9](]M[49Z[%DA6.+%+^E6,R,,)-S-!E)H[4S0^]E[5ZLQ3
 %7JW


\U0
M'TBX&^I2:.U0[_T


$V_$
# !8M?;
M]?6Q'6+


MP9H12 6WF$J5/Y0JE5%'^Q 7LWE]




MY$0I3
V(#%Q+_2842010W,3!\^2B@U^=T4'*:R:!KT?072_#)'P4KJ604S(
M2V=?;K.,@21Y&,1_PT&FG@[4HJXH8 );LT$E!X(8!G#Z5(ICDIYQ!3\3@^E



EP*;G!15
MZ9
3C.HCCBVU.$IRK


D22=V 1/Q+A0EZO?\L;
MA=+LN:'_)MO^:F1=7P



38G%P6X5(8R

M1_=W
)R0@!+S0U8B
#C0
^ML3#^/QK/1:';*@R(M@OC.UF)6W0BP0E#8LY=A
M$.

F.M



M4X+6'D#X.+!1G]1 /*+1GLU .I.Y(\$3B0F;]NC^GWL1L_33.


M7
_4.SVC]BG0)?'VKWB7G]-+ T/CO:L@GJXN
?T]0F%7&2W3# 6=7
= MQA5






M&154
MXY8  FG&-4DM4
63V

M]P$7% N.KH
LH=9&WD%^59K%BH:R473)6?N*=&EJU@+#3&NH.C)66QT8W!.W
M;=;[.]\;9KN-


M*C4@1S;W677E:SRUD4HZCF^O@CJ(;C\4 \

)5VBJ^O[
MQ?E/?T5?O_N#[OCF?_S;VS]^_^^] Y^WOS_[PYL?SO[XIW=GZ/NS/_R)ZO_I
MS^5ISMD??__N[

M?B@#AO *8+:3)/T#NJ+_EFY@$


MC 9'CR

MR&8[IM?PSK%1


M0'-%

 L6FN\(;.=(1'[J/@9VL6GN\W


C9_I0:^_K9
M2[J=@NG!MO?HXER8&BD 2=9PJ@]5.P@94'A[]'?XX3::3$;!=&:)(39^.PY
MD)Y =JK.XW1:5D8(V&G0 T.X$6#E(3R?2]UR!NMI ]NU-;N'-D2:9_:E?2R
4BRI8MNM?JF27Z!EVE6!9'BF9.O7^F<FE9^CK<%7N?R
MZ!C:&]$C?=']+?51FTZ\Z3[*YV9B



16.E6:=?#'2I:;;9AHQ8X^IH-42!GMY+PVW7H
M[3VLI[U+=1Q^XA!-
(A0L4^1L):FPU1&'L:N'[4=SNU9'0.\?C+(%]U9$EV1

#L ^QP[F

WC
I%&'@=

M)ZPE:#Z6 VTB(05E (Q45

8)JKZIIBJ
B:.#?5.@60*S*ZG



MI:K
R

ZV+Q2@#43Z\B3UFWR@DMK]C99!)N-/$.73

2



0&HWF6.+2-
MKG;\29\3_H7Y4N[ /T\






-I70P.M!WP(RU(U9N.!P[GV*#,*L_QA)?]L(]\IR/$6&\NB/

ME$




M
7EAAUC6K253]4M8=67T5!7UH$5\'H%9.!JI!-FA24)E8Q\:]%62&7#V2AZ
MGCD5%3',F ,M^14()9O&5O^ 3D1%^MSGV&ZTXE
R1]-:G[))Z^$GGI]'?C$
MD^(5\T!Q(6#9C\7*


MHVZTML.776.KU'GQ9:L*A7S38
L-/7ZSRG/&%*=@]%WA39J3@F/GR87M5V&9

DAM3)@B6@?46_3[833J!:?1@'+\
JF%W]E(I08EI



K&6/M
MM6$E7AV-6_;@AKOD5U[XTB=5H*E;1E'JU?6RS-=


43J@FV?)3KT[0UV=11C%M$BP[11:$V+W3VM5#%+
M(A898








(O_8])W#M&W;

S[!X$H]:;(L







F-


TY9-EK.V&5?A8959A48;++&.611
MQU

MX3S,R(:'J$HBL5D6^+6XB-7!JH_\3:=9^UPT7R_EWS$_&:HN:BE$-(E**KH



/.:+5))BDFN



M8OW*F&8NI;0_(FEG*(4H4H9;SUX;L=[2+D=NUG1%UF0YR6OOD.PZSF-H6H





%I+.$3@Z*/YX%QB.3X7 76

M]P^F@:@*Y(

2;W




AI3G=ZL9*
(

R0#'\AD+\.8BW=']V0Y*
M;M#^#;)BVR[;BUF15M9ZKKD\*CJ=$EKI0B&I6/0K




YSQ&=J.4$8MI_$:[*K0^@
M5P$S7=GA%-P+<(%J3?3U79KGWR!: N)%'O=79IA\IQ<;C.6J:@

M#4)BX;LRO2QWJ?'VK&Z;




MZ\(\)@:YQGJEPB#V8[CT3;&\V5U&OH;CFXC=OT)/6=4YW0G%HP=R1X(C'A
M\2OR?+O&T8+YA!A?;1SZ*TZ/*H_31+UCS
-^ LR@.DZ]A.//ZBO\4JFY8N*N

^)ME#-HYL(CY$^6 &

C
MKQJCCHNU#C1FL1A7(VU=F8H?;JG!R\DER@-DEQ*DCEX 


M5J4BDO +@JKLW^6H*1W5Q3

8FJY\*O(



J9R


.0\
M_:=?KY.%#LVK--6H8
?BR E\R=^ML]S%8XT%;66NYX/#(*CN6JIXY^0X



U5\:.G%N8\


U-<.9TAPLN%
:LQW\7+
M-*%-DE


.BM:#2HTB=*5[



U:MG(DLLYF[-T
)M92B;DG1(F9
+U7^W@$';( .1L3AGD


MA7EU79UX/-#95&88]']W9D[)8#5F5/='[WVK0B0L6?714F:(EGG$ ?01%VV(

M?
E!;6X2$FF4!X6@LY&J!=H


M).'^\)=IDI





TO%74 JO83TP%LUN2UDNJ
7[

M';616-I*4S#J84O=72-



V'L'./ 89ZC.PC!3A-/8LT#GAR5[55PX2IE4&@P[






[4=F@Z(Y2W@&+!P.7O60A^#CN4X


M
/J(G1QQX%
^Q



V1%)KB#/-
=D0Z.@IMO

CH $Q/@.A
MM@C?E#-5SL0\E3Z


M:4RWM:/-K+T^!7#




A9&V9:.(%X[H%HZ-
M3OJ%0XW)PZPQ5WB3X9!P
U8Q2?5%7*X-



MGV/
_D K.%NS1S2_!=6\KH_Z.VBLPQ7ODKN';I0NRP]5-C3'\P/72SB(H?;%

U4ED8;$YW*[P?


_2$GTGW'N.Y)C3
M]:B;+^MGBC(GI6D

5T+Z?T5 *C&M
MA;Z'#T5J)4\0TP6#ELNTX3.KSF[*

T/3BI)5'$1/W.VHR)



1<UI9R3IO6I/(X:7RG-
MVZBIA<%FM.IEU+223I_5)_$\:G2U-*^C)I8%FM6JMU&3CIY3I_$ ZGQM5*_


ME4K!.'S501


EUO@F0WBU[8:Z1HD?*$




(5_G0:AD 3U6


MDT
&35.^!DTNVT_6X&4C5B7I\/VF#FKG8:9


%!YNT1)7@G\%ZP13:7A90N$J0JAIUU;&KU\K@#T'E&.5AM



M782S)%ID09+3.3VWG!L/4Z0[UY_#5+YU#]JO/._3Y@$K(;@9E=L..GZ2R3
I
M'QI%#8IJ$8:#%MCOL'L*CYYOF/32?Y QWF3V%UE51AT7-H/5O[JX96P3NY

=6XA']EE64$-'0PG0[)A)
1$^2M4 ')\


_FTX







BXJ5A4R.JB

M.$G6GI1CBE6-]FD-@!2=3$Q89UEC(!\E:Y\K!M;O%

KDA8

7GF5V.Z
M]$1Z#7B7RI9XY5-:)84V[!JR#*A1A]PHNR]M2X0W[76J.ZYQ_$U0$L@6Y(
[
ME8@@!8\A%9_X72AG7)^$




M=-0!NZZJZ)M4:







MG4K-TZ1QQ&M$1Y/)#V7G)?B9!1_2329C0


M#GT




M3W^UFKCVV%M=S2]GC[-^ _:0]GYWMGN2P6K[M?
CL'X5D0G]RD6\KD=7F/RC
M?H5


12;7V!UVA#6L!?H

AW'81[5P96R?H4V0E4&#O-C=







/=3V!EPJ!HL+6HQB
MUFLJC#K2Q^;$(WMG&EF10BGJC!4&L.TV62X'BQ=ZD








[P)J!2Y6
^?WN&Z*+Y)Z\]/BLHT()\THY'F1LWM(@%%*%5*(0QML#SHN
A'1Z
M[DPC]YBV#JWK


M83__J5H*5FOK( Z;O9)MWDQ&I;2?-U-IDF_7S$7*F-E(+@BK&PPH)7D]*G$H

CK.D

5@=
MH



4:4D





*VPTMY7KQ==B&Z27
M=V:[VL!N#[ UPK89(%4.
;FFYU:Q]V&YV.:121D[\SW5V:1&FBS1V@%7=&
M&PO0G55?*0N+-&:@XOK/-%I@KXNE;[A4J/S)H/0?;IT_8NV9I
GPEW*V3
M7


RUENI
U$DGHSI:/UGG.T04^WY(A.U8T:A+JAZ-L=





FU4/&Y*1#5)7;6Y+I05)?J
O.-RR1M<]
H%72:B5 /MIJ$4I6!Q2@=1DH*2
<M.



Y(;_AZ#:BN
B2L
C*)7GXI0-%3NET1_^9Q*0@

R=9=&%E9'F8$*\V-' TK7]#*TS9?=W&W\/9;$8TJO
8
M KFBT%M5)X:U]LEO\+K_4LD==9\G^1XLQKBIK+#KXZG42*=X[L87MP64/G[9
M%TY\GU'T6N<

39
MPDQK1)+QJN(SJ.5AM5;-E%IRFE#K/[\DJ+=5/!]#S&V&$;#&9R]@S9FS3K
M/!@0-U=F'5C]90]8V&)5FH*YSB(D==Y&G+SI1!?@C.X6KU\W.)%-J$?\%BRN
M'+^BNDQUYZC20;A2 A09B(Z8$2&!*FE8O6L#U3H($)L#C


M(!EKDFHY%


;\=ETM

[BA7
M1!6NLO\SK Z08A
B$&;?HE+

M


MJBK[=[GLB3R582%&NE] ?U_P[8!GI[FKZ_O%3W]]JPH&T_T55O?*H FO8JC
M^4]_]1M&L;E6&AXKS];

M4N_$ND^;X


\0#4[%J9M
MT M5K;S


QBUN3$M%
M%%4EL

7#F2VY[5N8T+7VJKZ


9#R*2E
%DM@4+LD7'Y_/5

M;Z

_%(ZXT+$RHW
M+]\BNON/MQ'=X/3C:Y $!0G]WS+*Z6;[%),0,1.<%\ <LE#.LY:P/6#GR$Q

H


Q14]HI6'UB U4P46DTD&5$JJU0'21H4\@=X)=JWM^Q:J=@T#/
M/G;S#HP)ISR=?A^G3T'




M== 2EO.+6=:QI=*0NH /4A$ZCX.37IUX@IG*'K5W8
PRS]JD?0AX!:
KR7

)^K0CVW1I



7M*!TH]/8S_I[5DD(&8=JB:R
MG%9-N7UCD

MIO/N
[P)2*0]M=+K@.XX!53+;JNT/9]VB;5BN=J2(AUFZ[12 -U=
IR6?=51
M!=-/??;E?!:8
L1*3= ]IP4\;;C1[0(OYLM-U '$ZIR 6-6CYB+ #
XKO$ES


#EG_1<AGKOW)LTHOA#CB#N+
ML$.0O._Z+I5K06P.RW *KN1/3O]NM;F;BW?H$X!4

MS


UV[-&#K+MT\HZR@JF^-[5F(#JKNQW/%'()ZZB YP




MMM)6KF7NO2NJJ\-R7BT)Z6*=KU34:CXO).W2&!K-M?5M)RUK7G;0X-L6G6R?
MM2







^.'K
QRC4PWHIIY


& _17
$X*H&^] 0E0
M4#=$0 .%Z1JH4%R40-_XZ0J@F(X( %: !@10HC@I@)[Q!@0 FX(8/],4L(



U(?]%HGZ\%C

ZA

M;V9E+3(P
3@Q
C

;-YH@X?S7R07UWUQ'_J?DUMO
M37Z=?01B;V4QO\Y^8<79OPW]H(23PYI^M-2%+_E!\^-?)]]]^^/%I\N8-



E'R


I
D^#7)IW=#?2_-!4S[F8FT

M724^#4/BI\$S89*R?LN;OF5P96L2I=-H?AFE0?K*L8O7^=09.?G8JY@L_O8-



MB-K:F--U]


+(\H+16O?I*BUG8DDRFP






UU^E3PK9H?Q?;&7I/)
R'_X/WA75]

XIXL _[M
M*.71]8*ILZ;BELV95@5D&OL3&C/=P#;CNG%?DTLVL'I98NWFSQB^8V_L*=





JG-_U$UD_\
M$8*V

$HO]#R@% G&$$HHR-U5J&S7:NX@@5F[&0
M_V+Z
/&^O)V$0M!J[BR64

MA!9=.!BN5T?&*L=N*,)JW'JE8N,7#%RZJF;FGDZ\PO;4=W\8XFJ #I1P(6



MYI[3]5







@[NTYV#LX
9
 *=-@55_;3+%W1



U
M/HP!&

M'X05S!AV&Y:R(S9+6:;\CUT\02L$N;- [S%82K?J\)4]H-/Z&*R'W[F#*I



M
_^G0G^I.KEV:ANK

)7S?9!:*=@F)6[MV?YNHZ(9!RKY6]F/
M)&)TA5Q\YNL@CA-_/RE10G6V[7_W!0U$YX@07%+X?ZA



U M
O?9+Q49-F0.*!S-H,X=7^Y
M\LBTREOC/N4EII$

1IK7@J
:O96STSB
H@*AG=&8V4IE:,:*SH;
XF?



MW;7XA.YB^APPM
<F0#7HI<3V27L1Q7$X*@V=X'.W(
QV:)

M#DGG:C/RWJ[#MJVB**]8HV

ML




*-R#BB





M1?
.E3\@\N6*\WF<J ,B)JB]4
M4*PYU 81%#WWCD=2=HOB+$NB/ ZWE2/L[E\B^*=XMFHTEQYJ?;5@U ^#H

M!H$B/K33R1SQ#KP;OS%8%?/\UCAXRMC$2KIA*D'4#RH60WN3#E


MA6)CKSK5@=C(R







0)!!J



.

M-&\3]LB$[RQ4IL&P_%F@+K&E2?3RT4RA.00*Z-2
\ Q=TQL_-_5&K0LJ3RQ
M!:A[X7(L[[D.6
^O<O'FN4<3![Z





.*D

M6&
^H5N:^0W.BH:








?TC (
-WP$(/S6T@$8PV_*G/&+P_5Z


 K




M8FF2(59_BYZY! 4DBT,?&_7=+GMW
2% BP'YJ

7-%?&MQMC[C?:Q@G\;P
MH[?9Y$6;[CS_
!,QL(6H&:_HXBXX#<!E$KK7#-C<+/X;TR0LA;%:T=Q;M!FQEDQ+



M=FA181+VZX
4I^P^HU6OHOB()F^TOENOERX[P3A?\2N&Y#KB
OD1L



8D

.'G2;_*
MZ7%_-&!=:KHYC^@P+=L!8@


O.



M;3[X)/+B@ +U?KTY





M('HJ)Q2

Q%%C\ J+[




MCB$V+U[.VULRG?-(T^U5JN2(:#:$ZZ@\/5KF-&%:DZ)DS)5Y_X/RX/9M*I%=
M6F[YHNPZGK
89*IL:R_+(ZI[S@R'NY()B.X_RJ%RH0W1B$8W5KYSY=\R/<
M(;#N1@ :JUP<'^ -IABR7ZJQ9K-%M4HM%R4)#:3OIOK.T68G00EWQ+W;S/N
M5ZI]MYC*N1?Y) RE_(=T=!Z3!X
 S@

X)




12;$CR%]\D)X

/62E




D_/K@/
MQ=?S74_#8/:C

M/?.AM..P
?.GG_J\+(UF.
P=D)79F#F.S-1YR/R9E^0//GED7
FY?0JAL]=]
Z8YD6J(7?Y





 QTXAF&YQ:.=K5'_2DG1S'FMU2$KA-OTX





M]O


^G&_ZT?*QQ
MY_RRU'JP'#L-8;\D





I



M?RG$.B)+1M?\V
7:E1R/*:/)




SQ3WHCR 8Y;13A0&;-]^QOKGH&+GN/J4;7Z?SEE5

$2)FK72UL[2[ $XJR'15JT


MY0=%0C)_3!@(H@Z2[7SOR3.)
6R-V2.NTRI74#FF_@M
MC6B=GE)TN^M&1!_7OM#*1SE8M^+\17CV#EE)](H8[25<LY:GI$%C4G1+G_^


M1



%.;(@




W4$#\&+\JU3*GH^Q

X#?[TRD!:

L 'TSU5PE8






M3QX(%P1_=74C
2L;K 4E-WEJI(?4BU



M&&8'SR:R76T.9;:UP_ !S&Y1;8G9_R=Y\I7LK3: 






#LA7%D4I*IRW[





M3R
V:.M==QO-F4F&0K;DI:^_&I%25\WN.IXS^Q*/6$D*:'\M@J6NO=UQ.&=V
M

MR#B
AAI# [W *&K#UXI*\485WF!:N*^6/3Z5

]OYR0H$& _-!G/?O7'#5EZ

=3]$?&MQ]G* 
AX7A-P$

L%833DCT%O
M4O7K-V4/UT^.83P&$'TD+PWM11]#I=G)(\-/
3


#W5
 7CS$XP@*^TS DB;]Z]%Y#JLF8(FKI



M.)'


X=X9#'\T9LP4'FE/?YX5$MI%C5UX0YS*WCVM2Z#]


X'


MI2L2YWY?B;VN[.':]0.SV@%$V\J.MS
K9]%LP[GR2+=GB-DBC](HKWADIR6#


X;JRL']?8!YYDJP8JO9Y[B$)2=


M3#F).!38698PNRI)ICXSAY

 *Z




M*/;]9(



00CB(7 S;(T2;V(YX(P


 :2Q[K6QKEN71HR-HN

_E+
M
MG-9;*=#&\3I



ME#N(
6-:O15K_2I+&0

GYC
U<
M%DK0D;MT8*
1B1A)U]G E_'10Y.7Q/7R'2N!K+XSWJ!+XFI^QU.6W+U]Z



UERA]#(BX]8B0$!. PRO4G)O.
M'21KCP

MFO
D
QNN%
JC^OGW=V5E9X3.!34O@QIDD7X[OLY]H6
M

DS#F# ^(.:I[Z?K;.\U
H%833X08X%^SDD.2C1?+KF5Z=_YK^7LD5Q.]S;

CQ



0E'5T[5(W!P_(QS B55+48@H8T9+:;TH
MS[
0GV,Q*119!VMM9[_LSHCM-6V(Q#\TM(8X=3$BRCVL0O J9?
M.'\#+S26%?V (SK3'TKJ 0@#XF?1O
;]N6PLG
8 R\?:'S']XZ\LN1KD\SF
MEG(+(6.;_U-(2LU4*B2)VZW+0,Z374ET?W-5 _ %[JH!^W XWH)-:51/?
M6U7MO?CC^AA[?*? _CB*;/.O6[ @1TV]@^O(I8

#8C'R
M]-
-6=+G:)5V&!




K=!O
MIX;CQ[


3@Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( -NK

MA6PX  #MXP
 %0              @ &Y4@$ 8V]F92TR
#$X
3(S
5]D968N

3@Q
C
Q7W!R92YX
8;6Q02P4&      8 !@* 0  F5,
end



