

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-19-001104
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190129
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COFFEE HOLDING CO INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001007019
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-GROCERIES & RELATED PRODUCTS [5140]
		IRS NUMBER:				113860760
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32491
		FILM NUMBER:		19549288
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7188320800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3475 VICTORY BLVD
		CITY:			STATEN ISLAND
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10314
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TRANSPACIFIC INTERNATIONAL GROUP CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960201








     







UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

Form
10-K



    
ANNUAL
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018



    
TRANSITION
    REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


For
the transition period from ____________ to _______________.

Commission
file number: 

COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
        or other jurisdiction of
incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer 
    Identification No.)

    
    
    

3475
    Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York
    
    

(Address
    of principal executive offices)
    
(Zip
    Code)


Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code: 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act:



    
Title
    of each class:
    
Name
    of each exchange on which registered:
    

    
Common
    Stock
 Par Value $0.001 Per Share
    
NASDAQ
    Capital Market
    


Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: 

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect; 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained in
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer. See definition
of &ldquo;accelerated filer and large accelerated filer&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Non-accelerated
    filer [X]
Accelerated
    filer [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
Smaller
    Reporting Company [X]


Emerging
Growth Company [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant
 computed by reference to the closing price
of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock on the NASDAQ Capital Market on April 30
 2018
 was $23
836
166.

As
of January 20
 2019
 the registrant had 5
569
349 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share
 outstanding.

Documents
incorporated by reference

Portions
of the registrant&rsquo;s proxy statement for the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within
120 days after the registrant&rsquo;s fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K.





    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    1.
    
    

ITEM
    1A.
    
    

ITEM
    1B.
    
    

ITEM
    2.
    
    

ITEM
    3.
    
    

ITEM
    4.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    5.
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
    

ITEM
    6.
    
    

ITEM
    7.
    
    

ITEM
    7A.
    
    

ITEM
    8.
    
    

ITEM
    9.
    
    

ITEM
    9A.
    
    

ITEM
    9B.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
    

ITEM
    11.
    
    

ITEM
    12.
    
    

ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE
    

ITEM
    14.
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    



    
    


PART
I



ITEM
    1.
    


General
Overview

Products
 We are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States. Our core products can be
divided into three categories:



    
    
Wholesale
 unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop
    operators;

    
    
    

    
    
Private
 coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
    that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

    
    
    

    
    
Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our seven proprietary and
    licensed brand names in different segments of the market.


Our
private label and branded coffee products are sold throughout the United States
 Canada and certain countries in Asia to supermarkets
wholesalers
 and individually owned and multi-unit retail customers. Our unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty
coffee offerings
 is primarily sold to specialty gourmet roasters.

We
conduct our operations in accordance with strict freshness and quality standards. All of our private label and branded coffees
are produced from high quality coffee beans that are deep roasted for full flavor using a slow roasting process that has been
perfected utilizing our more than thirty years of experience in the coffee industry. In order to ensure freshness
 our products
are delivered to our customers within 72 hours of roasting. We believe that our long history has enabled us to develop a loyal
customer base.

In
June 2016
 we acquired substantially all of the assets of Coffee Kinetics LLC (doing business as Sonofresco) through our wholly-owned
subsidiary Sonofresco
 LLC (&ldquo;Sonofresco&rdquo; or &ldquo;SONO&rdquo;)
 including equipment
 inventory
 customer lists
 relationships
and accounts payable. In addition to our wholesale green coffee
 private label coffee and branded coffee product offerings
 we
currently sell tabletop coffee roasting equipment to our customers through Sonofresco.

On
April 24
 2018
 pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement
 by and among Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;) the
entity formed as a result of the Company&rsquo;s joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc. and Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc. (&ldquo;the
Seller&rdquo;) a Wisconsin corporation and the stockholder of the Seller. GCC purchased substantially all the assets
 including
equipment
 inventory
 customer lists and relationships of the seller.

On
February 23
 2017
 we purchased all the outstanding common stock of Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;). CFI is a medium sized
regional roaster
 manufacturing both branded and private label coffee for retail and foodservice customers located predominantly
in the northeast United States marketplace.

We
were incorporated on October 9
 1995 under the laws of the State of Nevada under the name Transpacific International Group Corp
(&ldquo;Transpacific&rdquo;). On April 16
 1998
 Transpacific completed a merger with Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 a New York corporation.
Upon the consummation of the merger
 Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. was merged into Transpacific and Transpacific changed its name to
Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.

Our
corporate offices are located at 3475 Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York 10314. Our telephone number is (718) 832-0800
and our website address is www.coffeeholding.com. The information on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Our
Competitive Strengths

To
achieve our growth objectives described below
 we intend to leverage the following competitive strengths:

Positioned
We believe that we are one of the few coffee companies
to offer a broad array of branded and private label roasted ground coffees and wholesale green coffee across the spectrum of consumer
tastes
 preferences and price points. While many of our competitors engage in distinct segments of the coffee business
 we sell
products in each of the following areas:



    
    
Retail
    branded coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
Mainstream
    retail private label coffee;



    
    




    
    
Specialty
    retail coffees both private label and branded;

    
    
    

    
    
Wholesale
    specialty green and gourmet whole bean coffees;

    
    
    

    
    
Food
    service;

    
    
    

    
    
Instant
    coffees; 

    
    
    

    
    
Tea;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Tabletop
    coffee roasting equipment.


Our
branded and private label roasted ground coffees are sold at competitive and value price levels while some of our other branded
and specialty coffees are sold predominantly at premium price levels. Premium price level coffee is high-quality gourmet coffee
such as AA Arabica coffee
 which sell at a substantial premium over traditional retail canned coffee
 while competitive and value
price level coffee is mainstream or traditional canned coffee. Because of this diversification
 we believe that our profitability
is not dependent on any one area of the coffee industry and
 therefore
 is less sensitive than our competition to potential coffee
commodity price and overall economic volatility.

Wholesale
 As a large roaster-dealer of green coffee
 we believe that we are favorably positioned to
increase our specialty coffee sales. Since 1998
 we have increased the number of our wholesale green coffee customers
 including
coffee houses
 single store operators
 mall coffee stores and mail order sellers
 by 739% from 150 to 1
259. We are a charter
member of the Specialty Coffee Association of America and one of the largest distributors of Swiss Water Processed Decaffeinated
Coffees and Datteral specialty Brazil coffees along the east coast of the United States. Our over 40 years of experience as a
roaster and a dealer of green coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a value added service to our gourmet roaster
customers. The assistance we provide to our customers includes training
 coffee blending and market identification. We believe
that our relationships with wholesale green coffee customers and our focus on selling green coffee as a wholesaler has enabled
us to participate in the growth of the specialty coffee market while mitigating the risks associated with the competitive retail
specialty coffee environment.

Diverse
We have amassed a portfolio of eight proprietary name brands sold to supermarkets
wholesalers and individually owned stores in the United States
 including brands for specialty espresso
 Latin espresso
 Italian
espresso
 100% Colombian coffee and blended and flavored coffees. In addition
 we have entered into a licensing agreement with
Del Monte Corporation for the exclusive right to use the S&amp;W trademark in the United States and other countries approved by
Del Monte Corporation in connection with the production
 manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution
to retail customers. Our existing portfolio of differentiated brands combined with our management expertise serve as a platform
to add additional name brands through acquisition or licensing agreements which target product niches and segments that do not
compete with our existing brands.

Management
 We have been a family-operated business for three generations. Throughout
this time
 we have remained strong through varying cycles in the coffee industry and the economy. Andrew Gordon
 our President
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive Vice President &ndash; Operations
have worked with Coffee Holding for 36 and 38 years
 respectively. David Gordon is an original member of the Specialty Coffee
Association of America. We believe that our employees and management are dedicated to our vision and mission
 which is to produce
high quality products
 as well as to provide quality and responsive service to our customers.

Our
Growth Strategy

We
believe that significant growth opportunities exist by selectively pursuing strategic acquisitions and alliances
 targeting the
rapidly growing Hispanic market in the United States
 increasing penetration with existing customers by adding new products
 and
developing our food service business. By capitalizing on this strategy
 we hope to continue to grow our business with our commitment
to quality and personalized service to our customers. We do not intend to compete on price alone nor do we intend to expand sales
at the expense of profitability.


    
    


Selectively
 We have expanded our operations by acquiring coffee companies
 entering into
strategic alliances and acquiring or licensing brands
 which complement our business objectives and we intend to continue to seek
such opportunities.

Grow
We believe the Hispanic population in the United States is the fastest growing
and now represents the largest minority demographic in the United States. We believe there is significant opportunity for our
Caf&eacute; Caribe and Caf&eacute; Supremo brands to gain market share among Hispanic consumers in the United States. Caf&eacute;
Caribe
 which has historically been our leading brand by poundage
 is a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee
drinkers and
 in particular
 Hispanic consumers. Caf&eacute; Supremo is a specialty espresso coffee which is priced for the more
price sensitive Hispanic espresso coffee drinker.

Further
 We intend to capture additional market share through our existing distribution
channels by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products across multiple price points
 including:



    
    
New
    licensing agreements;

    
    
    

    
    
Specialty
    blends and foodservice opportunities;

    
    
    

    
    
Teton
    tea;

    
    
    

    
    
Cold
    brew; and

    
    
    

    
    
Sales
    of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment.


Our
Core Products

Our
core products can be divided into three categories:



    
    
Wholesale
unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large
 medium and small roasters and
    coffee shop operators;

    
    
    

    
    
Private
coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
    that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

    
    
    

    
    
Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to our own specifications and packaged and sold under our eight proprietary and
    licensed brand names in different segments of the market.


Wholesale
 The specialty coffee market represents the fastest growing area of our industry. The number of gourmet coffee
houses have been increasing in all areas of the United States. The growth in specialty coffee sales has created a marketplace
for higher quality and differentiated products
 which can be priced at a premium in the marketplace. As a large roaster-dealer
of green coffee
 we are favorably positioned to increase our specialty coffee sales. We sell green coffee beans to small roasters
and coffee shop operators located throughout the United States and carry over approximately 90 different varieties. Specialty
green coffee beans are sold unroasted
 direct from warehouses to small roasters and gourmet coffee shop operators
 which then
roast the beans themselves. We sell from as little as one bag (132 pounds) to a full truckload (44
000 pounds) of specialty green
coffee beans
 depending on the size and need of the customer. We believe that we can increase sales of wholesale green coffee
without an increase in infrastructure as well as without venturing into the highly competitive retail specialty coffee environment.
We believe that by utilizing our current strategy we can be as profitable or more profitable than our competitors in this segment
by selling &ldquo;one bag at a time&rdquo; rather than &ldquo;one cup at a time.&rdquo;


    
    


Private
 We roast
 blend
 package and sell coffee under private labels for companies throughout the United States
and Canada. Our private label coffee is sold in cans
 brick packages and instants in a variety of sizes. As of October 31
 2018
 We produce private label coffee
for customers who desire to sell coffee under their own name but do not want to engage in the manufacturing process. Our private
label customers seek a quality similar to the national brands at a lower cost
 which represents a better value for the consumer.

Branded
. We roast and blend our branded coffee according to our own recipes and package the coffee at our facilities in
La Junta
 Colorado
 North Andover
 Massachusetts and Brecksville
 Ohio. We then sell the packaged coffee under our brand labels
to supermarkets
 wholesalers and individually-owned stores throughout the United States.

We
hold trademarks for each of our proprietary name brands and have the exclusive right to use the S&amp;W
 IL CLASSICO brand names
in the United States in connection with the production
 manufacture and sale of roasted whole bean and ground coffee for distribution
at the retail level. For further information regarding our trademark rights
 see &ldquo;Business&mdash;Trademarks.&rdquo;

Each
of our name brands is directed at a particular segment of the coffee market. Our branded coffees are:

Cafe
Caribe
 a specialty espresso coffee that targets espresso coffee drinkers and
 in particular
 the Hispanic consumer market;

Don
Manuel
 is produced from the finest 100% Colombian coffee beans. Don Manuel is an upscale quality product which commands
a substantial premium compared to the more traditional brown coffee blends. We also use this known trademark in our food service
business because of the high brand quality;


an upscale canned coffee established in 1921 and includes Premium
 Premium Decaf
 French Roast
 Colombian
 Colombian Decaf
 Swiss
Water Decaf
 Kona
 Mellow&rsquo;d Roast and IL CLASSICO lines;

Cafe
Supremo
 a specialty espresso that targets espresso drinkers of all backgrounds and tastes. It is designed to introduce
coffee drinkers to the tastes of dark roasted coffee;

Via
Roma
 an Italian espresso targeted at the more traditional espresso drinker;

Premier
Roasters
 a line of high quality retail and foodservice products packed in composite cans and poly bags; and

Harmony
Bay
 an upscale line of both flavored beans and bags incorporating an array of unique flavors including hazelnut and winterspice.

Other
Products

We
also offer several niche products
 including:



    
    
tea;
    

    
    
    

    
    
cold
    brew; and

    
    
    

    
    
table-top
    coffee roasters.


Raw
Materials

Coffee
is a commodity traded on the Commodities and Futures Exchange subject to price fluctuations. Over the past five years
 the average
price per pound of coffee beans ranged from approximately $0.92 to $2.25. The price for coffee beans on the commodities market
as of October 31
 2018 and 2017 was $1.12 and $1.25 per pound
 respectively. Specialty green coffee
 unlike most coffee
 is not
tied directly to the commodities cash markets. Instead
 it tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a substantial premium over
commodity coffee pricing
 depending on the origin
 supply and demand at the time of purchase. We are a licensed Fair Trade dealer
for Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to increase their incomes and improve
the prospects of their communities and families by guaranteeing farmers a minimum price of ten cents above the current market
price. Our Ohio Facility operated by Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;) is certified organic by the Organic Crop
Improvement Association (OCIA). All of our specialty green coffees
 as well as all of the other coffees we import for roasting
are subject to multiple levels of quality control.


    
    


We
purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from
many countries
 including Colombia
 Mexico
 Kenya
 Indonesia
 Brazil and Uganda. For the fiscal years ended 2018 and 2017
 approximately
26% and 50%
 respectively of all of our green coffee purchases were from five suppliers. One of these suppliers
 Rothfos Corporation
accounted for approximately $9.1 million
 or 13%
 in 2018
 and $6.7 million
 or 10%
 in 2017
 of our total product purchases.
An employee of Rothfos Corporation is one of our directors. We do not have any formalized
 material agreements or long-term contracts
with any of these suppliers. Rather
 our purchases are typically made pursuant to individual purchase orders. We do not believe
that the loss of any one supplier
 including Rothfos
 would have a material adverse effect on our operations due to the availability
of alternate suppliers.

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Supply and price can be affected by factors such as weather
 politics
 currency fluctuations and economics within the countries
that export coffee. Increases in the cost of coffee beans can
 to a certain extent
 be passed on to our customers in the form
of higher prices for coffee beans and processed coffee. Drastic or prolonged increases in coffee prices may also adversely impact
our business as it could lead to a decline in overall consumption of coffee. Similarly
 rapid decreases in the cost of coffee
beans may force us to lower our sale prices before realizing cost reductions in our purchases.

We
subject all of our private unroasted green coffee to both a pre-shipment sample approval and an additional sample approval upon
arrival into the United States. Once the arrival sample is approved
 we then bring the coffee to one of our facilities to roast
and blend according to our own strict specifications. During the roasting and blending process
 samples are pulled off the production
line and tested on an hourly basis to ensure that each batch roasted is consistent with the others and meets the strict quality
standards demanded by our customers and us.

Our
Use of Derivatives

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Historically
 we have used
 and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity
 short-term coffee futures and options contracts
primarily for the purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices and to reduce our costs of sales


 we acquired
and expect to continue to acquire
 futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to four months
 primarily for the purpose
of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are
reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures
contracts increase our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the

 in normal economic times
 our hedging policies
remain a vital element of our business model not only in controlling our cost of sales
 but also giving us the flexibility to
obtain the inventory necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying to minimize margin compression during a time of high
coffee prices. However

contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
 and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in

we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred significant losses on options and futures
contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting in a decrease in our profitability
or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease
our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors - If our hedging policy is not
effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than market value for green coffee

materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks
of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in a decrease in profitability
or increased losses. As previously announced
 as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities markets
 we have and are continuing
to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts
 and intend to continue to use
these practices in a limited capacity going forward. See &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk&mdash;Commodity
Price Risks.&rdquo;


    
    


Trademarks
and Tradename

We
hold trademarks
 registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office
 for all eight of our proprietary coffee brands
and an exclusive license for S&amp;W
 IL CLASSICO brands for sale in the United States. Trademark registrations are subject to
periodic renewal and we anticipate maintaining our registrations. We believe that our brands are recognizable in the marketplace
and that brand recognition is important to the success of our branded coffee business.



We
sell our private label and our branded coffee to some of the largest retail and wholesale customers in the United States (according
). We sell wholesale green coffee to Keurig Green Mountain
 Inc. &ldquo;GMCR&rdquo;. Sales to GMCR accounted
for approximately $8.9 million or approximately 10% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 and $5.9 million
or 8% for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017.

Although
our agreements with wholesale customers generally contain only pricing terms
 our contracts with certain customers also contain
minimum and maximum purchase obligations at fixed prices. Because our profits on a fixed-price contract could decline if coffee
prices increased
 we acquire futures contracts with longer terms (generally three to four months) primarily for the purpose of
guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee at favorable prices. Although the use of these derivative financial instruments
has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices
 no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks or increased
losses and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contacts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any futures contracts.
See &ldquo;Our Use of Derivatives.&rdquo;



We
market our private label and wholesale coffee through trade shows
 industry publications
 face-to-face contact and through the
use of our internal sales force and non-exclusive independent food and beverage sales brokers. We also use our web site (www.coffeeholding.com)
as a method of marketing our coffee products and ourselves.

For
our private label and branded coffees
 we will
 from time to time in conjunction with retailers and with wholesalers
 conduct
in-store promotions
 such as product demonstrations
 coupons
 price reductions
 two-for-one sales and new product launches to
capture changing consumer taste preferences for upscale canned coffees.

We
evaluate opportunities for growth consistent with our business objectives. In addition
 we have established relationships with
independent sales brokers to market our products across the United States
 in areas of the country where we have not had a high
penetration of sales and Canada. We utilize our in-house sales personnel to market our private label brands. We intend to capture
additional market share in our existing distribution channels by selectively adding or introducing new brand names and products
across multiple price points
 including niche specialty blends
 private label &ldquo;value&rdquo; blends and tea and our own brands
filter packages
 and peripheral products.

Charitable
Activities

We
are also a supporter of several coffee-oriented charitable organizations and during fiscal 2018 and 2017
 we donated approximately
$51
000 and $49
000
 respectively
 to charities.


    
    




    
    
For
    over 20 years
 we have been members of Coffee Kids
 an international non-profit organization that helps to improve the quality
    of life of children and their families in coffee-growing communities in Mexico
 Guatemala
 Nicaragua and Costa Rica.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    are members of Grounds for Health
 an organization that educates
 screens
 and arranges treatment for women who have cancer
    and live in the rural coffee growing communities of Mexico.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    are a licensed Fair Trade dealer of Fair Trade certified coffee. Fair Trade certified coffee helps small coffee farmers to
    increase their incomes and improve the prospects of their communities and families. It guarantees farmers a minimum price
    of $1.40 per pound or fifteen cents above the current market price.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    are the administrative benefactors to a non-profit organization called Cup for Education. After discovering the lack of schools
    teachers
 and basic fundamental learning supplies in the poor coffee growing communities of Central and Latin America
 &ldquo;Cup&rdquo;
    was established by our employee
 Karen Gordon
 to help build schools
 sponsor teachers
 and purchase basic supplies such as
    books
 chalk and other necessities for a proper education.




The
coffee market is highly competitive. We compete in the following areas:

Wholesale
 There are many green coffee dealers throughout the United States. Many of these dealers have greater financial
resources than we do. However
 we believe that we have both the knowledge and the capability to assist small specialty gourmet
coffee roasters with developing and growing their businesses. Our over 40 years of experience as a roaster and a dealer of green
coffee allows us to provide our roasting experience as a value added service to our gourmet roaster customers. While other coffee
merchants may be able to offer lower prices for coffee beans
 we market ourselves as a value-added supplier to small roasters
with the ability to help them market their specialty coffee products and develop a customer base. The assistance we provide our
customers includes training
 coffee blending and market identification. Because specialty green coffee beans are sold unroasted
to small coffee shops and roasters that market their products to local gourmet customers
 we do not believe that our specialty
green coffee customers compete with our private label or branded coffee lines of business. We believe that the addition of Organic
Products Trading Company
 LLC (&ldquo;OPTCO&rdquo;)
 Sonofresco
 CFI and and Steep &amp; Brew as well as our external green coffee
salespeople allows us to compete more effectively throughout the country and Canada.

Private
 There are several major producers of coffee for private label sales in the United States. Many other
companies produce coffee for sale on a regional basis. Our main competitor is the Massimo Zanetti Beverage Company. The Massimo
Zanetti Beverage Company is larger and has more financial and other resources than we do and
 therefore
 is able to devote more
resources to product development and marketing. We believe that we remain competitive by providing a higher level of quality and
customer service. This service includes ensuring that the coffee produced for each label maintains a consistent taste and is delivered
on time and in the proper quantities.

Branded
 Our proprietary brand coffees compete with many other brands that are sold in supermarkets and specialty
stores
 primarily in the Northeastern United States. The branded coffee market in both the Northeast and elsewhere is dominated
by three large companies: Kraft General Foods
 Inc. (owner of the Maxwell House brand)
 J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of the Folgers
and Caf&eacute; Bustelo brands) and Massimo Zanetti Beverage Group which also markets specialty coffee in addition to non-specialty
coffee. Our large competitors have greater access to capital and a greater ability to conduct marketing and promotions. We believe
that
 while our competitors&rsquo; brands may be more nationally recognizable
 our Caf&eacute; Caribe and Caf&eacute; Supremo
brands are competitive in the fast growing Hispanic demographic and our S&amp;W brand has been a popular and recognizable brand
on the west coast for over 80 years.


    
    


Government
Regulation

Our
coffee roasting operations are subject to various governmental laws and regulations
 which require us to obtain licenses relating
to customs
 health and safety
 building and land use and environmental protection. Our roasting facility is subject to state and
local air-quality and emissions regulation. If we encounter difficulties in obtaining any necessary licenses or if we have difficulty
complying with these laws and regulations
 then we could be subject to fines and penalties
 which could have a material adverse
effect on our profitability. In addition
 our product offerings could be limited
 thereby reducing our revenues.

We
believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with all such laws and regulations and that we have obtained all material
licenses and permits that are required for the operation of our business. We are not aware of any environmental regulations that
have or that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our operations.



We
have 79 full-time employees. None of our employees are represented by unions or collective bargaining agreements. Our management
believes that we maintain good working relationships with our employees. To supplement our internal sales staff
 we sometimes
engage independent national and regional sales brokers as independent contractors who work on a commission basis.



ITEM
    1A.
RISK
    FACTORS


An
investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent in our business. Before making an investment decision
 you should
carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below together with all of the other information included in this report.
In addition to the risks and uncertainties described below
 other risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem to be immaterial also may materially and adversely affect our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
The value or market price of our common stock could decline due to any of these identified or other risks
 and you could lose
all of your investment.

Risks
affecting our Company

Because
our business is highly dependent upon a single commodity
 coffee
 any decrease in demand for coffee could materially adversely
 Our business is centered on essentially one commodity: coffee. Our operations have
primarily focused on the following areas of the coffee industry:



    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and distribution of private label coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and distribution of proprietary branded coffee; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    sale of wholesale specialty green coffee.


Demand
for our products is affected by:



    
    
consumer
    tastes and preferences;

    
    
    

    
    
global
    economic conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
demographic
    trends; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    type
 number and location of competing products.


Because
we rely on a single commodity
 any decrease in demand for coffee would harm our business more than if we had more diversified
product offerings and could materially adversely affect our revenues and operating results.

If
we are unable to geographically expand our branded and private label products
 our growth will be impeded which could result in
Our business strategy emphasizes
 among other things
 geographic expansion of our branded
and private label products as opportunities arise. We may not be able to implement successfully this portion of our business strategy.
Our ability to implement this portion of our business strategy is dependent on our ability to:



    
    
market
    our products on a national scale;

    
    
    

    
    
increase
    our brand recognition on a national scale;




    
    




    
    
enter
    into distribution and other strategic arrangements with third party retailers; and

    
    
    

    
    
manage
    growth in administrative overhead and distribution costs likely to result from the planned expansion of our distribution channels.


Our
sales and profitability may be adversely affected if we fail to successfully expand the geographic distribution of our branded
and private label products. In addition
 our expenses could increase and our profits could decrease as we implement our growth
strategy.

If
our hedging policy is not effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than market
The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility
and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control. We have used and expect to continue to use to a lesser extent
short-term coffee futures and options contracts for the purpose of hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices. In addition
we have acquired and expect to continue to acquire to a lesser extent futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to
four months
 for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options
and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and
losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost of sales.

The
use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices. However
 no
strategy can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline
significantly in a short period of time
 and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance
by the counterparties to any futures contracts. Historically
 we generally have been able to pass green coffee price increases
through to customers
 thereby maintaining our gross profits
 however
 we may not be able to pass price increases through to our
customers in the future. Failure to properly design and implement an effective hedging strategy may materially adversely affect
our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility
or our hedging results in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in a decrease in profitability or an increase in losses.
Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred losses on options and futures contracts
during some reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting in a decrease in our profitability or
an increase in losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost of sales and materially decrease
our profitability or increase losses and adversely affect our stock price.


    
    


Acquisitions
including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks
 which may include:



    
    
difficulties
    in integrating acquired operations or products
 including the loss of key employees from
 or customers of
 acquired businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from our existing businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; and 

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering distribution channels
 categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience.


Our
failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business
 and any adverse consequences associated with our acquisition
activities
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results.

Any
inability to successfully implement our strategy of growth through selective acquisitions
 licensing arrangements and other strategic
alliances
 including joint ventures
Part of our growth strategy
utilizes the selective acquisition of coffee companies
 the selective acquisition or licensing of additional coffee brands and
other strategic alliances including joint ventures
 presents risks that could result in increased expenditures and could materially
adversely affect our revenues and profitability
 including:



    
    
such
    acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or other strategic alliances may divert our management&rsquo;s attention from our existing
    operations;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to successfully integrate any acquired coffee companies or new coffee brands into our existing business;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to manage the contingent risks associated with the past operations of
 and other unanticipated problems arising
    in
 any acquired coffee company; and

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may not be able to control unanticipated costs associated with such acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or strategic alliances.


In
addition
 any such acquisitions
 licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may result in:



    
    
potentially
    dilutive issuances of our equity securities;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    incurrence of additional debt

    
    
    

    
    
restructuring
    charges; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    recognition of significant charges for depreciation and amortization related to intangible assets.


As
has been our practice in the past
 we will continuously evaluate any such acquisitions
 licensing opportunities or strategic alliances
as they arise. However
 we have not reached any new agreements or arrangements with respect to any such acquisition
 licensing
opportunity or strategic alliance (other than those described herein) at this time and we may not be able to consummate any acquisitions
licensing arrangements or strategic alliances on terms favorable to us or at all. The failure to consummate any such acquisitions
licensing arrangements or strategic alliances may reduce our growth and expansion. In addition
 if these acquisitions
 licensing
opportunities or strategic alliances are not successful
 our earnings could be materially adversely affected by increased expenses
and decreased revenues.

Our
 We have
historically utilized joint ventures and acquisitions to grow our business and we intend to continue to seek opportunities for
new joint ventures and acquisitions that will be complimentary to our business. While we believe that our joint ventures will
be successful
 losses in our joint ventures or any future joint ventures would hurt our profitability. In addition
 we generally
will not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding our joint ventures. Investments in joint ventures
may under certain circumstances
 involve risks not present when a third party is not involved
 including the possibility that
joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of the required capital contributions. Joint venture
partners may have business interests
 strategies or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests
 strategies or goals
and may be
 in cases where we have a minority interest
 in a position to take actions contrary to our policies
 strategies or
objectives. Any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners may result in litigation or arbitration that
could increase our expenses and could prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort exclusively on
our business strategies. In addition
 we may in certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our third-party joint venture
partners.


    
    


Acquisitions
including strategic investments or alliances entail numerous risks
 which may include:



    
    
difficulties
    in integrating acquired operations or products
 including the loss of key employees from
 or customers of
 acquired businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
diversion
    of management&rsquo;s attention from our existing businesses;

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers; 

    
    
    

    
    
adverse
    impacts of margin and product cost structures different from those of our current mix of business; and 

    
    
    

    
    
risks
    of entering distribution channels
 categories or markets in which we have limited or no prior experience.


Our
failure to successfully complete the integration of any acquired business
 and any adverse consequences associated with our acquisition
activities
 could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and operating results.

The
loss of any of our key customers
 We are dependent upon
sales of our products to our key customers
 including GMCR
 which accounted for approximately 10% and 8% of our net sales for
the fiscal years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. No other customer accounted for greater than 10% of our net sales
during our 2018 and 2017 fiscal years. We generally do not enter long-term contracts with our customers that are material to our
business. Accordingly
 some of our customers can stop purchasing our products at any time without penalty and are free to purchase
products from our competitors. The loss of
 or reduction in sales to any of our other customers to which we sell a significant
amount of our products or any material adverse change in the financial condition of such customers would negatively affect our
revenues and decrease our earnings.


    
    


If
we lose our key personnel
 including Andrew Gordon and David Gordon
 Our
success depends to a large degree upon the services of Andrew Gordon
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial
Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive Vice President &ndash; Operations and Secretary. We also depend to a large
degree on the expertise of our coffee roasters. We do not have employment contracts with our coffee roasters. Our ability to source
and purchase a sufficient supply of high quality coffee beans and to roast coffee beans consistent with our quality standards
could suffer if we lose the services of any of these individuals. As a result
 our business and operating results would be adversely
affected. We may not be successful in obtaining and retaining a replacement for either Andrew Gordon or David Gordon if they elect
to stop working for us. In addition
 we do not have key-person insurance on the lives of Andrew Gordon or David Gordon.

Our
indebtedness may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional funds and may increase our vulnerability to economic or business
From time to time
 we utilize borrowings under our credit facility in connection with operations. Outstanding
debt could have important negative consequences to the holders of our securities
 including the following:



    
    
general
    domestic and global economic conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    portion of our cash flow from operations will be needed to pay debt service and will not be available to fund future operations;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    have increased vulnerability to adverse general economic and coffee industry conditions;

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may be vulnerable to higher interest rates because interest expense on borrowings under our revolving line of credit is based
    on variable rates; and

    
    
    

    
    
we
    may be subject to covenants that could restrict our operations.


Our
ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund our operations depends on our ability to generate cash in the future.
Our future operating performance is subject to market conditions and business factors that are beyond our control. If our cash
flows and capital resources are insufficient to allow us to make scheduled payments on our debt
 we may have to reduce or delay
capital expenditures
 sell assets
 seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our debt.

Our
credit facility contains covenants that place annual restrictions on our operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
capital expenditures
 minimum deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 distribution
restrictions (common stock and preferred stock)
 dividend restrictions and restrictions on intercompany transactions. The credit
facility also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance
with all covenants in the future or that we will be able to modify the terms of the credit facility should that become necessary.
Failure to comply with any of these covenants and restrictions would result in an event of default under the loan agreement.

If
we fail to promote
 enhance and maintain our brands
 the value of our brands could decrease and our revenues and profitability
 We believe that promoting and enhancing our brands is critical to our success. If our brand-building
strategy is unsuccessful
 these expenses may never be recovered
 and we may be unable to increase awareness of our brands or protect
the value of our brands. If we are unable to achieve these goals
 our revenues and ability to implement our business strategy
could be adversely affected.

Our
success in promoting and enhancing our brands will also depend on our ability to provide customers with high quality products
and service. Although we take measures to ensure that we sell only fresh roasted coffee
 we have no control over our roasted coffee
products once they are purchased by our customers. Accordingly
 wholesale customers may store our coffee for longer periods of
time or resell our coffee without our consent
 in each case
 potentially affecting the quality of the coffee prepared from our
products. Although we believe we are less susceptible to quality control problems than many of our competitors because our products
are processed in-house under strict quality control guidelines which have been in place for more than 30 years
 if consumers do
not perceive our products and service to be of high quality
 then the value of our brands may be diminished and
 consequently
our operating results and ability to implement our business strategy may be adversely affected.


    
    



Our
roasting methods are not proprietary
 so competitors may be able to duplicate them
 which could harm our competitive position.
If our competitive position is weakened
 We consider
our roasting methods essential to the flavor and richness of our roasted coffee and
 therefore
 essential to our brands of coffee.
Because we do not hold any patents for our roasting methods
 it may be difficult for us to prevent competitors from copying our
roasting methods if such methods become known. If our competitors copy our roasting methods
 the value of our coffee brands may
be diminished
 and we may lose customers to our competitors. In addition
 competitors may be able to develop roasting methods
that are more advanced than our roasting methods
 which may also harm our competitive position.

The
success of our brand also depends in part on our intellectual property. We rely on a combination of trademarks
 copyrights
 service
marks
 trade secrets and similar rights to protect our intellectual property. The success of our growth strategy depends on our
continued ability to use our existing trademarks and service marks in order to increase brand awareness and further develop our
brand in both domestic and international markets. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are not adequate
 or if
any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property
 the value of our brand may be harmed
 which could have
a material adverse effect on our business. We may become engaged in litigation to protect our intellectual property
 which could
result in substantial costs to us as well as diversion of management attention.

Since
we rely heavily on common carriers to ship our coffee on a daily basis
 any disruption in their services or increase in shipping
costs could adversely affect our relationship with our customers
 which could result in reduced revenues
 increased operating
expenses
 We rely on a number of common carriers to deliver coffee to our
customers and to deliver coffee beans to us. We have no control over these common carriers and the services provided by them may
be interrupted as a result of labor shortages
 contract disputes and other factors. If we experience an interruption in these
services
 we may be unable to ship our coffee in a timely manner
 which could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our relationship
with our customers. In addition
 a delay in shipping could require us to contract with alternative
 and possibly more expensive
common carriers and could cause orders to be cancelled or receipt of goods to be refused. Any significant increase in shipping
costs could lower our profit margins or force us to raise prices
 which could cause our revenue and profits to suffer.

If
there was a significant interruption in the operation of our Colorado
 Ohio or Massachusetts facilities
 we may not have the capacity
to service all of our customers and we may not be able to service our customers in a timely manner
 thereby reducing our revenues
 We are dependent on the continued operations of our Colorado and Massachusetts coffee roasting and distribution
facilities. Our ability to maintain our computer and telecommunications equipment in effective working order and to protect against
damage from fire
 natural disaster
 power loss
 telecommunications failure or similar events. In addition
 growth of our customer
base may strain or exceed the capacity of our systems and lead to degradations in performance or systems failure. Although we
continually review and consider upgrades to our order fulfillment infrastructure and provide for system redundancies to limit
the likelihood of systems overload or failure
 substantial damage to our systems or a systems failure that causes interruptions
for a number of days could adversely affect our business. Additionally
 if we are unsuccessful in updating and expanding our order
fulfillment infrastructure
 our ability to grow may be constrained. As a result
 our revenues and earnings could be materially
adversely affected.

Risks
related to the coffee industry

Increases
 Green coffee is
our largest single cost of sales. Coffee is a traded commodity and
 in general
 its price can fluctuate depending on:



    
    
weather
    patterns in coffee-producing countries;

    
    
    

    
    
economic
    and political conditions affecting coffee-producing countries
 including acts of terrorism in such countries;

    
    
    

    
    
foreign
    currency fluctuations; and

    
    
    

    
    
trade
    regulations and restrictions between coffee-producing countries and the United States.



    
    


If
the cost of wholesale green coffee increases due to any of these factors
 our margins could decrease and our profitability could
suffer accordingly. It is expected that coffee prices will remain volatile in the coming years. Although we have historically
attempted to raise the selling prices of our products in response to increases in the price of wholesale green coffee
 when wholesale
green coffee prices increase rapidly or to significantly higher than normal levels
 we are not always able to pass the price increases
through to our customers on a timely basis
 if at all
 which adversely affects our operating margins and cash flow. We may not
be able to recover any future increases in the cost of wholesale green coffee. Even if we are able to recover future increases
our operating margins and results of operations may still be materially and adversely affected by time delays in the implementation
of price increases.

Disruptions
in the supply of green coffee could result in a deterioration of our relationship with our customers
 decreased revenues or could
 Green coffee is a commodity and its supply is subject to volatility beyond our
control. Supply is affected by many factors in the coffee growing countries including weather
 pest damage
 economic conditions
acts of terrorism
 as well as efforts by coffee growers to expand or form cartels or associations. In addition
 the political
situation in many of the Arabica coffee growing regions
 including Africa
 Indonesia
 and Central and South America
 can be unstable
and such instability could affect our ability to purchase coffee from those regions. If Arabica coffee beans from a region become
unavailable or prohibitively expensive
 we could be forced to discontinue particular coffee types and blends or substitute coffee
beans from other regions in our blends. Frequent substitutions and changes in our coffee product lines could lead to cost increases
customer alienation and fluctuations in our gross margins.

Some
of the Arabica coffee beans of the quality we purchase do not trade directly on the commodity markets. Rather
 we purchase the
high-end Arabica coffee beans that we use on a negotiated basis. We depend on our relationships with coffee brokers
 exporters
and growers for the supply of our primary raw material
 high quality Arabica coffee beans. If any of our relationships with coffee
brokers
 exporters or growers deteriorate
 we may be unable to procure a sufficient quantity of high quality coffee beans at prices
acceptable to us or at all. In such case
 we may not be able to fulfill the demand of our existing customers
 supply new retail
stores or expand other channels of distribution. A raw material shortage could result in a deterioration of our relationship with
our customers
 decreased revenues or could impair our ability to expand our business.

The
coffee industry is highly competitive and if we cannot compete successfully
 we may lose our customers or experience reduced sales
 The coffee markets in which we do business are highly competitive and competition in these markets
could become increasingly more intense due to the relatively low barriers of entry. The industry in which we compete is particularly
sensitive to price pressure
 as well as quality
 reputation and viability for wholesale and brand loyalty for retail. To the extent
that one or more of our competitors becomes more successful with respect to any key competitive factor
 our ability to attract
and retain customers could be materially adversely affected. Our private label and branded coffee products compete with other
manufacturers of private label coffee and branded coffees. These competitors
 such as Kraft General Foods
 Inc. (owner of the
Maxwell House brand)
 J.M. Smucker Co. (owner of the Folgers and Caf&eacute; Bustelo brands)
 and Massimo Zanetti Beverage Group
have much greater financial
 marketing
 distribution
 management and other resources than we do for marketing
 promotions and
geographic and market expansion. In addition
 there are a growing number of specialty coffee companies who provide specialty green
coffee and roasted coffee for retail sale. If we are unable to compete successfully against existing and new competitors
 we may
lose our customers or experience reduced sales and profitability.

Besides
coffee
 we face exposure to other commodity cost fluctuations
In addition to the
increase in coffee costs discussed in the risk factor above
 we are exposed to cost fluctuation in other commodities
 including
in particular
 steel
 natural gas and gasoline. In addition
 an increase in the cost of fuel could indirectly lead to higher electricity
costs
 transportation costs and other commodity costs. Much like coffee costs
 the costs of these commodities depend on various
factors beyond our control
 including economic and political conditions
 foreign currency fluctuations
 and global weather patterns.
To the extent we are unable to pass along such costs to our customers through price increases
 our margins and profitability will
decrease.

Adverse
Coffee contains caffeine and other active compounds
 the
health effects of some of which are not fully understood. A number of research studies conclude or suggest that excessive consumption
of caffeine may lead to increased heart rate
 nausea and vomiting
 restlessness and anxiety
 depression
 headaches
 tremors
 sleeplessness
and other adverse health effects. An unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in coffee
could significantly reduce the demand for coffee
 which could harm our business and reduce our sales and profits. In addition
we could become subject to litigation relating to the existence of such compounds in our coffee; litigation that could be costly
and could divert management attention.


    
    


Risks
related to our common stock

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly
 which makes our results of operations difficult to predict and could cause our
 Our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year
to year as a result of a number of factors
 many of which are outside of our control. These fluctuations could be caused by a
number of factors including:



    
    
fluctuations
    in purchase prices and supply of green coffee;

    
    
    

    
    
fluctuations
    in the selling prices of our products;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    success of our hedging strategy;

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers; and

    
    
    

    
    
our
    ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins.


As
a result of the foregoing
 period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not necessarily be meaningful and those comparisons
should not be relied upon as indicators of future performance. Accordingly
 our operating results in future quarters may be below
market expectations. In this event
 the price of our common stock may decline.

The
Members of the Gordon family
 including
Andrew Gordon
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
 and David Gordon
 our Executive
Vice President and Secretary
 own
 in the aggregate
 approximately 12.3% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As a result
the Gordon family is able to influence the actions that require stockholder approval
 including:



    
    
the
    election of a majority of our directors;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    amendment of our charter documents; and

    
    
    

    
    
the
    approval of mergers
 sales of assets or other corporate transactions or matters submitted for stockholder approval.


As
a result
 our other stockholders may have reduced influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval. In addition
 the
Gordon family&rsquo;s influence could preclude any unsolicited acquisition of us and consequently materially adversely affect
the price of our common stock.

The
 The market price and
trading volume of our common stock has been volatile over the past year and it may continue to be volatile. Over the past year
our common stock has traded as low as $3.65 and as high as $5.75 per share. We cannot predict the price at which our common stock
will trade in the future and it may decline. The price at which our common stock trades may fluctuate significantly and may be
influenced by many factors
 including our financial results
 developments generally affecting the coffee industry
 general economic
industry and market conditions
 the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock
 fluctuations in coffee prices
 investor
perceptions of our business
 reports by industry analysts
 negative announcements by our customers
 competitors or suppliers regarding
their own performances
 and the impact of other &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; discussed in this Annual Report.


    
    



Provisions
in our articles of incorporation
 bylaws and of Nevada law have anti-takeover effects that could prevent a change in control that
could be beneficial to our stockholders
Our articles
of incorporation
 bylaws and Nevada corporate law contain provisions that could delay
 defer or prevent a change in control of
us or our management that could be beneficial to our stockholders. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make
it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions might also discourage
a potential acquisition proposal or tender offer
 even if the acquisition proposal or tender offer is at a price above the then
current market price for shares of our common stock. These provisions:



    
    
provide
    that directors may only be removed upon a vote of at least eighty percent of the shares outstanding;

    
    
    

    
    
establish
    advance notice requirements for nominating directors and proposing matters to be voted on by shareholders at shareholder meetings;

    
    
    

    
    
limit
    the right of our stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders;

    
    
    

    
    
authorize
    our board of directors to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of those shares
 which would be
    senior to our common stock
 without prior stockholder approval;

    
    
    

    
    
require
    amendments to our articles of incorporation to be approved by the holders of at least eighty percent of our outstanding shares
    of common stock;

    
    
    

    
    
a
    classified board of directors with three-year staggered terms
 which may delay the ability of stockholders to change the membership
    of a majority of our board of directors; and

    
    
    

    
    
provide
    a prohibition on stockholder action by written consent
 thereby only permitting stockholder action to be taken at an annual
    or special meeting of our stockholders.


We
are also subject to certain anti-takeover provisions under Nevada law. Under Nevada law
 a corporation may not
 in general
 engage
in a business combination with any &ldquo;interested stockholder&rdquo; for two (2) years after the date the person first became
an interested stockholder
 unless the combination meets all of the requirements of our articles of incorporation and (i) the purchase
of shares by the interested stockholder is approved by our board of directors before that date or (ii) the combination is approved
by our board of directors and
 at or after that time
 the combination is approved at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders
and not by written consent
 by the affirmative vote of the holders of stock representing at least sixty percent (60%) of our outstanding
voting power not beneficially owned by the interested stockholder or the affiliates or associates of the interested stockholder.



ITEM
    1B.
UNRESOLVED
    STAFF COMMENTS


Not
applicable.



ITEM
    2.
    


We
are headquartered at 3475 Victory Boulevard
 Staten Island
 New York
 where we lease office and warehouse space. We pay annual
rent of $129
420 under the terms of the lease
 which expires on October 31
 2023.

We
lease a 50
000 square foot facility located at 27700 Frontage Road in La Junta
 Colorado from the City of La Junta. We pay annual
rent of $100
093 under the terms of the lease
 which expires in January 2024.

We
lease production
 warehouse and office space in North Arlington
 MA. We pay annual rent of $168
288 under the terms of a lease
which expires in May 2028.

We
lease production
 warehouse and office space in Madison
 WI. For Steep &amp; Brew
 through our joint venture with &ldquo;GCC&rdquo;.
We pay annual rent of $114
660 under the terms of a lease
 which expires in September 2024.

We
also use a variety of independent
 bonded commercial warehouses to store our green coffee beans. Our management believes that
our facilities are adequate for our current operations and for our contemplated operations in the foreseeable future.



ITEM
    3.
LEGAL
    PROCEEDINGS


We
are not a party to
 and none of our property is the subject of
 any pending legal proceedings other than routine litigation that
is incidental to our business.



ITEM
    4.
MINE
    SAFETY DISCLOSURES


Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II



ITEM
    5.
MARKET
    FOR REGISTRANT&rsquo;S COMMON EQUITY
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES


Our
common stock trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol &ldquo;JVA.&rdquo; We do not currently pay cash dividends on
our common stock. However
 our board of directors has approved a dividend program under which we intend to pay a dividend of
30% of our net profits for our fiscal year ending October 31
 2019 to shareholders of record as of October 31
 2019. We expect
such dividend to be paid in our second fiscal quarter of 2020. There can be no assurance that we will have net profits in fiscal
2019.

As
of January 20
 2019
 we had 174 holders of record.

We
repurchased 236
586 shares of our common stock during the year ended October 31
 2018.

We
repurchased 57
367 shares of our common stock during the year ended October 31
 2017.

ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (1)



    
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                

    
    
    
    
    


 2018 to August 31
 2018
    
    
    
866
541

    
 2018 to September 30
 2018
25
918
    
25
918
747
385

    
 2018 to October 31
 2018
25
500
    
25
500
631
858

    
51
418
    
51
418
631
858




    
On
    September 13
 2017
 we announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 Share
    Repurchase Program&rdquo;) pursuant to which we may repurchase up to $2 million of our outstanding common stock from time
    to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions
 share price and other factors.
    The 2017 Share Repurchase Program may be discontinued or suspended at any time.


The
following table sets forth the high and low sales prices of our common stock for each quarter of the last two fiscal years.



    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




ITEM
    6.
SELECTED
    FINANCIAL DATA


The
following table sets forth selected financial data for the last five years from the consolidated financial statements of Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc. The following information is only a summary
 and you should read it in conjunction with our consolidated financial
statements and notes beginning on page F-1.



    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 except per share data)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
90
655
77
128
78
948
118
154
108
863

    
75
041
64
978
67
066
112
437
93
334

    
15
614
12
150
11
882
5
717
15
529

    
13
213
10
927
8
019
7
654
7
527

    
2
401
1
223
3
863
(1
937
8
002

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
039
    
3
716
(2
093
7
965

    
    
    
1
366
    
2
947

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
066
    
2
212
(1
413
4
967

    
    
    
    
    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 except per shares data)

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
38
841
40
132
37
023
35
274
38
952

    
6
330
8
408
6
958
5
554
2
498

    
12
844
14
408
11
910
10
856
12
898

    
25
997
25
591
25
113
24
418
26
055

    
    
    
    
    
    




    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    




ITEM
    7.
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S
    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS


Cautionary
Note on Forward-Looking Statements

Some
of the matters discussed under the caption &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operation
&rdquo; &ldquo;Business
&rdquo; &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; and elsewhere in this annual report include forward-looking
statements made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We have based
these forward-looking statements upon information available to management as of the date of this Form 10-K and management&rsquo;s
expectations and projections about future events
 including
 among other things:



    
    
our
    dependency on a single commodity could affect our revenues and profitability;

    
    
our
    success in expanding our market presence in new geographic regions;

    
    
the
    effectiveness of our hedging policy may impact our profitability;

    
    
the
    success of our joint ventures;

    
    
our
    success in implementing our business strategy or introducing new products;

    
    
our
    ability to attract and retain customers;

    
    
our
    ability to obtain additional financing;

    
    
our
    ability to comply with the restrictive covenants we are subject to under our current financing;

    
    
the
    effects of competition from other coffee manufacturers and other beverage alternatives;

    
    
the
    impact to the operations of our Colorado facility;

    
    
general
    economic conditions and conditions which affect the market for coffee;

    
    
the
    macro global economic environment;

    
    
our
    ability to maintain and develop our brand recognition;

    
    
the
    impact of rapid or persistent fluctuations in the price of coffee beans;

    
    
fluctuations
    in the supply of coffee beans;

    
    
the
    volatility of our common stock; and

    
    
other
    risks which we identify in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;).


In
some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;future
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate&rdquo; and similar expressions (or the negative
of such expressions). Any or all of our forward looking statements in this annual report and in any other public statements we
make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties.
Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. In addition
 we undertake no responsibility to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances
 that occur after the date of this annual report.


    
    




We
are an integrated wholesale coffee roaster and dealer in the United States and one of the few coffee companies that offers a broad
array of coffee products across the entire spectrum of consumer tastes
 preferences and price points. As a result
 we believe
that we are well-positioned to increase our profitability and endure potential coffee price volatility throughout varying cycles
of the coffee market and economic conditions.

Our
operations have primarily focused on the following areas of the coffee industry:



    
    
the
    sale of wholesale specialty green coffee;

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and sale of private label coffee;

    
    
the
    roasting
 blending
 packaging and sale of our eight brands of coffee; and

    
    
sales
    of our tabletop coffee roasting equipment.


Our
operating results are affected by a number of factors including:



    
    
the
    level of marketing and pricing competition from existing or new competitors in the coffee industry;

    
    
our
    ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers;

    
    
our
    hedging policy;

    
    
fluctuations
    in purchase prices and supply of green coffee and in the selling prices of our products; and

    
    
our
    ability to manage inventory and fulfillment operations and maintain gross margins.


Our
net sales are driven primarily by the success of our sales and marketing efforts and our ability to retain existing customers
and attract new customers. For this reason
 we have made
 and will continue to evaluate
 strategic decisions to invest in measures
that are expected to increase net sales. These transactions include our acquisition of Premier Roasters
 LLC
 including equipment
and a roasting facility in La Junta
 Colorado
 the addition of a west coast sales manager to increase sales of our private label
and branded coffees to new customers
 our joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc. of Brecksville
 Ohio
 the transaction
with OPTCO and our licensing arrangement with DTS8 Coffee Company
 Ltd. On June 29
 2016
 we purchased substantially all the assets
including equipment
 inventory
 customer lists and relationships of Coffee Kinetics
 LLC. A Washington limited liability company.
On June 29
 2016
 we purchased through SONO
 substantially all the assets
 including equipment
 inventory
 customer list and relationships
of Coffee Kinetics
 LLC
 a Washington limited liability company. On February 24
 2017
 we acquired 100% of the capital stock of
Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;)
 a Massachusetts based medium sized coffee roaster
 manufacturing both branded and private
label coffee for retail and foodservice customers. In April 2018
 Generations Coffee Company
 the entity formed as a result of
our joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc.
 purchased substantially all the assets of Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc. We believe
these efforts will allow us to expand our business.

Our
net sales are affected by the price of green coffee. We purchase our green coffee from dealers located primarily within the United
States. The dealers supply us with coffee beans from many countries
 including Colombia
 Mexico
 Kenya
 Indonesia
 Brazil and
Uganda. The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond
our control. For example
 in Brazil
 which produces approximately 40% of the world&rsquo;s green coffee
 the coffee crops are
historically susceptible to frost in June and July and drought in September
 October and November. However
 because we purchase
coffee from a number of countries and are able to freely substitute one country&rsquo;s coffee for another in our products
 price
fluctuations in one country generally have not had a material impact on the price we pay for coffee. Accordingly
 price fluctuations
in one country generally have not had a material effect on our results of operations
 liquidity and capital resources. Historically
because we generally have been able to pass green coffee price increases through to customers
 increased prices of green coffee
generally result in increased net sales
 irrespective of sales volume.

The
supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which are beyond our control.
Historically
 we have used
 and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity
 short-term coffee futures and options contracts
primarily for the purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices
 as further explained in Note 2 of
the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. In addition
 we acquired
 and expect to continue to acquire
futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to four months
 primarily for the purpose of guaranteeing an adequate supply
of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected in our cost of sales.
Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts increase our cost
of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect of changing prices.
We believe that
 in normal economic times
 our hedging policies remain a vital element to our business model not only in controlling
our cost of sales
 but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory necessary to continue to grow our sales while trying
to minimize margin compression during a time of historically high coffee prices. However
 no strategy can entirely eliminate pricing
risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly in a short period of time
and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to any of our futures
contracts. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred significant losses on
options and futures contracts during some recent reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
 resulting
in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase our cost
of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk Factors
- If our hedging policy is not effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater than
market value for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced.&rdquo; Failure to properly design and implement an effective
hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately
offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in
a decrease in profitability or increased losses. As previously announced
 as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities
markets
 we have and are continuing to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts
and intend to continue to use these practices in a limited capacity going forward.


    
    


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (&ldquo;U.S. GAAP&rdquo;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts
reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. Estimates are used for
 but not limited to
 the accounting for the
allowance for doubtful accounts
 inventories
 assets held for sale
 business combinations
 carrying amounts of intangible assets
and goodwill
 deferred taxes
 income taxes
 commodities held and loss contingencies. Management bases its estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ
from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.

We
believe the following critical accounting policies
 among others
 may be impacted significantly by judgment
 assumptions and estimates
used in the preparation of the financial statements:



    
    
We
    recognize revenue in accordance with the relevant authoritative guidance. Revenue is recognized at the point title and risk
    of ownership transfers to its customers which is upon the shippers taking possession of the goods because i) title passes
    in accordance with the terms of the purchase orders and with our agreements with our customers
 ii) any risk of loss is covered
    by the customers&rsquo; insurance
 iii) there is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement
 iv) the sales price is determinable
    and v) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Thus
 revenue is recognized at the point of shipment.

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    allowance for doubtful accounts is maintained to provide for losses arising from customers&rsquo; inability to make required
    payments. If there is deterioration of our customers&rsquo; credit worthiness and/or there is an increase in the length of
    time that the receivables are past due greater than the historical assumptions used
 additional allowances may be required.
    For example
 every additional one percent of our accounts receivable that becomes uncollectible
 would decrease our operating
    income by approximately $99
000 for the year ended October 31
 2018. The reserve for sales discounts represents the estimated
    discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount of returns
    slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by us from our customers.

    
    
    

    
    
Inventories
    are stated at lower of cost (determined on a first-in
 first-out basis) or market. Based on our assumptions about future demand
    and market conditions
 inventories are subject to be written-down to market value. If our assumptions about future demand
    change and/or actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected
 additional write-downs of inventories may
    be required. Each additional one percent of potential inventory write-down would have decreased operating income by approximately
    $153
000 for the year ended October 31
 2018.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    commodities held at broker represent the market value of the Company&rsquo;s trading account
 which consists of option and
    futures contracts for coffee held with a brokerage firm. We use options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or
    qualifying as hedging instruments
 to partially hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options
    and futures contracts are recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains
    and losses on such positions. We classify options and futures contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized
    holding gains and losses are included in earnings. We record realized and unrealized gains and losses in our cost of sales
    in the statement of operations/income.

    
    
    

    
    
We
    account for income taxes in accordance with the relevant authoritative guidance. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are computed
    for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable
    or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected
    to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reflected on the balance sheet when it is determined that it is more likely than not that
    the asset will be realized.

    
    
    

    
    
Our
    goodwill consists of the cost in excess of the fair market value of the acquired net assets of OPTCO
 SONO
 CFI and Steep
    &amp; Brew
 through GCC
 which has been integrated into a structure that does not provide the basis for separate reporting
    units. Consequently
 we are a single reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. We also have intangible assets
    consisting of our customer lists and relationships and trademarks acquired from OPTCO and SONO. At October 31
 2018 our balance
    sheet reflected goodwill and intangible assets as set forth below:



    
    




    

 2018


 net
576
125

    
331
124


 net
89
100

    
2
157
661

    
1
488
000

    
    

    
4
642
010


Goodwill
and the trademarks which are deemed to have indefinite lives are subject to annual impairment tests. Goodwill impairment tests
require the comparison of the fair value and carrying value of reporting units. We assess the potential impairment of goodwill
and intangible assets annually and on an interim basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
value may not be recoverable. Upon completion of such review
 if impairment is found to have occurred
 a corresponding charge
will be recorded. The value assigned to the customer list and relationships is being amortized over a twenty year period.

Because
the Company is a single reporting unit
 the closing NASDAQ Capital Market price of our common stock as of the acquisition date
was used as a basis to measure the fair value of goodwill. Goodwill and the intangible assets will be tested annually at the end
of each fiscal year to determine whether they have been impaired. Upon completion of each annual review
 there can be no assurance
that a material charge will not be recorded. Impairment testing is required more often than annually if an event or circumstance
indicates that an impairment or decline in value may have occurred.

Year
Ended October 31
 2018 (Fiscal Year 2018) Compared to the Year Ended October 31
 2017 (Fiscal Year 2017)

Net
 Net sales totaled $90
655
294 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 an increase of $13
527
699
 or 17.5%
from $77
127
595 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. This increase includes approximately $5
512
930 of net sales from
the operations of Steep &amp; Brew
 which was acquired in April 2018 by Generations Coffee Company
 the entity formed as a result
of our joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s Coffee
 Inc. Therefore
 organic sales growth was $8
014
769 or 10.4%. The increase in
our net sales reflects our continued increased sales of branded and private label coffee and wholesale green beans to both new
and existing customers.

Cost
 Cost of sales for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 was $75
040
802
 or 82.8% of net sales
 as compared
to $64
977
632
 or 84.3% of net sales
 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. Cost of sales consists primarily of
the cost of green coffee and packaging materials and realized and unrealized gains or losses on hedging activity. The increase
in cost of sales was due to our increased sales and sales generated by the Steep &amp; Brew acquisition which results were not
included in the year ended October 31
 2017.

Gross
 Gross profit for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 was $15
614
492
 an increase of $3
464
529 from $12
149
963
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. Gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased to 17.2% for the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2018 from 15.8% for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The integration of Steep &amp; Brew accounted for approximately
$2
111
000 of the increase. We experienced improved margins on our wholesale and roasted business during the year despite the
increased freight and shipping costs.


    
    


Operating
 Total operating expenses increased by $2
286
083 to $13
213
329 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 from
$10
927
246 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. Selling and administrative expenses increased $2
303
823
 or 22.5%
to $12
532
329 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 from $10
228
506 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The primary
reasons for this increase were the acquisition of Steep &amp; Brew which accounted for $1
800
677 and the increase in our
freight costs as we increased and expanded our product distribution. Officers&rsquo; salary decreased by $17
740 or 2.5% to $681
000
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 from $698
740 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017.

Other
 Other expense for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 was $362
225
 an increase of $116
444 from
$245
781 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The increase in other expense was attributable to an increase in interest
expense of $106
444
 a decrease in interest income of $6
089 and an increase in our loss from our equity investments of $3
911
during the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018.

Income
 We had income of $2
038
938 before
income taxes and non-controlling interest in subsidiary for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 compared to income of $976
936
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017
 resulting in a net change of $1
062
002 for the year ended October 31
 2018. The increase
was primarily attributable to the reasons described above.

Income
 Our provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 totaled $511
532 compared to a provision
of $244
096 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The change was attributable to the difference in the gain for the year
ended October 31
 2018 versus fiscal year ended October 31
 2017
 also the change in the tax rate.

Net
 We had net income of $1
059
276 or $0.19 per share basic and diluted
 for the fiscal year ended October
31
 2018 compared to a net income of $467
262
 or $0.08 per share basic and diluted for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017.
The increase in net income was due primarily to the reasons described above.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of October 31
 2018
 we had working capital of $19
571
486
 which represented a $694
166 decrease from our working capital of
$20
265
652 as of October 31
 2017
 and total stockholders&rsquo; equity of $24
881
776 which decreased by $69
773 from our total
stockholders&rsquo; equity of $24
951
549 as of October 31
 2017. Our working capital decreased primarily due to decreases of
$3
527
505 in accounts receivable
 $1
039
466 in inventory
 $171
350 in prepaid green coffee
 $14
964 in prepaid expenses and
other current assets
 $89
608 in prepaid and refundable income taxes
 an increase of $402
922 in accounts payable and accrued
expenses
 $159 in income taxes payable
 partially offset by increases of $2
285
734 in cash
 decreases of $2
077
258 in our short
term borrowing and $188
816 in due to broker. As of October 31
 2018
 the outstanding balance on our line of credit was $6
260
014
compared to $8
407
527 as of October 31
 2017. Total stockholders&rsquo; equity decreased due to our net income
 partially offset
by our Share Repurchase Program.

On
April 25
 2017
 we and OPTCO (collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;) entered into an Amended and Restated
Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Agreement&rdquo;) with Sterling
 which consolidated the Company Financing
Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement.

Pursuant
to the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the terms of each of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement were amended
and restated to
 among other things: (i) provide for a new Maturity Date of February 28
 2018; (ii) consolidate the principal
amounts of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement to provide for a maximum principal amount limit of
$12
000
000 for the Borrowers
 collectively
 OPTCO is limited to a $3
000
000 maximum principal amount sublimit;
(iii) expand the borrowing base to include
 along with 85% of eligible accounts receivable
 up to the lesser of $2
000
000 as
to the Company and $1
500
000 as to OPTCO; (iv) effective March 1
 2017
 converted the interest rate on the average unpaid balance
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility from an interest rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate to an interest rate per
annum equal to the sum of the LIBOR rate plus 2.4%; (v) require the Company and OPTCO to pay
 collectively
 upon the occurrence
of certain termination events
 a prepayment premium of 1.0% (as opposed to the 0.5% under the OPTCO Financing Agreement) of the
maximum amount of the A&amp;R Loan Facility in effect as of the date of the termination event; (vi) eliminate the over advance
fee; and (vii) establish a Letter of Credit Facility (as defined in the A&amp;R Loan Agreement) with a maximum obligation amount
of $1
000
000
 and subject to other terms and conditions described therein. Also on April 25
 2017
 SONO and CFI (collectively
referred to herein as the &ldquo;Guarantors&rdquo;)
 entered into a Guaranty Agreement (the &ldquo;Guaranty Agreement&rdquo;)
in connection with the A&amp;R Loan Agreement. The Guaranty Agreement was provided as an inducement to Sterling to extend credit
to Borrowers in exchange for the Guarantors&rsquo; unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance obligations of the Borrowers
under the Loan Agreement
 as further defined in the Guaranty Agreement.

On
March 23
 2018
 we entered into a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the new agreement
among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31
 2020; (ii) increases the maximum principal amount to $14
000
000;
and (iii) decreases the interest rate per annum to LIBOR plus 2 percent.

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and A&amp;R Loan Agreement contains covenants
 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers&rsquo; operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum
deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions
(common stock and preferred stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions.

The
A&amp;R Loan Facility also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times
 and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement requires
that the Borrowers
 on a consolidated basis
 maintain a minimum working capital at all times and achieve a minimum net profit
amount as of fiscal year end during the term of the A&amp;R Loan Agreement.

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. Other
than as amended and restated by the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement
remains in full force and effect.

As
of October 31
 2018 and October 31
 2017
 the outstanding balance under the bank line of credit was $6
260
014 and $8
407
527
respectively.


    
    


For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 our operating activities provided net cash of $8
693
403 as compared to the fiscal year
ended October 31
 2017 when operating activities provided net cash of $1
476
633. The increased cash flow from operations for
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 was primarily due to our net income
 unrealized gain
 accounts receivable
 inventories
and accounts payable and accrued expenses.

For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 our investing activities used net cash of $3
060
851 as compared to the fiscal year ended
October 31
 2017 when net cash used by investing activities was $3
573
196. The decrease in our uses of cash in investing activities
was due to our decreased outlays for the acquisition of our subsidiary and the decrease in outlays for equipment during the fiscal
year ended October 31
 2018.

For
the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018
 our financing activities used net cash of $3
346
818 compared to net cash provided by
financing activities of $1
194
232 for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The change in cash flow from financing activities
for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018 was due to our increased purchases of treasury stock and our increased principal reductions
on our line of credit.

We
expect to fund our operations
 including paying our liabilities
 funding capital expenditures and making required payments on
our indebtedness
 through October 31
 2019 with cash provided by operating activities we should realize an increased cash flow
from operations due to the inclusion of Steep &amp; Brew for an entire year and the use of our credit facility. In addition
 an
increase in eligible accounts receivable and inventory would permit us to make additional borrowings under our line of credit.

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.


    
    




ITEM
    7A.
QUANTITATIVE
    AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK


Market
risks relating to our operations result primarily from changes in interest rates and commodity prices as further described below.

Interest
 We are subject to market risk from exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. As of October 31
 2018
 our
debt consisted of $6
260
014 of variable rate debt under our revolving line of credit. Our line of credit provides for a maximum
of $14
000
000 and is payable monthly in arrears on the average unpaid balance of the line of credit at an interest rate equal
to a per annum reference rate (currently 3.9%). This loan is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company.

Commodity
 The supply and price of coffee beans are subject to volatility and are influenced by numerous factors which
are beyond our control. Historically
 we have used
 and intend to continue to use in a limited capacity
 short-term coffee futures
and options contracts primarily for the purpose of partially hedging the effects of changing green coffee prices
 as further explained
in Note 2 of the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Report. In addition
 we acquired
 and expect
to continue to acquire
 futures contracts with longer terms
 generally three to four months
 primarily for the purpose of guaranteeing
an adequate supply of green coffee. Realized and unrealized gains or losses on options and futures contracts are reflected in
our cost of sales. Gains on options and futures contracts reduce our cost of sales and losses on options and futures contracts
increase our cost of sales. The use of these derivative financial instruments has generally enabled us to mitigate the effect
of changing prices. We believe that
 in normal economic times
 our hedging policies remain a vital element to our business model
not only in controlling our cost of sales
 but also giving us the flexibility to obtain the inventory necessary to continue to
grow our sales while trying to minimize margin compression during a time of historically high coffee prices. However
 no strategy
can entirely eliminate pricing risks and we generally remain exposed to losses on futures contracts when prices decline significantly
in a short period of time
 and we would generally remain exposed to supply risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties
to any of our futures contracts. Although we have had net gains on options and futures contracts in the past
 we have incurred
significant losses on options and futures contracts during some reporting periods. In these cases
 our cost of sales has increased
resulting in a decrease in our profitability or increase our losses. Such losses have and could in the future materially increase
our cost of sales and materially decrease our profitability and adversely affect our stock price. See &ldquo;Item 1A &ndash; Risk
Factors - If our hedging policy is not effective
 we may not be able to control our coffee costs
 we may be forced to pay greater
than market value for green coffee and our profitability may be reduced.&rdquo; Failure to properly design and implement an effective
hedging strategy may materially adversely affect our business and operating results. If the hedges that we enter do not adequately
offset the risks of coffee bean price volatility or our hedges result in losses
 our cost of sales may increase
 resulting in
a decrease in profitability or increased losses. As previously announced
 as a result of the volatile nature of the commodities
markets
 we have and are continuing to scale back our use of hedging and short-term trading of coffee futures and options contracts
and intend to continue to use these practices in a limited capacity going forward. See &ldquo;Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk&mdash;Commodity Price Risks.&rdquo;

As
of October 31
 2018
 we held 22 futures contracts for the purchase of 825
000 pounds of green coffee at a weighted average price
of $1.11 per pound compared to 145 futures contracts for the purchase of 5
437
500 pounds of green coffee at a weighted average
price of $1.31 per pound for the fiscal year ended October 31
 2017. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts
was $1.13 and $1.25 per pound
 respectively. As of October 31
 2018
 we held 65 options covering an aggregate of 2
437
500 pounds
of green coffee beans from $1.125 to $1.15 per pound as compared to October 31
 2017 when the Company did not hold any options.
The fair market value of these options was $52
594 at October 31
 2018.



ITEM
    8.
FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA


See
pages F-1 through F-21 following the Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.



ITEM
    9.
CHANGES
    IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE





    
    




ITEM
    9A.
CONTROLS
    AND PROCEDURES


Evaluation
 Management
 which includes our President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer
 has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)) as of the end of the period covered by this
report. Based upon that evaluation
 our President
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the disclosure
controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file and submit
under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated
as is appropriate
 to our management
 including its principal executive officer and financial officer to allow timely decisions
regarding disclosure.

Management
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining
adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control system is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance
to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements.

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in
reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
 provide reasonable assurances that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP
 and that receipts and expenditures
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and the directors
 and provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect
on our financial statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of October 31
 2018. In making this
assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in
Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based on our assessment our management believes that
 as of October 31
 2018
 our internal
control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria.

There
have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation that occurred
during our last fiscal quarter that has materially affected
 or that is reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control
over financial reporting.

Attestation
Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant
to section 989G of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that permits us to provide only management&rsquo;s
report in this annual report.



ITEM
    9B.
OTHER
    INFORMATION





    
    


PART
III



ITEM
    10.
DIRECTORS
    EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    11.
EXECUTIVE
    COMPENSATION


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    12.
SECURITY
    OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    13.
CERTAIN
    RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS
 AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.



ITEM
    14.
PRINCIPAL
    ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES


Information
required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders.


    
    


PART
IV



ITEM
    15.
EXHIBITS
    FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES




    
List
    of Documents filed as part of this Report




    
Financial
    Statements


The
financial statements and related notes
 together with the report of Marcum LLP appear at pages F-1 through F-24 following the
Exhibit List as required by Part II
 Item 8 &ldquo;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&rdquo; of this Form 10-K.



    
Financial
    Statement Schedules






    
List
    of Exhibits




    
    


The
Company has filed with this report or incorporated by reference herein certain exhibits as specified below pursuant to Rule 12b-32
under the Exchange Act. See Exhibit Index following the signature page to this report for a complete list of documents filed with
this report.



Exhibit
    No.
    
    

    
    
Agreement and Plan of Merger
 dated October 31
 1997
 by and among Transpacific International Group Corp. and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on November 10
 1997 (File No. 333-00588-NY)).

    
    
    

    
    
Asset Purchase Agreement
 dated February 4
 2004
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Premier Roasters LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 20
 2004 (File No. 333-00588-NY)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form 8-A the &ldquo;2005 Registration Statement&rdquo; filed on May 2
 2005 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Form of Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed on June 24
 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan and Security Agreement
 dated February 17
 2009
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 23
 2009 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
 dated February 4
 2004
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and the City of La Junta
 Colorado (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Amendment No. 1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2/A filed on August 12
 2004 (Registration No. 333-116838)).

    
    
    

    
    
Trademark License Agreement
 dated February 4
 2004
 between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB/A for the quarter ended April 30
 2004 filed on August 26
 2004 (File No. 333-00588-NY)) as amended by that First Amendment to Trademark License Agreement
 dated January 4
 2013.



    
    




    
    
First Amendment to Trademark License Agreement
 dated January 4
 2013
 by and between Del Monte Corporation and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Certain portions of Exhibit 10.4 are omitted based upon approval of the Company&rsquo;s request for confidential treatment through January 28
 2023. The omitted portions were filed separately with the SEC on a confidential basis (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
 2012 filed on January 28
 2013 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated April 11
 2008
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Andrew Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16
 2008 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
 dated April 11
 2008
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and David Gordon (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 of the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 16
 2008 (File No. 001-32491)). 

    
    
    

    
    
Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of the Company&rsquo;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB filed on June 14
 2005 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Contract of Sale
 dated April 14
 2009
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and 4401 1st Ave LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 28
 2010 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
First Amendment to Loan and Security Agreement between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and Sterling National Bank
 dated July 23
 2010 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 103 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 31
 2011 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Placement Agency Agreement
 dated as of September 27
 2011
 by and among the Company
 the selling stockholders named therein
 Roth Capital Partners
 LLC and Maxim Group
 LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27
 2011 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Subscription Agreement
 dated as of September 27
 2011
 by and between the Company
 the selling stockholders named therein and each of the purchasers identified on the signature pages thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 27
 2011 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
2013 Equity Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex A of the Company&rsquo;s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on February 28
 2013 (File No. 13653320)).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan Modification Agreement
 dated as of May 10
 2013
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Company&rsquo;s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on January 24
 2014 (File No. 001-32491)).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan Modification Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Loan Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Organic Products Trading Company LLC (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Security Agreement
 dated March 10
 2015
 by and between Sterling National Bank and Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).



    
    




    
    
Guarantee
 dated March 10
 2015
 by Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 31
 2015).

    
    
    

    
    
Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement
 dated April 25
 2017
 by and among Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28
 2017).

    
    
    

    
    
Guaranty Agreement
 dated April 25
 2017
 made by each of Sonofresco and Comfort Foods in favor of Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 28
 2017).

    
    
    

    
    
Lease
 dated December 6
 2000
 by and between Comfort Foods
 Inc. and One Clark Street North Andover LLC.*

    
    
    

    
    
Second Amendment to Lease
 dated March 23
 2017
 by and between Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. and 25 COMM NAM
 LLC.*
        

    
    
    

    
    
Loan Modification Agreement and Waiver
 dated March 23
 2018
 by and by and among Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc.
 Organic Products Trading Company LLC and Sterling National Bank (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 27
 2018).

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document.

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document.


*
Filed herewith
**Furnished
herewith


    
    




In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized on January 29
 2019.



    
COFFEE
    HOLDING CO.
 INC.

    
    
    

    
By:
    
/s/
    Andrew Gordon

    
    
Andrew
    Gordon

    
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer


In
accordance with the Exchange Act
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/Andrew
    Gordon
    
President
    Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director
    
January
    29
 2019

Andrew
    Gordon
    
(principal
    executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer)
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    David Gordon
    
Executive
    Vice President &ndash; Operations
 Secretary and Director
    
January
    29
 2019

David
    Gordon
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Gerard DeCapua
    
    
    
January
    29
 2019

Gerard
    DeCapua
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
January
    29
 2019

Daniel
    Dwyer
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Barry Knepper
    
    
    
January
    29
 2019

Barry
    Knepper
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    John Rotelli
    
    
    
January
    29
 2019

John
    Rotelli
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    George Thomas
    
    
    
January
    29
 2019

George
    Thomas
    
    
    
    



    
    





COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS AS OF OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017
    
    

    
    
    

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS - YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017 
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Stockholders and Board of Directors of
Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
 of Coffee Holding Co.
 (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
as of October 31
 2018 and 2017
 the related consolidated statements of income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity and cash flows for
each of the two years in the period ended October 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the &ldquo;financial
statements&rdquo;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of the Company as of October 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years
in the period ended October 31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis
for Opinion


These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (&ldquo;PCAOB&rdquo;) and are required to be independent with respect to the
Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission and the PCAOB.

We


 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
 we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
 included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether
due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 also included evaluating the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audit

/s/
Marcum 

Marcum


We
have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2013

New
York
 NY
January
28
 2019


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
611
384
2
325
650


 net of allowances of $144
000 for 2018 and 2017
9
914
297
13
441
802

    
15
271
106
16
310
572

    
    
171
350

    
578
861
593
825

    
383
206
472
814

    
30
758
854
33
316
013

    
    
    


 at cost
 net of accumulated depreciation of $6
251
828 and $5
557
899 for 2018 and 2017
 respectively
2
350
208
2
439
338


 net of accumulated amortization of $108
875 and $72
250 for 2018 and 2017
 respectively
576
125
367
750

    
1
488
000
820
000

    
331
124
331
124


 net of accumulated amortization of $9
900 and $0 for 2018 and 2017
 respectively
89
100
    

    
2
157
661
1
794
265

    
89
776
94
643

    
440
325
339
748

    
552
904
497
529

    
38
834
077
40
000
410

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
833
548
4
430
626

    
6
260
014
8
407
527

    
22
046
210
862

    
70
255
    

    
1
505
1
346

    
11
187
368
13
050
361

    
    
    

    
882
022
629
680

    
242
143
240
379

    
532
726
488
529

    
12
844
259
14
408
949

    
    
    

    
    
    


 Inc. stockholders&rsquo; equity:
    
    


 par value $.001 per share; 10
000
000 shares authorized; none issued
    
    


 par value $.001 per share; 30
000
000 shares authorized
 6
494
680 shares issued; 5
569
349 and 5
805
935 shares outstanding for 2018 and 2017
6
494
6
494

    
16
104
075
16
104
075

    
13
404
767
12
345
490


 925
331 and 688
745 common shares
 at cost for 2018 and 2017
(4
633
560
(3
504
510


 Inc. Stockholders&rsquo; Equity
24
881
776
24
951
549

    
1
108
042
639
912

    
25
989
818
25
591
461

    
38
834
077
40
000
410


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017



    
    
    

    
90
655
294
77
127
595

    
    
    

 (which include purchases of approximately $9.1 million
    and $6.7 million in fiscal years 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 from a related party)
75
040
802
64
977
632

    
    
    

    
15
614
492
12
149
963

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
12
532
329
10
228
506

    
681
000
698
740

    
13
213
329
10
927
246

    
    
    

    
2
401
163
1
222
717

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
13
347
19
436

    
(4
867
    

    
(370
705
(264
261

    
(362
225
(245
781

    
    
    


    SUBSIDIARY
2
038
938
976
936

    
    
    

    
511
532
244
096

    
    
    

    
1
527
406
732
840

    
(468
130
(265
578

    
    
    


 INC.
1
059
276
467
262

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
691
057
5
858
376


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 October 31
 2016
38
364
200
004
5
824
938
6
456
631
378
(3
249
590
15
904
109
11
878
228
374
334
24
913
537

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(57
367
    
57
367
(254
920
    
    
    
(254
920

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
467
262
    
467
262

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(38
364
(200
004
38
364
    
    
    
199
966
    
    
200
004

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
265
578
265
578

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 October 31
 2017
    
    
5
805
935
6
494
688
745
(3
504
510
16
104
075
12
345
490
639
912
25
591
461

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(236
586
    
236
586
(1
129
050
    
    
    
(1
129
050

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
059
277
    
1
059
277

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
468
130
468
130

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 October 31
 2018
    
    
5
569
349
6
494
925
331
(4
633
560
16
104
075
13
404
767
1
108
042
25
989
818


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
527
406
732
840

    
    
    

    
740
454
762
043

    
(188
816
345
584

    
4
867
    

    
1
764
9
163

    
151
765
(183
975

    
    
    

    
3
613
947
661
008

    
2
155
487
(917
376

    
43
877
(25
688

    
171
350
264
227

    
89
608
9
163

    
392
713
(258
827

    
(11
178
77
220

    
    
    

    
8
693
403
1
476
633

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
677
335
(2
893
275

    
(383
516
(679
921

    
(3
060
851
(3
573
196

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
810
400
6
314
152

    
(1
129
050
(254
920

    
(6
028
168
(4
865
000

    
(3
346
818
1
194
232

    
    
    

    
2
285
734
(902
331

    
    
    


 BEGINNING OF YEAR
2
325
650
3
227
981

    
    
    


 END OF YEAR
4
611
384
2
325
650


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
YEARS
ENDED OCTOBER 31
 2018 AND 2017



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
372
228
261
485

    
270
000
391
933

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2018 Generations Coffee Company acquired the assets of Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc.:
    
    

    
    
    

    
86
442
    

    
1
116
021
    

    
221
283
    

    
28
913
    

    
99
000
    

    
245
000
    

    
668
000
    

    
363
396
    

    
    
    

    
140
510
    

    
10
210
    

    
    
    

    
2
677
335
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2017 Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. acquired the assets of Comfort Foods
 Inc.:
    
    

    
    
    

    
584
918
    

    
1
116
906
    

    
229
597
    

    
32
681
    

    
170
000
    

    
971
124
    

    
388
378
    

    
26
551
    

    
    
    

    
626
880
    

    
    
    

    
2
893
275
    


See
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITIES:

Coffee
Holding Co.
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) conducts wholesale coffee operations
 including manufacturing
 roasting
 packaging
marketing and distributing roasted and blended coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands
 and it sells green coffee.
The Company&rsquo;s core product
 coffee
 can be summarized and divided into three product categories (&ldquo;product lines&rdquo;)
as follows:

Wholesale
 unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop
operators;

Private
 coffee roasted
 blended
 packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others
 including supermarkets
that want to have their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and

Branded
 coffee roasted and blended to the Company&rsquo;s own specifications and packaged and sold under the Company&rsquo;s
eight proprietary and licensed brand names in different segments of the market.

The
Company&rsquo;s private label and branded coffee sales are primarily to customers that are located throughout the United States
with limited sales in Canada and certain countries in Asia. Such customers include supermarkets
 wholesalers
 and individually-owned
and multi-unit retailers. The Company&rsquo;s unprocessed green coffee
 which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings
 is
sold primarily to specialty gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia
Canada
 England and China.

The
Company&rsquo;s wholesale green
 private label
 and branded coffee product categories generate revenues and cost of sales individually
but incur selling
 general and administrative expenses in the aggregate. There are no individual product managers and discrete
financial information is not available for any of the product lines. The Company&rsquo;s product portfolio is used in one business
and it operates and competes in one business activity and economic environment. In addition
 the three product lines share customers
manufacturing resources
 sales channels
 and marketing support. Thus
 the Company considers the three product lines to be one
single reporting segment.

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES:

BASIS
OF PRESENTATION:

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company
 Organic Products Trading Company
 LLC (&ldquo;OPTCO&rdquo;)
Sonofresco LLC (&ldquo;SONO&rdquo;)
 Comfort Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;) and Generations Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;).
All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

USE
OF ESTIMATES:

The
preparation of the Company&rsquo;s financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America (GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures.
Significant estimates include allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and reserves
 inventory obsolescence
 depreciation
intangible asset valuations and useful lives
 taxes
 contingencies
 and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may
be adjusted as more current information becomes available
 and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts.



Cash
consists primarily of unrestricted cash on deposit at financial institutions and brokerage firms.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

PREPAID
GREEN COFFEE:

Prepaid
coffee is an item that emanates from OPTCO. The balance represents advance payments made by OPTCO to several coffee growing cooperatives
for the purchase of green coffee. Interest is charged to the cooperatives for these advances. Interest earned was $6
868 and $19
430
for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The prepaid coffee balance was $0 and $171
350 as of October 31
2018 and 2017
 respectively.

ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE:

Trade
accounts receivable are stated at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts
for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following
factors when determining the collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness
 past transaction history
with the customer
 current economic industry trends
 and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and
other higher risk amounts are reviewed individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&rsquo;s customers
were to deteriorate
 adversely affecting their ability to make payments
 additional allowances would be required. Based on management&rsquo;s
assessment
 the Company provides for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation
allowance. Balances that remain outstanding after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a
charge to the valuation allowance and a credit to accounts receivable.

The
reserve for sales discounts represents the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances
represents the estimated amount of returns
 slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from
its customers. The allowances are summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
65
000
65
000

    
35
000
35
000

    
44
000
44
000

    
    
    

    
144
000
144
000




Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost (First in
 first out basis) or net realizable value
 including provisions for obsolescence commensurate
with known or estimated exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31
 2018 and 2017.

MACHINERY
AND EQUIPMENT:

Machinery
and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets.
Purchases of machinery and equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset are
capitalized at cost. Expenditures which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations
as incurred. The Company also provides for amortization of leasehold improvements.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

COMMODITIES
HELD BY BROKER: 

The
commodities held at broker represent the market value of the Company&rsquo;s trading account
 which consists of option and future
contracts for coffee held with a brokerage firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts
 which are not designated or qualifying
as hedging instruments
 to partially hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures
contracts are recognized at fair value in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on
such positions. The Company&rsquo;s accounting for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular
period.

The
Company has open position contracts held by the broker
 which are summarized as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(39
926
166
945

    
17
880
(377
807

    
    
    

    
(22
046
(210
862


The
Company classifies its options and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly
 unrealized holding gains and losses
are included in earnings.

At
October 31
 2018
 the Company held 22 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 825
000
pounds of green coffee at a weighted average price of $1.11 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts
was $1.13 per pound at that date. At October 31
 2018
 the Company held 65 option covering an aggregate of 2
437
500 pounds of
green coffee beans from $1.125 to $1.15 per pound. The fair market value of these options
 which was obtained from observable
market data of similar instruments was $52
594.

At
October 31
 2017
 the Company held 145 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 5
437
500
pounds of green coffee at a weighted average price of $1.31 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts
was $1.25 per pound at that date. At October 31
 2017
 the Company did not have any options.

Included
in cost of sales for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses
respectively
 on these contracts as follows:



    



    
    
    

    
999
540
1
655
269

    
(2
007
691
(1
636
487

    
188
816
(345
584

    
(819
335
(326
802



    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

GOODWILL
AND TRADEMARKS:

The
Company has determined that its goodwill and trademarks
 which consist of product lines
 trade names and packaging designs have
an indefinite useful life. The value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill
and trademarks are not amortized but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least
annually or upon the occurrence of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&rsquo;s carrying amount of
goodwill and trademarks is greater than its fair value. As of October 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company has determined by using a
qualitative assessment that an impairment did not exist. In 2011
 the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standard ASB ASU 2011-08
Intangibles &ndash; Goodwill and Other &ndash; Testing Goodwill for Impairment
 which allows an entity to first assess qualitative
factors to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under this amendment
an entity would not be required to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines
 based on a qualitative
assessment
 that it is more likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The amendment includes a number
of events and circumstances for an entity to consider in conducting the qualitative assessment.

CUSTOMER
LIST AND RELATIONSHIPS:

Customer
list and relationships consist of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition
of OPTCO
 Comfort Foods
 Sonofresco and Steep &amp; Brew which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their
estimated useful life of twenty years.



The
Company expenses the cost of advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $366
665 and
$243
658 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

INCOME
TAXES:

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities
to be computed for temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result
in taxable or deductible amounts in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences
are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the
amount expected to be realized. The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change
during the period in deferred tax assets and liabilities.

EARNINGS
PER SHARE:

Basic
earnings per common share were computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
Diluted earnings per common share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
plus the dilutive effect of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution.

The
weighted average common shares outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were 5
691
057 and
5
858
376 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:

The
carrying amounts of cash
 accounts receivable
 notes receivable
 accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value
because of the short-term nature of these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates
fair value because the debt is based on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities.
Fair value estimates are made at a specific point in time
 based on relevant market information about the financial instruments
when available. These estimates are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore
cannot be determined with precision. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.

REVENUE
RECOGNITION:

The
Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the authoritative guidance. Revenue is recognized at the point title and risk of
ownership transfers to its customers upon the Company&rsquo;s shippers taking possession of the goods at the time of shipment
because i) title passes in accordance with the terms of the Company&rsquo;s purchase orders and with its agreements with its customers
ii) any risk of loss is covered by the Company&rsquo;s customers&rsquo; insurance
 iii) there is persuasive evidence of a sales
arrangement
 iv) the sales price is determinable and v) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Thus
 revenue
is recognized at the point of shipment to its customers.

Returns:
The Company does not accept returns for damaged goods on packaged coffee and usable green coffee
 as the customer takes possession
of our product at the point of shipment. In the event a customer claims receipt of damaged goods
 the Company
 acting as an agent
on behalf of the customer
 may file a claim for reimbursement with the shipper. The Company is not obligated or required to act
as an agent on behalf of its customers
 but may make the business decision to do so as a convenience to its customers. The shipper
keeps the damaged product. The Company will then ship a completely new order to the customer once a claim has been filed and the
Company receives reimbursement or credit from the shipper for the initial shipment. The Company does evaluate the need
 if any
of an accrual for returns for damaged goods. To date
 returns for damaged goods have been immaterial. The Company estimates that
based on historical trends
 that future returns for damaged goods should also be immaterial.

In
the event that the Company ships an incorrect order or has returns for short dated product
 the Company will accept those two
types of items back as returns. The amount for these two types of returns are estimated
 accrued and recognized at the date of
sale. These amounts are included in the determination of net sales.

Slotting
fees: Certain retailers require the payment of slotting fees in order to obtain space for the Company&rsquo;s products on the
retailer&rsquo;s store shelves. The cost of these fees are estimated
 accrued and recognized at the earlier of the date cash is
paid or a liability to the retailer is created. The amounts are included in the determination of net sales.

Sales
discounts: The amount of sales discounts are estimated
 accrued and recognized at the date of the sale. These amounts are included
in the determination of net sales.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):

REVENUE
RECOGNITION (cont&rsquo;d):

Volume-based
incentives: These incentives typically involve rebates or refunds of a specific amount of cash consideration that are redeemable
only if the reseller completes a specified cumulative level of sales transactions. Under incentive programs of this nature
 the
Company estimates and accrues the cost of the rebate when it is taken by the reseller. These amounts are included in the determination
of net sales.

Cooperative
advertising: Under these arrangements
 the Company will agree to reimburse the reseller for a portion of the costs incurred by
the reseller to advertise and promote certain of the Company&rsquo;s products. The Company estimates
 accrues and recognizes the
cost of cooperative advertising programs in the period in which the advertising and promotional activity first takes place. The
costs of these incentives are included in advertising expense.

SHIPPING
AND HANDLING FEES AND COSTS:

Revenue
earned from shipping and handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating
approximately $3
144
000 and $2
412
000 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 is included in selling and
administrative expenses.

CONCENTRATION
OF RISK:

Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial
institutions and brokerage firms.

Accounts
at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31
 2018
and 2017
 the Company had approximately $2
800
000 and $176
000 in excess of FDIC insured limits
 respectively.

The
accounts at the brokerage firm contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500
000
 with a limit of $100
000 for
cash
 by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company had approximately $355
000
and $1
122
000 in excess of SIPC insured limits
 respectively.

See
Note 10 for concentration of risks with respect to trade receivables and purchases from accounts payable vendors.

OPERATING
LEASES:

The
Company has operating lease agreements for its corporate office and warehouses
 some of which contain provisions for future rent
increases or periods in which rent payments are abated. Operating leases which provide for lease payments that vary materially
from the straight-line basis are adjusted for financial accounting purposes to reflect rental income or expense on the straight-line
basis in accordance with the authoritative guidance issued by the FASB. The excess of straight-line rent over actual payments
by the Company of $242
143 and $240
379 is presented as deferred rent payable as of October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont&rsquo;d):



Certain
amounts in the prior year financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassification
adjustments had no effect on the Company&rsquo;s previously reported net income.

EQUITY
METHOD OF ACCOUNTING:

Investee
companies that are not consolidated
 but over which the Company exercises significant influence
 are accounted for under the equity
method of accounting. Whether or not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation
of several factors including
 among others
 representation on the Investee company&rsquo;s board of directors and ownership level
which is generally a 20% to 50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting
an Investee company&rsquo;s accounts are not reflected within the Company&rsquo;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated
Statements of Income; however
 the Company&rsquo;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the
caption &ldquo;Loss from equity method investments&rdquo; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&rsquo;s carrying
value in an equity method Investee company is reflected in the caption &ldquo;Equity method investments&rdquo; in the Company&rsquo;s
Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The
Company&rsquo;s investment in a company that is accounted for on the equity method of accounting consist of the following: (1)
20% interest in Healthwise Gourmet Coffees
 LLC
 a distributor of low acidity coffees. The investments in this company amounted
to $100
000. The loss recognized amounted to $4
867 and $956 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The
net value of this investment as presented on our consolidated balance sheet at October 31
 2018 and 2017 was $89
776 and $94
643
respectively.

NOTE
3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AFFECTING THE COMPANY: 

The
FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-01 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise
from operating leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the
lease liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with
a term of 12 months or less
 a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize
lease assets and lease liabilities. In transition
 lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning
of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Public business entities should apply the amendments
in ASU 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2018
 including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e.
January 1
 2019
 for a calendar year entity). Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2019 (i.e.
 January 1
 2020
 for a calendar year entity)
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2020. Early application is permitted for all public business entities and all nonpublic business entities upon
issuance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.

In
May 2014 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 
 which is a new standard related to revenue
recognition. Under the new standard
 recognition of revenue occurs when a customer obtains control of promised services or goods
in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In
addition
 the standard requires disclosure of the nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from
customer contracts. The standard must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period
of adoption or a modified retrospective approach. In July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-14

- Deferral of the Effective Date
 which defers the implementation of this new standard to be effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2017. Early adoption is permitted effective January 1
 2017. In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-08

versus Agent Considerations
 which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new
revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. In April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-10

and Licensing
 and in May 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-12


amend certain aspects of the new revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt the new standard
on November 1
 2018 and currently plans to use the modified retrospective method. The majority of the Company&rsquo;s business
is ship and bill and
 on that primary revenue stream
 the Company does not expect significant differences. The Company has completed
its assessment of multiple arrangements and certain discount and trade promotion programs and does not expect any material adjustments.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AFFECTING THE COMPANY (cont&rsquo;d):

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260)
 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480)
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features
 II. Replacement
of the Indefinite Deferral for Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily
Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests with a Scope Exception&rdquo; which addresses narrow issues identified as a result of the
complexity associated with applying generally accepted accounting principles for certain financial instruments with characteristics
of liabilities and equity. Part I of this Update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments with
down round features. Current accounting guidance creates cost and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such
as warrants and convertible instruments) with down round features that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument
or conversion option. Part II of this Update addresses the difficulty of navigating Topic 480
 Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity
 because of the existence of extensive pending content in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content
is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain
nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling interests. The amendments in Part I of this Update change
the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features) with down round features. When
determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity instruments
 a down round feature
no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&rsquo;s own stock. The
amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments. The amendments in Part II of this
Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are presented as pending content in
the Codification
 to a scope exception. These amendments in Part I of this update are effective for annual and interim periods
beginning after December 15
 2018
 early adoption is permitted
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts
the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes
that interim period. The amendments in Part I of this Update should be applied in either of the following ways: (1) Retrospectively
to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of
financial position as of the beginning of the first fiscal year and interim period(s) in which the pending content that links
to this paragraph is effective. (2) Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature for each prior
reporting period presented in accordance with the guidance on accounting changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5 through 45-10. The
amendments in Part II of this Update do not require any transition guidance because those amendments do not have an accounting
effect.

The
FASB has issued ASU No. 2015-17
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes
 which changes how deferred
taxes are classified on organizations&rsquo; balance sheets. The ASU eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present
deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead
 organizations will be required
to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified
balance sheet. For public companies
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning
after December 15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods. For private companies
 not - for - profit organizations
and employee benefit plans
 the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December
15
 2017
 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018. The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 during
the quarter ended January 31
 2018
 which did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS AFFECTING THE COMPANY (cont&rsquo;d):

In
July 2015
 the FASB issued ASU 2015-11
 &ldquo;Inventory (Topic 330): Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory
&rdquo; which applies
to inventory that is measured using first-in
 first-out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;) or average cost. Under the updated guidance
 an entity
should measure inventory that is within scope at the lower of cost and net realizable value
 which is the estimated selling prices
in the ordinary course of business
 less reasonably predictable costs of completion
 disposal and transportation. Subsequent measurement
is unchanged for inventory that is measured using last-in
 last-out (&ldquo;LIFO&rdquo;). This ASU is effective for annual and
interim periods beginning after December 15
 2016
 and should be applied prospectively with early adoption permitted at the beginning
of an interim or annual reporting period. The Company adopted ASU 2015-11 during the fiscal year ended October 31
 2018

 which
did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements

NOTE
4 - INVENTORIES:

Inventories
at October 31
 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
3
286
450
2
242
714

    
9
858
495
12
317
394

    
270
188
286
515

    
1
855
973
1
463
949

    
15
271
106
16
310
572


NOTE
5 &ndash; BUSINESS ACQUISITION:

Pursuant
to the terms of an Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 24
 2018 (the &ldquo;Generations Agreement&rdquo;)
 by and among Generations
Coffee Company
 LLC (&ldquo;GCC&rdquo;)
 the entity formed as a result of the Company&rsquo;s joint venture with Caruso&rsquo;s
Coffee
 Inc.
 Steep &amp; Brew
 Inc. (&ldquo;the Seller&rdquo;) a Wisconsin corporation and the stockholder of the Seller. GCC
purchased substantially all the assets
 including equipment
 inventory
 customer list and relationships (the &ldquo;Assets&rdquo;)
of the Seller. This was accounted for as a business combination. GCC purchased the Assets for a purchase price consisting of $2
677
335
in cash and a Seller held promissory note for $140
510 plus assumed liabilities of $10
210. The Seller held promissory note calls
for two payments of $75
000 each of principle and interest. The first payment of principal only is due October 24
 2018 and the
final payment is due April 24
 2019.

As
part of the transaction
 all of the employees of the Seller will be leased to GCC for a transitional period ending July 31
 2018
(or earlier date as may be agreed in writing between GCC and the Seller). In addition
 on April 24
 2018
 GCC entered into a three
month advisory agreement (the &ldquo;Advisory Agreement&rdquo;)
 with one of the Seller&rsquo;s executives (the &ldquo;Executive&rdquo;)
on an independent contractor basis
 to ensure continuity of the business and to continue to operate the business located in Wisconsin.
After completion of the first three month term
 the Advisory Agreement will automatically expire
 subject to renewal by mutual
agreement of the parties. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement
 the Executive is entitled to cash compensation of $7
000
per month
 as well as reimbursement by GCC of the Executive of up to $815 per month for health insurance benefits for the Executive
paid by the seller.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
5 &ndash; BUSINESS ACQUISITION (cont&rsquo;d):

The
Company has not yet completed its full analysis of the fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the
allocation of any excess acquisition cost over the fair value of the net tangible net assets acquired to any separately identifiable
intangible assets. Pursuant to ASC No. 805-10-25
 if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end
of the reporting period in which the combination occurs
 but during the allowed measurement period (which is not to exceed one
year from the acquisition date)
 the Company retrospectively adjusts the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date
by means of adjusting the amount recognized for goodwill.

The
following table summarizes the amounts of assets purchased:



    
    

    
86
442

    
1
116
021

    
221
283

    
28
913

    
99
000

    
245
000

    
668
000

    
363
396

    
2
828
055

    
    

    
2
677
335

    
10
210

    
140
510

    
2
828
055


Pro
Forma Results of Operations (unaudited)

The
following pro forma results of operations for the twelve months ended October 31
 2018 and 2017 have been prepared as though the
business acquisition had occurred as of October 31
 2017. This pro forma financial information is not indicative of the results
of operations that the Company would have attained had the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the periods presented
 nor
is the pro forma financial information indicative of the results of operations that may occur in the future:



    
 October 31


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
95
900
631
88
923
392

    
940
437
523
577

    
    
    


The
operations have been included in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statement of operations since the date of the acquisition on
April 24
 2018. The total revenue included for the year ended October 31
 2018 is $5
512
930 the net income included is $186
600.


    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
6 - PURCHASE OF BUSINESS:

Pursuant
to the terms of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated February 23
 2017
 by and among the Company
 Comfort Foods
 Inc.
 a Massachusetts
corporation (&ldquo;CFI&rdquo;)
 Stephen J. Beattie (the &ldquo;Trustee&rdquo;)
 as trustee of the Stephen J. Beattie Revocable
Trust of 2013 (the &ldquo;Trust&rdquo;) and Victor Janovich (together
 with the Trustee on behalf of the Trust
 the &ldquo;Sellers&rdquo;)
the Company
 acquired all of the outstanding capital stock of CFI. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination
and was not a significant acquisition for the Company. The purpose of the transaction was to expand the Company&rsquo;s presence
in the northeast. The Company purchased the shares of capital stock for a purchase price of $2
300
000 in cash
 subject to the
holdback of $25
000 for a six month period following the consummation of the transaction to secure the Sellers&rsquo; indemnification
obligations. In addition
 immediately following consummation of the transaction
 the Company also paid all of the existing bank
debt of CFI
 totaling approximately $605
173.

As
part of the transaction
 the employees of CFI remained employees of CFI
 with the exception of Stephen Beattie
 CFI&rsquo;s then
Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Beattie entered into an advisory agreement (the &ldquo;Advisory Agreement&rdquo;) with CFI
 dated
as of February 23
 2017
 pursuant to which Mr. Beattie agreed to provide services to CFI on an independent contractor basis
 to
ensure continuity of the business and its operations in Massachusetts. The initial term of the Advisory Agreement commenced on
April 1
 2017 and was set to expire on December 31
 2017
 unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Advisory Agreement. On September 6
 2017
 the Company terminated the Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory
Agreement
 Mr. Beattie was paid $5
000 per month.

The
following table summarizes the assets purchased and liabilities assumed:



    
    

    
584
918

    
1
116
906

    
32
681

    
229
597

    
170
000

    
640
000

    
331
124

    
388
378

    
26
551

    
(626
880

    
2
893
275

    
    

    
2
893
275


The
operations of CFI have been included in the Company&rsquo;s consolidated statement of operations since the date of the acquisition
on February 23
 2017. Goodwill generated from the acquisition is not deductible for tax purposes. Proforma information is not
required due to immateriality of the amounts. Amortization expense to be charged to operations will be $17
000 per year.

NOTE
7 - MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT:

Machinery
and equipment at October 31
 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:



    
    
    
    

    
    
210
085
202
285

    
    
7
363
497
6
809
944

    
    
1
028
454
985
008

    
    
8
602
036
7
997
237


 accumulated depreciation
    
6
251
828
5
557
899

    
    
2
350
208
2
439
338


Depreciation
expense totaled $693
929 and $740
043 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
8 - LINE OF CREDIT:

On
April 25
 2017 the Company and OPTCO (together with the Company
 collectively referred to herein as the &ldquo;Borrowers&rdquo;)
entered into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Agreement&rdquo;) and Amended and Restated
Loan Facility (the &ldquo;A&amp;R Loan Facility&rdquo;) with Sterling National Bank (&ldquo;Sterling&rdquo;)
 which consolidated
(i) the financing agreement between the Company and Sterling
 dated February 17
 2009
 as modified
 (the &ldquo;Company Financing
Agreement&rdquo;) and (ii) the financing agreement between Company
 as guarantor
 OPTCO and Sterling
 dated March 10
 2015 (the
&ldquo;OPTCO Financing Agreement&rdquo;)
 amongst other things.

Pursuant
to the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the terms of each of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement were amended
and restated to
 among other things: (i) provide for a new Maturity Date of February 28
 2018; (ii) consolidate the principal
amounts of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement to provide for a maximum principal amount limit of
$12
000
000 for the Borrowers
 collectively
 OPTCO is limited to a $3
000
000 maximum principal amount sublimit;
(iii) expand the borrowing base to include
 along with 85% of eligible accounts receivable
 up to the lesser of $2
000
000 as
to the Company and $1
500
000 as to OPTCO; (iv) effective March 1
 2017
 converted the interest rate on the average unpaid balance
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility from an interest rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate to an interest rate per
annum equal to the sum of the LIBOR rate plus 2.4%; (v) require the Company and OPTCO to pay
 collectively
 upon the occurrence
of certain termination events
 a prepayment premium of 1.0% (as opposed to the 0.5% under the OPTCO Financing Agreement) of the
maximum amount of the A&amp;R Loan Facility in effect as of the date of the termination event; (vi) eliminate the over advance
fee; and (vii) establish a Letter of Credit Facility (as defined in the A&amp;R Loan Agreement) with a maximum obligation amount
of $1
000
000
 and subject to other terms and conditions described therein. Also on April 25
 2017
 SONO and CFI (collectively
referred to herein as the &ldquo;Guarantors&rdquo;)
 entered into a Guaranty Agreement (the &ldquo;Guaranty Agreement&rdquo;)
in connection with the A&amp;R Loan Agreement. The Guaranty Agreement was provided as an inducement to Sterling to extend credit
to Borrowers in exchange for the Guarantors&rsquo; unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance obligations of the Borrowers
under the Loan Agreement
 as further defined in the Guaranty Agreement.


2018
 the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the
new agreement among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31
 2020; (ii) increases the maximum principal
amount to $14
000
000; and (iii) decreases the interest rate per annum to LIBOR plus 2 percent
 4.3% at October 31
 2018.


A&amp;R Loan Facility and A&amp;R Loan Agreement contains covenants
 subject to certain exceptions
 that place annual restrictions
on the Borrowers&rsquo; operations
 including covenants relating to debt restrictions
 capital expenditures
 indebtedness
 minimum
deposit restrictions
 tangible net worth
 net profit
 leverage
 employee loan restrictions
 dividend and repurchase restrictions
(common stock and preferred stock)
 and restrictions on intercompany transactions.


Loan Facility also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times
 and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement requires that
the Borrowers
 on a consolidated basis
 maintain a minimum working capital at all times and achieve a minimum net profit amount
as of fiscal year end during the term of the A&amp;R Loan Agreement.&nbsp;


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
8 - LINE OF CREDIT (cont&rsquo;d):

Each
of the A&amp;R Loan Facility and the A&amp;R Loan Agreement is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. Other
than as amended and restated by the A&amp;R Loan Agreement
 the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement
remains in full force and effect.

As
of October 31
 2018 and October 31
 2017
 the outstanding balance under the bank line of credit was $6
260
014 and $8
407
527
respectively.

NOTE
9 - INCOME TAXES:

The
Company&rsquo;s provision for income taxes in 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
219
233
392
354

    
140
534
35
717

    
359
767
428
071

    
    
    

    
98
400
(199
550

    
53
365
15
575

    
151
765
(183
975

    
511
532
244
096


A
reconciliation of the difference between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&rsquo;s
effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

    
693
239
241
862

    
(59
473
(21
289

    
(224
283
    


 net of federal
102
049
23
523

    
    
    

    
511
532
244
096

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
9 - INCOME TAXES (cont&rsquo;d):

The
tax effects of the temporary differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31
 2018 and
2017 are as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
39
561
57
904

    
6
057
138
963

    
66
524
    

    
146
356
    

    
96
950
    

    
84
877
142
881

    
    
    

    
440
325
339
748

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
484
932
387
982

    
    
(196
443

    
    
(96
659

    
397
090
534
800

    
    
    

    
882
022
629
680


A
valuation allowance was not provided at October 31
 2018 or 2017. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those
temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future
taxable income
 and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections
for future taxable income over the periods in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be deductible
 management believes
it is more likely than not the Company will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax
asset considered realizable
 however
 could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.

On
December 22
 2017
 H.R.1
 or the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &ldquo;Act&rdquo; or &ldquo;Tax Reform&rdquo;) was signed into law.
The Act made significant changes to the Internal Revenue Code including
 but not limited to
 reducing the corporate federal tax
rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018. The Company calculated its provision for current federal income tax in foscal
2017 using a rate of 23.2%
 which reflects a blend of the former federal tax rate and the new federal tax rate of 21%. As a result
of the new federal tax rate
 the Company remeasured its deferred tax assets and liabilities. The remeasurement resulted in a provision
for income taxes of $10
786.

As
of October 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company&rsquo;s
practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31
 2018
and 2017
 the Company had no accrued interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state
tax examinations in progress.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
9 - INCOME TAXES (cont&rsquo;d):

The
Company files a U.S. federal income tax return and California
 Colorado
 Connecticut
 Idaho
 Kansas
 Michigan
 New Jersey
 New
York
 New York City
 Virginia
 Texas
 Rhode Island
 South Carolina
 and Oregon state tax returns. The Company&rsquo;s federal
income tax return is no longer subject to examination by the federal taxing authority for years before fiscal 2015. The Company&rsquo;s
California
 Colorado and New Jersey income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities
for the years before fiscal 2012. The Company&rsquo;s Oregon
 New York
 Kansas
 South Carolina
 Rhode Island
 Connecticut and
Michigan and Texas income tax returns are no longer subject to examination by their respective taxing authorities for the years
before fiscal 2013.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
10 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:

OPERATING
LEASES:

In
February 2004
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in La Junta City
 Colorado. This lease
 which is
at a monthly rental of $8
341 beginning January 2005
 expires on January 31
 2024. Rent charged to operations amounted to $95
504
for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017.

In
October 2008
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Staten Island
 NY. This lease
 which is at a
monthly rental beginning November 2008
 expires on October 31
 2023 and includes annual rent increases. Rent charged to operations
amounted to $143
171 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017. The Company also uses a variety of independent
 bonded commercial
warehouses to store its green coffee beans.

In
March 2015
 the Company entered into a lease for office space in Vancouver
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly rental beginning
April 1
 2015
 expired on March 31
 2017. The lease was extended
 effective as of April 1
 2017 and expiring on March 31
 2019.
Rent charged to operations amounted to $38
943 and $37
130 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

In
December 2016
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in Burlington
 WA. This lease
 which is at a monthly
rental beginning December 1
 2017
 expired on December 31
 2018. The lease was extended
 effective January 1
 2019 and expiring
on December 31
 2019. Rent charged to operations amounted to $46
190 and $43
988 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
respectively.

In
April 2017
 the Company entered into a lease for office and warehouse space in North Andover
 MA. This lease
 which is at a monthly
rental beginning April 1
 2017
 expires on March 31
 2027 and includes charges for common areas and utilities. Rent charged to
operations amounted to $233
750 and $172
627 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

The
aggregate minimum future lease payments as of October 31
 2018 for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:



October 31

    

    
    

    
450
454

    
438
820

    
447
342

    
456
290

    
465
685

    
600
016

    
    

    
2
858
607


401
(K) RETIREMENT PLAN:

The
Company has a 401(k) Retirement Plan
 which covers all the full time employees who have completed one year of service and have
 birthday. The Company matches 100% of the aggregate salary reduction contribution up to the first
3% of compensation and 50% of aggregate contribution of the next 2% of compensation. Contributions to the plan aggregated $77
341
and $71
701 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
11 - ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY:

Approximately
26% of the Company&rsquo;s sales were derived from five customers during the year ended October 31
 2018. These customers also
accounted for approximately $2
856
000 or 29% of the Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2018. Approximately
25% of the Company&rsquo;s sales were derived from four customers during the year ended October 31
 2017. These customers also
accounted for approximately $6
175
000 or 46% of the Company&rsquo;s accounts receivable balance at October 31
 2017. Concentration
of credit risk with respect to other trade receivables is limited due to the short payment terms generally extended by the Company
by ongoing credit evaluations of customers
 and by maintaining an allowance for doubtful accounts and other allowances that management
believes will adequately provide for credit losses.

For
the year ended October 31
 2018
 approximately 26% of the Company&rsquo;s purchases were from six vendors. These vendors accounted
for approximately $726
000 of the Company&rsquo;s accounts payable at October 31
 2018. For the year ended October 31
 2017
 approximately
28% of the Company&rsquo;s purchases were from five vendors. These vendors accounted for approximately $145
000 of the Company&rsquo;s
accounts payable at October 31
 2017. Management does not believe the loss of any one vendor would have a material adverse effect
of the Company&rsquo;s operations due to the availability of many alternate suppliers.

NOTE
12 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:

The
Company has engaged its 40% partner in Generation Coffee Company
 LLC as an outside contractor (the &ldquo;Partner&rdquo;). Included
in contract labor expense
 which is a component of cost of sales
 are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended
October 31
 2018 and 2017 of $447
140 and $427
931
 respectively.

An
employee of one of the top two vendors is a director of the Company. Purchases from that vendor totaled approximately $9
100
000
and $6
700
000 for the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this
vendor was approximately $215
000 and $72
000 at October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.

In
January 2005
 the Company established the &ldquo;Coffee Holding Co.
 Inc. Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan.&rdquo; Currently
there is only one participant in the plan: Andrew Gordon
 the CEO. Within the plan guidelines
 this employee is deferring a portion
of his current salary and bonus. The deferred compensation payable represents the liability due to an officer of the Company.
The deferred compensation liability at October 31
 2018 and 2017 was $532
726 and $488
529
 respectively. Deferred compensation
expenses included in officers&rsquo; salaries were $0 during the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
13 - STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY



    
    
Treasury
    Stock
    under the last-in
 first-out method. The Company purchased 236
586 shares for $1
129
050 during the year ended October 31
    2018 and 57
367 shares for $254
920 during the year ended October 31
 2017.

    
    
    

    
    
Share
    Repurchase Program. 
 2015
 the Company announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase
    program (the &ldquo;2015 Share Repurchase Program&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to $2 million of
    the outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions subject to market
    conditions
 share price and other factors. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined based on the
    Company&rsquo;s evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The 2015 Share Repurchase Program may be discontinued or
    suspended at any time. Pursuant to the terms of the 2015 Share Repurchase Program
 the Company purchased 3
384 shares for
    $15
829 during the year ended October 31
 2017. On September 10
 2017
 the Company announced that the Board of Directors had
    approved a share repurchase program (the &ldquo;2017 Share Repurchase Program&rdquo;) pursuant to which the Company may repurchase
    up to $2 million of the outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions
    subject to market conditions
 share price and other factors. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined
    based on the Company&rsquo;s evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The 2017 Share Repurchase Program may be discontinued
    or suspended at any time. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 Share Repurchase Program
 the Company purchased 236
586 and 53
983
    shares respectively for $1
129
050 and $239
091
 respectively during the years ended October 31
 2018 and 2017.



    
    



COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
14 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS:

Fair
value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date
 not adjusted for transaction costs. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy
that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels giving the highest priority
to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs
(Level 3) as described below:

Level
1 Inputs &ndash; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible by the Company;

Level
2 Inputs &ndash; Quoted prices in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable
either directly or indirectly;

Level
3 Inputs &ndash; Unobservable inputs for the asset or liability including significant assumptions of the Company and other market
participants.

The
Company determines fair values for its investment assets as follows:

Investments
at fair value consist of commodity securities and deferred compensation plan assets.

The
Company maintains a deferred compensation plan. The fair value of the plan assets are classified within Level 1 as the assets
are valued using quoted prices in active markets. The assets are included with Deposits and other assets in the accompanying balance
sheets. Additional information related to the Company&rsquo;s deferred compensation plan is disclosed in Note 11.

The
Company&rsquo;s commodity securities are classified within Level 2 and include coffee futures and options contracts. To determine
fair value
 the Company utilizes the market approach valuation technique for the coffee futures and options contracts. The Company
uses Level 2 inputs that are based on market data of similar instruments that are in observable markets. All commodities on the
balance sheet are recorded at fair value with changes in fair value included in earnings.

The
following tables present the Company&rsquo;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are
categorized using the fair value hierarchy.



    
    

 2018

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
532
726
532
726
    
    

    
17
880
    
17
880
    

    
550
606
532
726
17
880
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(39
926
    
(39
926
    

    
(39
926
    
(39
926
    




    
    

 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
488
529
488
529
    
    

    
166
945
    
166
945
    

    
655
474
488
529
166
945
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
(377
804
    
(377
807
    

    
(377
807
    
(377
807
    



    
    


COFFEE
HOLDING CO.
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
OCTOBER
31
 2018 AND 2017

NOTE
15 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:

The
Company evaluates events that have occurred after the balance sheet date but before the financial statements are issued. Based
upon the evaluation
 the Company did not identify any recognized or non-recognized subsequent events that would have required
further adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated financial statements.


    
    















     



Exhibit
10.20

TABLE
OF CONTENTS



Section
    1 - Premises
    

Section
    2 - Term
    

Section
    3 - Rent
    

Section
    4 - Additional Rent
    

Section
    5 - Late Charges
    

Section
    6 - Security Deposit
    

Section
    7 - Taxes and Assessments
    

Section
    8 - Quiet Enjoyment
    

Section
    9 - Signs
    

Section
    10 - Repairs by Tenant
    

Section
    11 - Landlord&rsquo;s Maintenance
    

Section
    12 - Alterations and Additions
    

Section
    13 - Machinery
 Equipment and Trade Fixtures
    

Section
    14 - Utilities
 Cleaning and Trash Removal
    

Section
    15 - Use of the Premises
    

Section
    16 - Assignment and Subleasing
    

Section
    17 - Mechanics Liens
    

Section
    18 - Liability
    

Section
    19 - Tenant&rsquo;s Liability Insurance
    

Section
    20 - Fire and Extended Coverage Insurance
    

Section
    21 - Condemnation
 Destruction or Damage
    

Section
    22 - Repossession by Landlord
    

Section
    23 - Mortgage Lien
    

Section
    24 - Environmental Matters
    

Section
    25 - Americans With Disabilities Act
    

Section
    26 - Default
    

Section
    27 - Expense Reimbursement
    

Section
    28 - Access to Premises
    

Section
    29 - Holding Over
    

Section
    30 - Notices
    

Section
    31 - Succession
    

Section
    32 - Waiver
    

Section
    33 - Representations
    

Section
    34 - Brokerage
    

Section
    35 - Governing Law
    

Section
    36 - Jury Trial Waiver
    

Section
    37 - Force Majeure
    

Section
    38 - Invalidity of Particular Provisions
    

Section
    39 - Recording
    

Section
    40 - Status Report
    

Section
    41 - Option to Extend
    

Section
    42 - Miscellaneous Matters
    

Guaranty
    of Lease
    



    
    




THIS
INDENTURE OF LEASE dated as of the 6th day of December 2000
 is made by and between One Clark Street North Andover LLC
 a Massachusetts
limited liability company with offices c/o Aries Property Company
 LLC
 121 Middle Street
 Portland
 Maine 04101 (hereinafter
called the &ldquo;Landlord&rdquo;) and Comfort Foods
 Inc.
 a Massachusetts corporation with a place of business at 844 Woburn
Street
 Wilmington
 MA 01887 (hereinafter called the &ldquo;Tenant&rdquo;).

WITNESSETH
that for and in consideration of the rents herein reserved and the covenants and agreements herein contained and expressed and
to be kept
 performed and fulfilled
 the parties agree as follows:

Section
1 - Premises
 and Tenant hereby leases from Landlord a portion of the building
at TWENTY FIVE COMMERCE WAY
 North Andover
 Massachusetts (the &ldquo;Building&rdquo;)
 the leased premises is deemed to contain
49
018 square feet of space and being designated as Unit 5
 and shown as the building space highlighted on Exhibit A annexed hereto
(the &ldquo;Premises&rdquo;) and use
 in common with others of such easements and appurtenances
 necessary for access to the Premises
(as defined herein). All of the land
 buildings and improvements owned by Landlord in the vicinity of the Premises
 including
any additional buildings which may be hereafter constructed and all rights of way and easements appurtenant thereto are herein
referred to as the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;.

(a)
Landlord shall
 at Landlord&rsquo;s cost and expense
 construct approximately 5
200 square feet of office space in the Premises
in accordance with the floor plan attached hereto as Exhibit B-l. The office space shall be fully air conditioned. The Landlord&rsquo;s
work shall also include floor sealant in the manufacturing area and electric/gas upgrades for production equipment. The Landlord&rsquo;s
(the &ldquo;Landlord&rsquo;s Work&rdquo;)
as long as the hard and soft cost of the Landlord&rsquo;s Work does not exceed $334
349.00 based on $6.83 per square foot (as
adjusted by Landlord&rsquo;s architect&rsquo;s measurements of the actual square footage). If such costs exceed $334
349.00
 (based
on a $6.83 per square foot allowance and a Premises of 49
018 square feet) Tenant shall pay the Landlord overage (the &ldquo;Excess
Cost&rdquo;) within ten (10) days of being invoiced for the Excess Cost by Landlord. Landlord shall provide Tenant with the contractor&rsquo;s
proposed construction schedule including the proposed date of substantial completion and shall keep Tenant updated with respect
to any changes in such construction schedule. Landlord presently expects that such proposed date of substantial completion will
be on or before February 1
 2001. The date of substantial completion shall be the date upon which a temporary or permanent certificate
of occupancy is issued with respect to the Premises (the &ldquo;Commencement Date&rdquo;). In the event that the Commencement
Date is extended beyond March 15
 2001
 for a reason other than the fault of or delay caused in whole or in part by the Tenant
(or its agents
 employees
 (as defined in Section 37 below)
 the Landlord agrees to provide
Tenant with one day of free base Rent for every 3 days of delay.

(b)
During the course of the construction the Tenant shall have the right to request changes to the Project Plans relating to the
interior of the Premises provided that (i) such changes do not adversely affect the portions of the Property other than the Premises
(ii) in the event that such changes shall increase the total cost of the Premises or the Property
 the Tenant shall pay to Landlord
any increased costs (direct or indirect) attributable to such changes and (iii) in the event that such changes delay the substantial
completion of the Premises or the Property Landlord&rsquo;s increased cost attributable to such changes shall include any lost
rent caused by such delay. In addition
 fifteen days prior to the Commencement Date
 the Tenant shall have the right to concurrently
perform Tenant&rsquo;s Work provided that (i) Tenant shall coordinate the performance of Tenant&rsquo;s Work with Landlord&rsquo;s
construction manager and heed the construction manager&rsquo;s scheduling decisions and (ii) the performance of Tenant&rsquo;s
Work shall not adversely impact the performance of Landlord&rsquo;s Work or the construction schedule for Landlord&rsquo;s Work.
In the event that conditions (i) or (ii) above are not met. Landlord shall have the right to revoke Tenant&rsquo;s right to perform
Tenant&rsquo;s Work prior to substantial completion of Landlord&rsquo;s Work

(c)
Within thirty (30) days after the Commencement Date of this Lease the Tenant shall provide the Landlord with a &ldquo;punch list&rdquo;
of any items of incomplete work or work that does not conform with the Project Plans relating to the Premises and Landlord shall
 after receipt of such notice. Other than
completion of such punch list items the Landlord shall not be responsible for any further work or improvements with respect to
the Project except that Landlord shall
 upon Tenant&rsquo;s request
 cause any items of defective work covered by contractor&rsquo;s
or manufacturer&rsquo;s warranties or guaranties to be corrected pursuant to the terms of the applicable warranty or guaranty.
Landlord shall only be responsible for performing the fit-up work described in the Project Plans
 and all additional work necessary
to make the Premises suitable for Tenant&rsquo;s intended use thereof shall be performed by Tenant at its sole cost and expense
and in accordance with Section 12 hereof.


    
    


Section
2 - Term
that Tenant enters into occupancy of the Premises or (ii) the date of substantial completion of the Premises and expiring on the
) month anniversary of said term Commencement
Date.

Section
3 - Rent
 in advance
 on or before the
first day of each month (prorated for any partial month) as follows (assuming the Commencement Date is February 1
 2001):



    
    
Rent
    per square foot
    
Annual
    Rent
    
    
Monthly
    Rent
    

Lease
    Year 1
    
    
6.50
    NNN
    
    
318
617.04
    
    
    
26
551.42
    

Lease
    Years 2 &amp; 3
    
    
6.85
    NNN
    
    
335
773.32
    
    
    
27
981.11
    

Lease
    Years 4
 5
 6 &amp; 7
    
    
7.10
    NNN
    
    
348
027.84
    
    
    
29
002.32
    

Lease
    Year 8
 9 &amp; 10 plus the additional two months after the end of the 10
    
    
7.35
    NNN
    
    
360
282.36
    
    
    
30
023.53
    


The
Annual Rent and Monthly Rent shall be adjusted as applicable
 based on Landlord&rsquo;s architect&rsquo;s as built measurement.
Landlord shall advise Tenant in writing of substantial completion
 which writing shall also set forth the square footage of the
Premises
 the rent
 and the Commencement Dale. Said writing shall be binding on the parties
 absent bad faith.

The
foregoing rent amounts include $184
797.86 ($3.77 per square foot) in tenant improvement amortization over the standard tenant
allowance of $2.00 per square foot (the &ldquo;Excess Tenant Improvement Amortization Amount&rdquo;) assuming these costs are
amortized over years 2 through 10 at an interest rate of 10% per annum. Tenant will have the option
 at any time during the lease
to prepay the remaining Excess Tenant Improvement Amortization Amount. After Tenant has made such payment
 the rent shall be prospectively
adjusted as follows: a) if payment is made in years 1 through 5
 the annual Rent per Square Foot shall be prospectively adjusted
to $6.50 per square foot
 NNN
 for the period beginning as of the first month after the payment and continuing through year 5
then increasing to $7.10 per square foot
 NNN
 for years 6 through 10
 and
 b) if payment is made in years 6 through 10
 the annual
Rent per Square Foot shall be prospectively adjusted to $7.10 per square foot
 NNN for the period beginning as of the first month
after the payment and continuing thereafter through year 10.

*
The first three (3) months of base rent shall be forgiven in the first Lease Year. In addition
 if and only if the Tenant has
not then been released from its current Leasehold obligations in Wilmington
 Massachusetts
 for the five (5) months beginning
on May 1
 2001 and ending on September 30
 2001
 the Monthly Rent shall be reduced by $10
000 per month in each of said five (5)
months during which the Tenant remains obligated to pay its full rent at the Wilmington
 Massachusetts facility. Beginning on
October 2001
 no reductions in the Rent shall be permitted or in effect.


    
    


Section
4 - Additional Rent
 as additional rent
 Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share (as hereinafter
defined) of all of the costs of the Property
 which costs may include but shall not be limited to i) cleaning and maintenance
of the common areas
 ii) clearing and snow removal from parking area and access drives
 iii) trash removal
 iv) insurance carried
by Landlord with respect to the Property
 v) real estate taxes
 vi) landscaping
 vii) management fees
 viii) repairs and maintenance
of the buildings and improvements on the Property
 ix) maintenance and other costs related to water
 sewer
 storm drainage and
other utility service provided to the Property to the extent such utilities are not separately metered to the Premises and other
tenant premises in the Property and x) other expenses as deemed necessary by Landlord. This lease is a triple net lease. The term
&ldquo;real estate taxes&rdquo; as used in the paragraph shall be deemed to include all assessments
 impositions and other governmental
charges
 ordinary and extraordinary
 which may be levied
 assessed or otherwise become a lien upon or charge against the Property.
Additional rent will be in monthly installments
 due with the monthly payments of the base rent
 based on the budget provided
by Landlord to Tenant. During calendar year 2000 such budgeted monthly installments shall be at the annual rate of $1.80 per square
foot. Landlord shall reconcile actual costs and expenses with the budget figures at least annually and make appropriate adjustments
with Tenant. As part of such annual reconciliation
 the Landlord shall provide Tenant with a statement of actual costs and expenses
which statement shall be deemed accurate by Tenant unless Landlord receives written objection from Tenant within sixty (60) days
of receipt by Tenant of such statement.

For
the purposes of this Lease
 Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share is the product of the area of the Premises divided by the leasable
area of all buildings on the Property. At the time of signing of this Lease
 such Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share is expected
to be twenty seven and seventy one hundredths percent (27.71%)
 based on 49
018 square feet divided by 176
916 square feet.

Section
5 - Payment of Rent and Late Charges
the address set forth in Section 30
 or such other place as Landlord may designate in writing
 on or before the first of each
month. If the payment is not received by Landlord on the first day of each month
 Landlord shall be entitled to
 and Tenant shall
pay to Landlord a late fee equal to five percent (5%) of the late payments and if payment is not received by the 10th of the month
it shall bear interest from the first of the month at the prime rate published in the Wall Street Journal
 as it may be adjusted
from time to time
 plus 4% per annum
 but in no event more than the highest rate of interest allowed by applicable law. All payments
under this Lease shall be paid to Landlord without notice or demand
 and without abatement
 deduction
 counterclaim or set-off.

Section
6 - Security Deposit
 Tenant has deposited the sum of Twenty Six Thousand
Five Hundred Fifty One and 42/100 Dollars ($26
551.42) (the &ldquo;Deposit&rdquo;) with Landlord as security for the full and
faithful performance by Tenant of all of the terms and conditions of this Lease required to be paid or performed by Tenant. Landlord
may apply any portion of the Deposit for the payment of any payments of rent
 additional rent or sums due to Landlord hereunder
for which Tenant is in default
 to discharge any liens which Tenant fails to discharge as required by Section 12 and Section 17
and for any damages to the Premises (excluding reasonable wear and tear) caused by any affirmative or negligent act by Tenant
its employees
 servants or invitees. Promptly following any application of the Deposit
 Tenant shall pay to Landlord an amount
needed to restore the Deposit to its original amount. Upon the expiration of this Lease and Tenant&rsquo;s vacating of the Premises
Landlord shall return the Deposit to Tenant less any amounts applied by Landlord to said rent or damages within 60 days.

Section
7 - Taxes and Assessments
 and charges and governmental
impositions
 duties and charges of like kind and nature
 which shall or may during the term of this Lease be charged
 laid
 levied
or imposed upon or become a lien or liens upon the Building and the Property
 subject to Tenant making the payments of Additional
Rent as required in Section 4 above. Landlord shall
 upon written request by Tenant
 provide the Tenant with a copy of the Landlord&rsquo;s
latest real estate tax bill on the Property. If the Landlord contests real estate tax bills with the municipality and obtains
an abatement
 the Tenant shall be entitled to receive its pro-rata share of the abatement after Landlord deducts from such abatement
all costs and expenses incurred by Landlord
 including its attorneys&rsquo; fees
 in obtaining the abatement. Tenant shall pay
all personal property taxes and other governmental impositions on its personal property and fixtures located at the Premises.

Section
8 - Quiet Enjoyment
 and Tenant
upon paying the rent and observing the other covenants and conditions herein upon its part to be observed
 shall peaceably and
quietly hold and enjoy the Premises without hindrance by
 from or through Landlord
 subject to the terms of this Lease.


    
    


Section
9 - Signs
Any signs shall be in compliance with all federal
 state and local laws and ordinances and shall conform with a uniform sign policy
which Landlord may establish with respect to the Property. Tenant shall maintain a sign identifying the name of its business in
a location designated by Landlord at the Premises.

Section
10 - Repairs
 (a) Tenant shall
 at its own expense
 be responsible for all maintenance and repairs to the Premises
 including
without limitation
 light bulbs
 ballasts
 the heating
 ventilating and air conditioning systems
 electrical systems and lighting
plumbing fixtures
 windows and doors
 loading docks and doors
 sprinkler and alarm systems exclusively serving the Premises
 and
for all interior painting desired by Tenant and for the replacement of broken glass within the Premises (which includes the exterior
windows). Tenant shall employ suitable contractors (approved by Landlord) to perform maintenance of all such systems
 including
without limitation
 said heating
 ventilating and air conditioning systems
 sprinkler system and alarm system. Tenant shall also
promptly make any repairs lawfully required by any public authority as a result of changes in statutes or regulations which become
effective subsequent to the beginning of the term of this Lease and which repairs are required because of the nature of the occupancy
of the Premises by Tenant or the manner in which it conducts its business therein. At the expiration of this Lease or earlier
termination hereof for any cause herein provided for
 Tenant shall deliver up the Premises to Landlord broom clean and in the
same sanitary and attractive condition and state of repair as at the beginning of the term hereof
 reasonable wear and tear
 taking
by eminent domain and damage due to fire or other casualty insured against excepted.

(b)
Landlord shall perform the following items
 which items shall be included as additional rent as operating expenses: roof repairs
inspection and testing of the fire protection system
 repairs to common plumbing lines and common area electrical systems.

(c)
The following will be performed by Landlord at its cost and expense and not included as additional rent: roof replacements
 HVAC
replacements and structural repairs (unless such costs are incurred because of the act or negligence of Tenant.)

In
the event Tenant fails to make promptly any repairs required of Tenant hereunder
 or fails to perform any of its other obligations
Landlord may
 at its option
 if such failure continues for more than five (5) days after Landlord has provided notice to Tenant
make such repairs or perform such obligations to Tenant&rsquo;s account and the cost thereof will become an obligation of Tenant
under this Lease
 payable within thirty (30) days of demand and any such amount shall bear interest at the prime rate published
in the Wall Street Journal plus 10% per annum
 as may from time to time be determined
 from the date of demand.

Section
11 - Landlord&rsquo;s Maintenance
 foundation
repair and exterior wall repair) of the Building. Non-capital expenditures relating to such maintenance may be included in the
costs described in clause (viii) of Section 4. The parties acknowledge that it is their intention that this Lease shall otherwise
be an absolute net lease
 so-called
 and that Tenant has responsibility for all non-structural maintenance and repair to the Premises
together with payment of all reasonable costs and expense associated with the Premises excepting only any responsibility specifically
accepted by Landlord hereunder.

Section
12 - Alterations and Additions
 but may make non-structural
alterations provided Landlord consents thereto in writing
 which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Tenant
shall not make any penetrations of the roof or exterior wall except for roof penetrations at a location approved by Landlord and
performed by a contractor approved by Landlord. Landlord may require satisfactory evidence of available financing for any such
alterations or additions. All such allowed alterations shall be at Tenant&rsquo;s expense and shall be in quality at least equal
to the present construction. Tenant shall not permit any mechanics&rsquo; liens
 or similar liens
 to remain upon the Premises
for labor and material furnished to Tenant or claimed to have been furnished to Tenant in connection with work of any character
performed or claimed to have been performed at the direction of Tenant and shall cause any such lien to be released of record
forthwith without cost to Landlord. Any alterations or improvements made by Tenant shall become the property of Landlord at the
termination of occupancy as provided herein. Landlord reserves the right to require that Tenant demolish and remove
 at Tenant&rsquo;s
sole expense
 any alterations or improvements made by Tenant. Such demolition and removal will be completed prior to Tenant vacating
the premises upon the expiration or termination of this Lease. Tenant shall provide the Landlord with plans and specifications
for all alterations and will provide Landlord with bi-weekly lien waivers from all materialmen
 contractors and subcontractors.


    
    


Section
13 - Machinery
 Equipment and Trade Fixtures
 equipment
 trade fixtures
or appurtenances thereto in the Premises which cannot be removed from the Premises without damage to the Premises. Tenant agrees
that (a) all machinery and equipment
 and appurtenances thereto
 installed in the Premises by Tenant
 or by any employee
 agent
or subcontractor of Tenant
 or by any subtenant of Tenant
 which may be removed from the Premises without substantial damage to
the Premises
 and (b) all furniture
 furnishings and movable trade fixtures installed in the Premises
 shall be deemed to remain
personal property of Tenant and that all such machinery
 equipment
 appurtenances
 furniture and movable trade fixtures of Tenant
or of any employee
 agent or subcontractor or subtenant of Tenant
 must be removed
 prior to the expiration of this Lease or its
earlier termination for any cause herein provided for. Tenant shall repair any damage occasioned by such removal and shall restore
the Premises to its condition as at the beginning of the term hereof
 reasonable wear and tear
 taking by eminent domain and damage
due to fire or other casualty insured against excepted. Any such property which is required to be removed pursuant to the provisions
hereof and which is not so removed prior to the expiration or earlier termination of this Lease may be removed from the Premises
by Landlord and stored for the account of Tenant: and if Tenant shall fail to reclaim such property within sixty (60) days following
such expiration or earlier termination of this Lease
 such property shall be deemed to have been abandoned by Tenant and may be
appropriated
 sold
 destroyed
 or otherwise disposed of by Landlord without notice to Tenant and without obligation to account
therefor. Tenant shall pay to Landlord all reasonable costs incurred by Landlord in removing
 storing
 selling
 destroying or
otherwise disposing of any such property.

Section
14 - Utilities
 Cleaning and Trash Removal
 and shall pay when due all charges for (i)
all utilities
 including but not limited to gas
 electricity
 heat
 power
 telephone (ii) cleaning and janitorial services for
the interior of the Premises
 (iii) trash removal services for all wastes from the Premises and (iv) any other services supplied
to Tenant at the Premises
 and shall hold and save Landlord harmless from any expense or liability connected therewith. Landlord
shall be under no responsibility to supply either heat or hot water to the Premises at any time whatsoever. Landlord will provide
utility connections up to the premises. In no event shall Landlord be responsible or liable to Tenant or anyone claiming under
Tenant for failure or cessation of supply of any utilities.

Section
15 - Use of the Premises

(a)
The Premises shall be used for roasting
 flavoring
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution of coffee
 cocoa
 and tea and the
warehousing and distribution of other food products and food product equipment and related administrative uses
 and for no other
purposes. In its use of the Premises
 Tenant shall comply with all statutes
 ordinances and regulations applicable to the use
thereof
 including
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 the Zoning Ordinance of the Town of North Andover
 Massachusetts
as now in effect or as hereafter amended.

(b)
Tenant shall not injure or deface
 or commit waste with respect to the Premises
 nor occupy or use the Premises in such manner
as to constitute a nuisance of any kind
 nor for any purpose nor in any manner in violation of any present or future laws
 rules
requirements
 orders
 directions
 ordinances or regulations of any governmental or lawful authority including Boards of Fire Underwriters.
Tenant shall
 immediately upon the discovery of any unlawful
 illegal
 disreputable or extra hazardous use
 take all necessary
steps to discontinue such use. Without limiting the foregoing
 Tenant acknowledges that the operation or storage of motor vehicles
within the Premises is an extra hazardous use and is therefore prohibited. Tenant shall pay all extra insurance premiums which
may be caused by the use which Tenant may make of the Premises. Tenant shall not operate any roasting machines in the Premises
unless &ldquo;after burners&rdquo; have been installed and are in use on such machines and are functioning such that the emissions
from the roasting machines are not an annoyance or nuisance to other tenants or occupants on the Property
 in the industrial park
of which the Property is a part or the neighborhoods adjacent to such industrial park.

(c)
Tenant shall procure all licenses or permits required by any use of the Premises by Tenant.

(d)
Tenant&rsquo;s use of the access roads
 parking areas and loading areas on the Property shall be subject to any reasonable rules
or regulations which may be established from time to time by Landlord. Tenant shall not park storage trailers or store any items
of its property on said exterior common areas.


    
    


(e)
Tenant shall not permit any employee
 servant
 invitee or visitor of Tenant to violate the covenants or obligations of Tenant
hereunder.

Section
16- Subleasing - Assignment

(a)
Tenant shall not
 without the prior written consent of Landlord
 assign this Lease in whole or in part
 sublet the Premises or
any portion thereof or mortgage
 pledge or encumber its leasehold interest hereunder. With respect to a sublet
 the Landlord&rsquo;s
consent will not be unreasonably withheld. Any request for such consent shall be accompanied with reasonably detailed information
regarding the creditworthiness and business experience of the proposed assignee or subtenant. Tenant shall reimburse Landlord
for its reasonable legal fees incurred in connection with any such consent requested by Tenant. In the event of such assignment
or sublease
 Tenant shall remain liable to Landlord for all the rentals called for under the terms of this Lease and for the performance
of all covenants herein to be performed by Tenant.

(b)
It is agreed that if Landlord shall consent to such assignment or subletting
 and Tenant shall thereupon assign this Lease or
sublet all or any portion of the Premises
 then and in that event Tenant shall pay to Landlord
 as additional rent
 (i) in the
event of an assignment
 the amount fifty percent (50%)of all monies
 if any
 which the assignee has agreed to and does pay to
Tenant in consideration of the making of such assignment less however all out of pocket costs actually incurred by Tenant in connection
with the making of such assignment
 including but not limited to any brokerage fees
 advertising and alteration costs; and (ii)
in the event of a subletting
 fifty percent (50%) the amount
 if any
 by which the fixed base rent plus additional rent payable
by the subtenant to Tenant shall exceed the fixed base rent plus additional rent allocable to that part of the Premises affected
by such sublease pursuant to the provisions of this Lease
 plus the amounts
 if any
 payable by such subtenant to Tenant pursuant
to any side agreement as consideration (partial or otherwise) for Tenant making such subletting.

(c)
Notwithstanding anything in this section 16 to the contrary
 Tenant shall have the right to assign or sublet this Lease to any
entity controlled by
 or under common control with
 Tenant
 after notice to Landlord but without the consent of Landlord
 provided
that Tenant shall remain fully liable for all obligations hereunder.

Landlord
shall have the right to assign this Lease or any of the rights and benefits accruing to it thereunder.

Section
17 - Mechanic&rsquo;s Liens
supplier&rsquo;s or mechanic&rsquo;s lien on the Premises arising out of any work performed by or on behalf of Tenant
 Tenant
shall cause said lien to be released and discharged without delay.

Section
18 - Liability
 and except for injury or damage caused
by the willful or negligent act of Landlord
 its servants or agents. Landlord shall not be liable for any injury or damage to
any person happening on or about the Premises or for any injury or damage to the Premises or to any property of Tenant or to any
property of any third person
 firm
 association or corporation on or about the Premises. Tenant shall
 except for injury or damage
caused as aforesaid
 indemnify and save Landlord harmless from and against any and all liability and damages
 costs and expenses
including reasonable counsel fees
 and from and against any and all suits
 claims and demands of any kind or nature
 by and on
behalf of any person
 firm
 association or corporation
 arising out of or based upon any incident
 occurrence
 injury or damage
which shall or may happen on or about the Premises and from and against any matter or thing growing out of the condition
 maintenance
repair
 alteration
 use
 occupation or operation of the Premises or the installation of any property therein or the removal of
any property therefrom.

(b)
Tenant agrees to look solely to Landlord&rsquo;s interest in the Property for recovering of any judgment or claim against Landlord.
It is understood and agreed that all covenants of Landlord contained in this Lease shall be binding upon Landlord and Landlord&rsquo;s
successors only with respect to breaches during Landlord&rsquo;s and Landlord&rsquo;s successors&rsquo; respective ownership of
Landlord&rsquo;s interest hereunder. In no event shall Landlord ever be liable to Tenant for any indirect
 special
 or consequential
damages suffered by Tenant or any other party from whatever cause.


    
    


(c)
To the extent that such event is a covered event by Landlord&rsquo;s comprehensive liability insurance on the Property
 as such
policy is described in Section 33(g) below
 and limited to any award obtained from such insurance policy. Landlord shall
 except
for injury or damage caused in whole or in part by the willful or negligent act of Tenant
 its servants
 agents
 employees
 or
contractors
 indemnify and save Tenant harmless from and against any and all liability and damages
 costs and expenses
 including
reasonable counsel fees
 and from suits
 claims and demands of any kind or nature
 by and behalf of any person
 firm
 association
corporation
 arising out of or based on any incident
 occurrence
 injury or damage caused by Landlord&rsquo;s willful or negligent
act.

Section
19 - Liability Insurance
 at its expense
 comprehensive liability
insurance on the Premises with an insurance company authorized to do business in Massachusetts and acceptable to Landlord. Such
insurance shall be carried in the name of and for the benefit of Tenant and Landlord; shall be written on an &ldquo;occurrence&rdquo;
basis; and shall provide coverage of at least $2
000
000.00 in case of death of or injury to one person; at least $3
000
000.00
in case of death of or injury to more than one person in the same occurrence; and at least $ 1
000
000.00 in case of loss
 destruction
or damage to property. Tenant shall also maintain workers&rsquo; compensation insurance and commercial automobile insurance as
required by applicable law. Tenant shall furnish to Landlord a certificate of such insurance which shall provide that the insurance
indicated therein shall not be canceled without at least thirty (30) days&rsquo; written notice to Landlord.

Section
20 - Fire and Extended Coverage Insurance
coverage insurance on the building containing the Premises. Tenant shall procure and continue in force during the term hereof
fire and extended coverage insurance on any and all personal property and fixtures of Tenant which are situated in the Premises.

All
insurance policies carried by either party covering the demised premises
 including but not limited to contents
 fire and casualty
insurance
 shall expressly waive any right on the part of the insurer against the other party. The parties hereto agree that their
policies will include such waiver clause or endorsement so long as the same shall be obtainable without extra cost
 or if extra
cost shall be charged therefor
 so long as the other party pays such extra cost. If extra cost shall be chargeable therefor
 each
party shall advise the other thereof and of the amount of the extra cost
 and the other party
 at its election
 may pay the same
but shall not be obligated to do so. Each of the parties hereby waives all claims for recovery from the other party for any loss
or damage to any of its property insured under such insurance policies not containing such subrogation waivers.

Section
21 - Condemnation
 Destruction or Damage

(a)
If the Premises
 or any material portion thereof
 are taken by eminent domain
 or condemned for public use
 this Lease may be
terminated by either party
 and any and all awards for such taking shall be the exclusive property of Landlord. Nothing contained
herein shall be construed to preclude Tenant from prosecuting any claim directly against the condemning authority in such condemnation
proceedings for loss of business or depreciation to
 damage to
 or cost of removal of
 equipment and other personal property belonging
to Tenant
 provided
 however
 that no such claim shall diminish or otherwise adversely affect Landlord&rsquo;s award or the award
to any mortgagee.

(b)
In the event that the building of which the Premises are a part shall be totally destroyed by fire or other casualty insured against
or shall be so damaged that repairs and restoration cannot be accomplished within a period of sixty (60) days from the date of
such destruction or damage
 this Lease shall terminate at the election of Landlord and each party shall be relieved of any further
obligation to the other
 except that Tenant shall be liable for and shall promptly pay Landlord any rent then in arrears or Landlord
shall promptly rebate to Tenant a pro rata portion of any rent paid in advance. In the event the premises shall be so damaged
that repairs and restoration can be accomplished within a period of sixty (60) days from the date of such destruction or damage
or if Landlord does not elect to terminate this Lease
 this Lease shall continue in effect in accordance with its terms; such
repairs and restoration shall
 unless otherwise agreed by Landlord and Tenant
 be performed promptly by Landlord as closely as
practicable to the condition which existed as of the date of the damage (utilizing therefor the proceeds of the insurance applicable
thereto)
 and until such repairs and restoration have been accomplished
 a portion of the rent shall abate equal to the proportion
of the Premises rendered unusable by the damage. Landlord&rsquo;s obligation to restore shall not extend to any of Tenant&rsquo;s
personal property or trade fixtures or to any alterations
 improvements or additions made by Tenant
 the restoration of which
will be Tenant&rsquo;s obligation. It is understood that Landlord&rsquo;s obligation to restore
 replace or rebuild shall not
exceed in amount the sum of the insurance proceeds paid to it and/or released to it by any mortgagee with which settlement was
made. Tenant agrees to execute and deliver to Landlord all instruments and documents necessary to evidence the fact that the right
to such insurance proceeds is vested in Landlord by the damage.


    
    


(c)
If the destruction or damage to the Premises has not been substantially restored or repaired within one hundred eighty (180) days
after the Landlord has received its insurance award
 the Tenant may elect to terminate this Lease upon notice to the Landlord:
provided that the Tenant shall not have the right to terminate if the destruction or damage has been substantially restored or
repaired prior to the date of Tenant&rsquo;s notification.

Section
22 - Repossession by Landlord
herein provided for
 Tenant shall peaceably and quietly quit the Premises and deliver possession of the same to Landlord.

Section
23 - Mortgage Lien
to the lien of (1) any mortgage constituting a lien of the Property
 or any part thereof
 at the date hereof
 (2) the lien of
any mortgage hereafter executed to a bank
 trust company or other recognized lending institution to provide permanent financing
or refinancing of the land and improvements containing the Premises
 and (3) any renewal
 modification
 consolidation or extension
of any mortgage referred to in clause (1) and (2). Tenant shall
 upon demand at any time or times
 execute
 acknowledge and deliver
to Landlord without any expense to Tenant
 any and all instruments that may be necessary or proper to subordinate this Lease and
all rights of Tenant hereunder to the lien of a mortgage referred to in (2) or (3) of the preceding sentence as a condition precedent
to the effectiveness of this Lease. Landlord agrees to provide Tenant with a Non Disturbance Agreement from its lender.

Section
24 - Environmental Matters

(a)
Tenant represents and warrants that it shall not use the Premises for the Storage
 Treatment or Disposal of Hazardous Wastes
except in full compliance with all applicable laws
 regulations and requirements of Governmental Authorities (as hereinafter defined).
For the purposes of this Lease
 the terms Hazardous Waste
 Storage
 Treatment and Disposal are defined by cumulative reference
to the following sources
 as amended from time to time: (1) The Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976
 42 USC &sect;6901
et seq (RCRA); (2) EPA Federal Regulations promulgated thereunder and codified in 40 C.F.R. Parts 260-265 and Parts 122-124; (3)
Chapter 21C and 21E of the Massachusetts General Laws; and regulations promulgated thereunder by any agency or department of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. Promptly
 upon the request of Landlord
 Tenant shall provide Landlord with a list of all Hazardous
Materials generated
 stored
 treated
 or used on the Premises.

(b)
As used in this Section
 the term &ldquo;Hazardous Material&rdquo; shall mean any substance
 water or material which has been
determined by any state
 federal or local government authority to be capable of posing a risk of injury to health
 safety and
property
 including
 but not limited to
 all of those materials
 wastes and substances designated as hazardous or toxic by the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
 the U.S. Department of Labor
 the U.S. Department of Transportation
 and/or any other governmental
agency
 federal
 state
 or local
 now or hereafter authorized to regulate materials and substances in the environment (collectively
&ldquo;Governmental Authority(ies)&rdquo;).

(c)
Tenant agrees to take responsibility for any remedial action required by Government Authorities having jurisdiction regarding
any Hazardous Material or Hazardous Waste owned
 controlled
 used or manufactured by Tenant
 or for which Tenant is otherwise
legally responsible. Tenant shall pay all costs in connection with any such investigation or remedial activity including
 without
limitation
 all installation
 operation
 maintenance
 testing
 and monitoring costs
 all power and utility costs and any and all
pumping taxes or fees that may be applicable to Tenant&rsquo;s activities. Tenant shall perform all such work in a good
 safe
and workmanlike manner
 in compliance with all laws and regulations thereto
 and shall diligently pursue any required investigation
and remedial activity until Tenant is allowed to terminate these activities by those Government Authorities having jurisdiction.

(d)
Tenant shall conduct any testing
 monitoring
 reporting and remedial activities in connection with the Premises in a good
 safe
and workmanlike manner
 and in compliance with all laws and regulations applicable thereto. Tenant shall promptly provide Landlord
with copies of any testing results and reports that are generated in connection with Tenant&rsquo;s activities and that are submitted
to any Government Authority.


    
    


(e)
Tenant shall indemnify
 hold harmless
 and defend Landlord
 its officers
 members
 employees and agents (collectively &ldquo;Indemnitees&rdquo;)
against all claims
 demands
 losses
 liabilities
 costs and expenses
 including attorneys&rsquo; fees
 (collectively &ldquo;Liabilities&rdquo;)
imposed upon or accruing against Indemnitees as actual and direct costs of investigatory or remedial action required by any Government
Authority having jurisdiction or as damages to third persons for personal injury or property damage arising from the existence
of Hazardous Material or Hazardous Waste referred to in subparagraph (c). Such Liabilities shall include
 without limitation:
(i) injury or death to any person
 (ii) damage to or loss of use of any other property
 (iii) the cost of any demolition and rebuilding
of the improvements containing the Premises
 repair
 or remediation and the preparation of any closure or other activity required
by any Governmental Authority
 (iv) any lawsuit brought or threatened
 good faith settlement reached
 or governmental order relating
to the presence
 disposal
 release or threatened release of any Hazardous Material or Hazardous Waste referred to in subparagraph
(c)
 on
 from or under the land and building containing the Premises and (v) the imposition of any liens on the land and building
containing the Premises arising from Tenant&rsquo;s activities on or about the Premises or from the existence of Hazardous Material
or Hazardous Waste referred to in subparagraph (c).

(f)
Tenant shall have no responsibility for Hazardous Waste or Hazardous Materials existing on the Premises on the date that Tenant
first takes occupancy of the Premises or for such Hazardous Waste or Hazardous materials deposited by Landlord or any other tenant;
except that Tenant shall be responsible for any costs and expenses incurred by or assessed against Landlord which result from
Tenant&rsquo;s activities or from aggravation of such preexisting or future conditions during the tenancy of Tenant.

(g)
Tenant shall use its best efforts (including payment of money) not to cause or suffer any lien to be recorded against the land
and building containing the Premises as a consequence of
 or in any way related to
 the presence
 remediation or disposal of Hazardous
Material or Hazardous Waste in or about the Premises
 including any mechanics&rsquo; liens and any so-called state
 federal or
local &ldquo;superfund&rdquo; lien relating to such matters.

Section
25 - Americans With Disabilities Act
 the Premises will comply with all
applicable codes
 including the ADA (as defined below) and OSHA. After the Commencement Date
 Tenant shall comply with all applicable
provisions of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (&ldquo;ADA&rdquo;) and the regulations promulgated thereunder. Tenant
hereby expressly assumes all responsibility for compliance with the ADA relating to the Premises and the activities conducted
by Tenant within the Premises. Any alterations to the Premises made by Tenant for the purpose of complying with the ADA or which
otherwise require compliance with the ADA shall be done in accordance with this Lease; provided
 that Landlord&rsquo;s consent
to such alterations shall not constitute either Landlord&rsquo;s assumption in whole or in part
 of Tenant&rsquo;s responsibility
for compliance with the ADA
 or representation or confirmation by Landlord that such alterations comply with the provisions of
the ADA.

Section
26 - Default
to the Tenant that the same is due and payable: or (ii) Tenant defaults in the performance or observance of any other covenant
or condition in this Lease and such default remains unremedied for ten (10) days
 after written notice thereof has been given
to Tenant by Landlord; provided
 however
 the Tenant shall not be in terminable default if such non monetary default is incapable
of being remedied within the ten (10) day period
 and
 if Tenant has commenced a cure within said ten (10) day period and thereafter
prosecutes the cure diligently to completion
 or (iii) Tenant makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 files a voluntary
petition in bankruptcy
 is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt
 petitions or applies to any tribunal for any receiver or any trustee
of or for Tenant of any substantial part of its property
 commences any proceeding relating to Tenant or any substantial part
of its property under any reorganization
 arrangement
 readjustment of debt
 dissolution or liquidation law or statute of any
jurisdiction
 whether now or hereafter in effect
 or there is commenced against Tenant any such proceeding which remains undismissed
for a period of sixty (60) days
 or any order approving the petition in any such proceeding is entered
 or Tenant by any act indicates
its consent to
 or acquiescence in any such proceeding or the appointment of any receiver of or trustee for Tenant of any substantial
part of its property
 or suffers any such receivership or trusteeship to continue undischarged for a period of sixty (60) days
then in any of such events. Landlord may immediately or at any time thereafter and without demand terminate this Lease by written
notice to Tenant thereof or
 without demand or notice enter upon the Premises or any part thereof in the name of the whole and
repossess the same as of Landlord&rsquo;s former estate and expel Tenant and those claiming through or under Tenant and remove
their effects forcibly
 if necessary
 without being deemed guilty of any manner of trespass and without prejudice to any remedies
which might otherwise be used for arrears of rent or preceding breach of covenant. Upon such termination notice or entry this
Lease shall terminate
 and Tenant covenants that
 in case of such termination by reason of the default of Tenant
 Tenant shall
remain and continue liable to Landlord in an amount equal to the total rent reserved for the balance of the term hereof plus all
additional rent reserved for the balance of the term hereof less the net amounts (after deducting the expenses of repair
 renovation
or demolition and attorneys fees and leasing commissions) which Landlord realizes from the reletting of the Premises. As used
in this Section
 the term &ldquo;additional rent&rdquo; means the obligations of Tenant under Section 4 and the value of all considerations
other than rent agreed to be paid or performed by Tenant hereunder
 including
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing
taxes
 assessments and insurance premiums. Landlord shall have the right from time to time to relet the Premises upon such terms
as it may deem fit
 and if a sufficient sum shall not be thus realized to yield the net rent required under this Lease
 Tenant
agrees to satisfy and pay all deficiencies as they may become due during each month of the remaining term of this Lease. Nothing
herein contained shall be deemed to require Landlord to await the date whereon this Lease
 or the term hereof
 would have expired
had there been no default by Tenant
 or no such termination or cancellation. Tenant expressly waives service of any notice of
intention to reenter and waives any and all right to recover or regain possession of the Premises
 or to reinstate or redeem this
Lease as may be permitted or provided for by or under any statute or law now or hereafter in force and effect. The rights and
remedies given to Landlord in this Lease are distinct
 separate and cumulative remedies
 and no one of them
 whether or not exercised
by Landlord
 shall be deemed to be in exclusion of any of the others herein or by law or equity provided. Nothing contained in
this Section shall limit or prejudice the right of Landlord to prove and obtain
 in proceedings involving the bankruptcy or insolvency
of
 or a composition with creditors by. Tenant the maximum allowed by any statute or rule of law at the time in effect. The Landlord
agrees to use reasonable efforts to mitigate the Tenant&rsquo;s damages in the event that the Tenant defaults in its monetary
obligations hereunder.


    
    


Section
27 - Expense Reimbursement
 Tenant
shall pay upon demand all of Landlord&rsquo;s costs
 charges and reasonable expenses
 including reasonable attorney fees and court
costs
 incurred in connection with the successful recovery of sums due under this Lease
 or the successful enforcement of any
provisions of this Lease.

Section
28 - Access to Premises
normal business hours for the purpose of inspection
 or for the purpose of showing the Premises to prospective purchasers or Tenants
or for the purpose of making repairs which Landlord is obligated to make hereunder or which Tenant is obligated to make hereunder
but has failed or refused to make. The preceding sentence does not impose upon Landlord any obligation to make repairs. Landlord
also reserves the right to alter
 change
 close or limit access to any portion of the common areas on the Property or to designate
portions of such common areas for use by a single Tenant of the Property.

Section
29 - Holding Over
 any holding over by Tenant after the expiration of the
term of this Lease shall be treated as a daily tenancy at sufferance at a rate equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the
rent and additional rent herein provided (prorated on a daily basis) and shall otherwise be on the terms and conditions set forth
in this Lease as far as applicable.

Section
30 - Notices
 request or demand required or permitted by this Lease shall
 until either party shall notify
the other in writing of a different address
 be properly given if sent by certified or registered first class mail
 postage prepaid
return receipt requested
 or by prepaid overnight delivery service
 telecopy
 or telegram (with messenger delivery specified)
and shall be deemed given on the day that such writing is received by the party to whom it is sent
 and addressed (if notice is
given by mail) as follows:



If
                                         to Landlord:
One
        Clark Street North Andover LLC
c/o
        Aries Property Company
 LLC

 Suite 200

 Maine 04101
        
With
                                         a Copy to:
Bernstein
        Shur
 Sawyer &amp; Nelson
        
        

 Maine 04104-5029

 Esquire



    
    




If
    to Tenant:
With
    a Facsimile Copy only to:

Comfort
    Foods. Inc.
Law
    Offices of John M. Cunningham
 Esq

25
    Commerce Way
 Unit 5
2
    Kent street

North
    Andover
 MA 01845
Concord
    NH 03301

Attn:
    Michael Sullivan
 CEO
    


Section
31 - Succession
 executors
 administrators
 successors
and assigns of the parties hereto. This section shall not be construed to give Tenant the right to assign this Lease which shall
be governed by section 16.

Section
32 - Waiver
 expressed or implied
 by either party to any breach by the other party of any covenant or condition
of this Lease shall not constitute a waiver of any prior or succeeding breach of the same or any other covenant or condition of
this Lease. Acceptance by Landlord of rent or other payment with knowledge of a breach of or default under any term hereof by
Tenant shall not constitute a waiver by Landlord of such breach or default. This Lease shall not be modified or canceled except
by writing executed by Landlord and Tenant.

Section
33 - Representations
 no representations of any kind or nature concerning the Premises
or any part thereof not contained herein have been made to Tenant either before or at the time of the execution of this Lease.
The Landlord represents and warrants the following:



    
    
The
    Landlord is a Massachusetts Limited Liability Company
 and duly formed and existing under the laws of Massachusetts;

    
    
    

    
    
Brian
    L. Gagne
 the Manager of Aries Property Company
 LLC is duly authorized to execute the Lease on behalf of the Landlord
 and
    upon his execution
 the Lease will be binding on the Landlord in accordance with its terms
 subject to applicable laws and
    ordinances.

    
    
    

    
    
Once
    the Lease has been approved by Landlord&rsquo;s lender(s)
 the Landlord shall not be prevented from entering into or performing
    its obligations under the Lease by agreement with any third party or judicial decree.

    
    
    

    
    
The
    Landlord holds fee title to the Property subject to mortgages and other encumbrances of record.

    
    
    

    
    
Upon
    commencement of the Lease
 the Landlord shall be in substantial compliance with applicable federal
 state and local laws
    regulations
 and ordinances relating to the Property.

    
    
    

    
    
Upon
    commencement of the Lease
 the Landlord shall be current on such governmental property taxes and assessments then due and
    payable.

    
    
    

    
    
Throughout
    the term of the Lease
 the Landlord shall maintain comprehensive liability insurance on the Property with an insurance company
    authorized to do business in Massachusetts providing coverage of at least $2
(MX)
000 in case of death or injury to one person;
    at least $2
000
000 in case of death or injury to more than one person in the same occurrence: and at least $500
000 in case
    of loss
 destruction or damage to property.


Section
34 - Brokerage
 salesman
or finder in connection with the transaction resulting in this Lease other than Cushman &amp; Wakefield
 whose commission will
be paid by Landlord pursuant to a separate agreement among the Parties. Tenant shall indemnify and hold Landlord and Cushman &amp;
Wakefield harmless from any claims by parties other than Cushman &amp; Wakefield for commissions due with respect to this Lease
such indemnification to include attorneys&rsquo; fees and incurred in connection with defending any such claims.


    
    


Section
35 - Governing Law

Section
36 - Jury Trial Waiver
 TENANT
 FOR ITSELF AND ITS SUCCESSORS AND
ASSIGNS HEREBY KNOWINGLY
 WILLINGLY
 AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TENANT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY EVICTION
ACTION OR ANY OTHER PROCEEDING BROUGHT BY LANDLORD
 OR LANDLORD&rsquo;S SUCCESSORS AND/OR ASSIGNS BASED UPON OR RELATED TO THE
PROVISIONS OF THIS LEASE.

Section
37 - Force Majeure
 including
 without limitation
 electric current or water to be furnished
by Landlord to Tenant
 or obligations to be performed by Landlord hereunder
 Landlord shall in no event be liable for failure
to furnish or perform the same when ( and the date for performance of the same shall be postponed so long as Landlord is) prevented
from doing so by strike
 lockout
 breakdown
 accident
 order or regulation of or by any governmental authority
 or failure of
supply
 or inability by the exercise of reasonable diligence to obtain supplies
 parts or employees necessary to furnish such
services
 or perform such obligations or because of war or other emergency
 or for any cause beyond Landlord&rsquo;s obligations
or because of war or other emergency
 or for any cause beyond Landlord&rsquo;s reasonable control
 or for any cause due to any
act or neglect of Tenant or Tenant&rsquo;s servants
 agents
 employees
 licensees
 invitees or any perform claiming by
 through
or under Tenant.

Section
38 - Invalidity of Particular Provisions
or circumstance shall
 to any extent
 be held to be invalid or unenforceable
 the remainder of this Lease
 or the application
of such terms or provisions to persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is held invalid or unenforceable
 shall
not be affected thereby
 and each term and provision of this Lease shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted
by law.

Section
39 - Recording
 but each party hereto agrees
 on the request of the other
 to
execute a so-called memorandum of lease or short form lease. In no event shall such document set forth the rent or other charges
payable by Tenant under this Lease; and any such document shall expressly state that it is executed pursuant to the provisions
contained in this Lease and is not intended to vary the terms and conditions of this Lease.

Section
40 - Status Report
 such as accountants
 banks
mortgagees or the like
 the then current status of performance hereunder
 Tenant
 on the request of Landlord made from time to
time
 will within ten (10) days furnish to Landlord
 or the holder of any mortgage encumbering the Premises
 as the case may be
a statement of the status of any matter pertaining to this Lease
 including without limitation
 acknowledgments that (or the extent
to which) each party is in compliance with its obligations under the terms of this Lease.

Section
41 - Option to Extend
 Tenant shall have the option to extend the
term of this Lease for a period of five (5) years commencing on the expiration of the original term
 upon all the terms and conditions
of this Lease except for this provision relating to extension of the term
 which may only be exercised once. Base Rent during
the extended term shall be at the then current market rate
 as determined below but in no event lower than the highest annual
rent per square foot rate scheduled to be in effect during the last year of the original term. Tenant may exercise its option
to extend only if Tenant (i) is not then in default in performance or observance of any term or condition of this Lease
 and (ii)
is occupying the entire Premises subject to this Lease
 and (iii) has neither sublet nor assigned any interest in this Lease or
in the Premises to any party. Tenant may exercise its said option only by delivering notice of its intent to extend the term hereof
to Landlord at least one (1) year in advance of the expiration of the original term
 but no more than eighteen (18) months prior
to the expiration of the original term
 failing which said option shall utterly expire
 time being of the essence. Within thirty
(30) days after the Tenant&rsquo;s exercise of its option. Landlord shall furnish Tenant in writing with notice of Landlord&rsquo;s
determination of the amount of Base Rent for the extended term. Within thirty (30) days after the date of Landlord&rsquo;s said
notice of the amount of Base Rent Tenant may either accept Landlord&rsquo;s determination or elect to determine the current market
rate by appraisal. If Tenant elects appraisal
 each of the parties shall
 within thirty (30) days thereafter
 select an appraiser
each of whom shall have at least five (5) years of experience in appraising commercial properties in the greater Boston area
and the two appraisers shall together select a third appraiser similarly qualified. The three appraisers together shall attempt
to agree on the current market rate of Base Rent for the extended term
 failing a unanimous decision
 may determine such figure
by majority vote. Landlord and Tenant shall share equally the charges for the appraisers for their work performed pursuant to
this paragraph unless the current market rate so determined by appraisal is equal to or greater than the Base Rent originally
determined by Landlord
 in which case all appraisal costs shall be paid by Tenant. Following the exercise by Tenant of its option
to extend the term hereof
 all references in this Lease to the term hereof
 or expressions of similar import
 shall be deemed
to refer to the term as so extended.


    
    


Section
42 - Miscellaneous Matters
lease
 or a reservation of
 or option for
 the Premises
 and this document shall become effective and binding only upon the execution
and delivery hereof by both Landlord and Tenant. Employees or agents of Landlord or Tenant have no authority to make or agree
to make a Lease or any other agreement or undertaking in connection herewith. All negotiations
 considerations
 representations
and understandings between Landlord and Tenant are incorporated herein and supersede all written and oral agreements relating
to this Lease and may be modified or altered only by agreement in writing between Landlord and Tenant
 and no act or omission
of any employee or agent of Landlord shall alter
 change
 or modify any of the provisions hereof. All rights
 obligations and
liabilities herein given to
 or imposed upon
 the respective parties hereto shall extend to and bind the several respective heirs
executors
 administrators
 trustees
 receivers
 legal representatives
 successors and assigns of the said parties; and if there
shall be more than one tenant or landlord
 they shall all be bound jointly and severally by the terms
 covenants and agreements
herein. No rights
 however
 shall insure to the benefit of any assignee
 legal representative
 trustee
 receiver
 legatee or other
personal representative of Tenant unless the assignment to any such party has been approved by Landlord in writing. All Exhibits
are integral to this Lease. Captions of sections and subsections are for convenience only and shall be deemed irrelevant in construing
this Lease.

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Lease to be executed and delivered as of the day and year first above written.



    
ONE
    CLARK STREET NORTH ANDOVER LLC

    
    

    
By:
    ARIES CLARK STREET LLC
 its Manager 

    
By:
    ARIES PROPERTY COMPANY
 LLC

    
Its
    Sole Member

    
    

    
    
/s/
    Brian A. Gagne

    
Name:
    
Brian
    A. Gagne

    
    
Its
    Manager
 thereunto duly authorized




    
    
/s/
    Michael J. Sullivan

    
Name:
    
Michael
    J. Sullivan

    
Its:
    
CEO
    thereunto duly authorized



    
    


GUARANTY
OF LEASE

For
value received
 and in consideration for
 and as an inducement to Landlord to enter into the foregoing Lease with Tenant
 the
undersigned (&ldquo;Guarantor&rdquo;) does unconditionally guaranty to Landlord the complete and due performance of each and every
agreement
 covenant
 term and condition of the Lease to be performed by Tenant
 including without limitation the full and punctual
payment of all sums of money stated in the Lease to be payable by Tenant. The validity of this guaranty and the obligations of
Guarantor shall not be terminated
 affected
 or impaired by reason of the granting by Landlord of any indulgences to Tenant. This
guaranty shall remain and continue in full force and effect as to any renewal
 amendment
 modification
 or extension of the Lease
whether or not Guarantor shall have received any notice of or consented to such renewal
 amendment
 modification or extension
consent or notice of and to Guarantor not being required in any event. The liability of Guarantor under this guaranty shall be
primary
 and in any right of action which shall accrue to Landlord under the Lease
 Landlord may proceed against Guarantor and
Tenant
 jointly and severally
 and may proceed against Guarantor without having commenced any action against or having obtained
any judgment against Tenant. Guarantor hereby waives notice of acceptance of this Guaranty by Landlord
 notice of default by Tenant
under the Lease
 and all suretyship and guarantorship defenses generally. Failure of Landlord to insist upon strict performance
or observance of any of the terms
 provisions or covenants of the Lease and/or this Guaranty or to exercise any right therein
contained shall not be construed as a waiver or relinquishment or the failure of any such term
 provisions
 covenant
 or rights
and the same shall continue and remain in full force and effect. Receipt by Landlord of rent with knowledge of the breach of any
provision of the Lease and/or this Guaranty shall not be deemed a waiver of such breach. Further Guarantor covenants and agree
that it shall not be released from the obligations of this Guaranty
 nor shall said obligations be diminished or otherwise affected
(a) by the acceptance by Landlord of any security for the punctual and full payment of said rent or the punctual and full performance
and observance of said Tenant obligations
 or the release
 surrender
 substitution or modification of any security from time to
time held by Landlord
 or by any act or omission to act by Landlord with respect to any such security
 or (b) by any other matter
whatsoever whereby Guarantor would or might be released
 it being the intent hereof that Guarantor shall at all times be and remain
jointly and severally liable with Tenant to Landlord for the performance of all the terms
 conditions and provisions in the Lease
contained on the part of the Tenant to be performed. The liability of Guarantor hereunder shall in no way be affected by: (a)
the release or discharge of Tenant or any creditors&rsquo; receivership
 bankruptcy
 or other proceedings; (b) the impairment
limitation
 or modification of the liability of Tenant
 or the estate of the Tenant in bankruptcy
 or any remedy for the enforcement
of Tenant&rsquo;s liability under the Lease
 resulting from the operation of any present or future provision of any bankruptcy
or insolvency law
 or other statute
 or from the decision of any court; (c) the rejection or disaffirmance of the Lease in any
such proceedings; (d) the assignment or the transfer of the Lease or any interest therein by Tenant; (e) any disability or other
defense of Tenant; or (e) the cessation from any cause whatsoever of the liability of Tenant. Guarantor further agrees to pay
all costs
 legal expenses and attorneys&rsquo; fees incurred or paid by Landlord in the enforcement of this Guaranty. Guarantor
hereby agrees that if any of its obligations hereunder shall be held to be unenforceable
 the remainder of this Guaranty and its
application to all obligations other than those held unenforceable
 shall not be affected thereby and shall remain in full force
and effect. All of the terms and provisions of this Guaranty shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of Landlord
and shall be binding upon the successors and assigns of Guarantor. Guarantor agrees that guarantor shall not have and hereby waives
(i) any right to subrogation or indemnification
 any other right to payment from or reimbursement by Tenant
 in connection with
or as a consequence of any payment made by Guarantor hereunder; (ii) any right to enforce any right or remedy which guarantor
has or may hereafter have against; and (iii) any benefits of. and any right to participate in
 (a) any collateral now or hereafter
held by Tenant or any other Guarantor of Tenant and (b) any payment to Landlord by
 or collection by Landlord from Tenant or any
other Guarantor.

Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary
 at the end of the third full Lease Year after the Commencement Date
 the Landlord will release
the Guarantor from his personal liability under this Guaranty of Lease by notifying the Guarantor in writing if
 after a review
of the Tenant&rsquo;s financial records by Landlord
 which records the Tenant agrees to provide to the Landlord and Landlord&rsquo;s
lender(s) on a confidential basis in such detail as is reasonably requested by Landlord
 the Tenant&rsquo;s financial strength
and profitability has not deteriorated and is equal to or better than the Tenant&rsquo;s financial condition on the commencement
date.



Dated
    as of 12/5
 2000
    

    
    

    
/s/
    Michael J. Sullivan

    
Michael
    J. Sullivan



    
    


EXHIBIT
A

DEPICTION
OF PREMISES


    
    




    
    


EXHIBIT
B

SPECIFICATIONS
FOR LANDLORD&rsquo;S WORK


    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    


EXHIBIT
B-1

CONCEPTUAL
FLOOR PLAN


    
    


LEASE
SUBORDINATION
 NON-DISTURBANCE


This
Lease Subordination
 Non-Disturbance of Possession and Attornment Agreement (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Subordination
 Non-Disturbance
 day of December
 2000
 among Fleet
National Bank
 a national banking association
 having a place of business at One Federal Street
 Boston
 Massachusetts 02110 (hereinafter
the &ldquo;Lender&rdquo;)
 One Clark Street North Andover LLC
 a Massachusetts limited liability company with offices c/o Aries
Property Company
 LLC
 121 Middle Street
 Portland
 Maine 04101 (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Landlord&rdquo; or &ldquo;Borrower&rdquo;)
and Comfort Foods. Inc.
 a Massachusetts corporation with a place of business at (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Tenant&rdquo;).

Introductory
Provisions

A.
Lender is relying on this Agreement as an inducement to Lender in making and maintaining a loan (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Loan&rdquo;)
secured by
 among other things
 a Construction Mortgage and Security Agreement dated as of __________
 2000 (hereinafter
 the
&ldquo;Mortgage&rdquo;) given by Borrower covering property commonly known as and numbered One Clark Street
 North Andover
 Massachusetts
(hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Property&rdquo;). Lender is also the &ldquo;Assignee&rdquo; under a Collateral Assignment of Leases and
Rents (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Assignment&rdquo;) dated as of ___________
 2000
 from Borrower with respect to the Property.

B.
Tenant is the tenant under that certain lease (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;) dated 12/06/2000
 made with Landlord
 covering
certain premises (hereinafter
 the &ldquo;Premises&rdquo;) at the Property as more particularly described in the Lease.

C.
Lender requires
 as a condition to the making and maintaining of the Loan
 that the Mortgage be and remain superior to the Lease
and that Lender&rsquo;s rights under the Assignment be recognized.

D.
Tenant requires as a condition to the Lease being subordinate to the Mortgage that its rights under the Lease be recognized.

E.
Lender
 Landlord
 and Tenant desire to confirm their understanding with respect to the Mortgage and the Lease.

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing
 the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein
 and other valuable consideration
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged
 and with the understanding by Tenant that Lender shall rely hereon
in making and maintaining the Loan
 Lender
 Landlord
 and Tenant agree as follows:



    
    
.
    The Lease and the rights of Tenant thereunder are subordinate and inferior to the lien of the mortgage and any amendment
    renewal
 substitution
 extension or replacement thereof and each advance made thereunder as though the Mortgage
 and each
    such amendment
 renewal
 substitution
 extension or replacement were executed and recorded
 and the advance made
 before the
    execution of the Lease.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    So long as Tenant is not in default (beyond any period expressed in the Lease within which Tenant may cure such default) in
    the payment of rent or in the performance or observance of any of the terms
 covenants or conditions of the Lease on Tenant&rsquo;s
    part to be performed or observed
 (i) Tenant&rsquo;s occupancy of the Premises shall not be disturbed by Lender in the exercise
    of any of its rights under the Mortgage during the term of the Lease
 or any extension or renewal thereof made in accordance
    with the terms of the Lease
 and (ii) Lender will not join Tenant as a party defendant in any action or proceeding for the
    purpose of terminating Tenant&rsquo;s interest and estate under the Lease because of any default under the Mortgage.



    
    




    
    
Attornment
    and Certificates
 or if the Property
    or the Premises are sold pursuant to the power of sale under the Mortgage
 Tenant shall attorn to Lender
 or a purchaser upon
    any such foreclosure sale
 and shall recognize Lender
 or such purchaser
 thereafter as the Landlord under the Lease. Such
    attornment shall be effective and self operative without the execution of any further instrument. Tenant agrees
 however
    to execute and deliver at any time and from time to time
 upon the request of any holder(s) of any of the indebtedness or
    other obligations secured by the Mortgage
 or upon request of any such purchaser
 (a) any instrument or certificate which
    in the reasonable judgment of such holder(s)
 or such purchaser
 may be necessary or appropriate in any such foreclosure proceeding
    or otherwise to evidence such attornment
 and (b) an instrument or certificate regarding the status of the Lease
 consisting
    of statements
 if true (and if not true
 specifying in what respect)
 (i) that the Lease is in full force and effect
 (ii)
    the date through which rentals have been paid
 (iii) the duration and date of the commencement of the term of the Lease
 (iv)
    the nature of any amendments or modifications to the Lease
 (v) that no default
 or state of facts
 which with the passage
    of time
 or notice
 or both
 would constitute a default
 exists on the part of either party to the Lease
 and (vi) the dates
    on which payments of additional rent
 if any
 are due under the Lease.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    If Lender exercises any of its rights under the Assignment or the Mortgage
 or if Lender shall succeed to the interest of
    Landlord under the Lease in any manner
 or if any purchaser acquires the Property
 or the Premises
 upon or after any foreclosure
    of the Mortgage
 or any deed in lieu thereof
 Lender or such purchaser
 as the case may be
 shall have the same remedies by
    entry
 action or otherwise in the event of any default by Tenant (beyond any period expressed in the Lease within which Tenant
    may cure such default) in the payment of rent or in the performance or observance of any of the terms
 covenants and conditions
    of the Lease on Tenant&rsquo;s part to be paid
 performed or observed that the Landlord had or would have had if Lender or
    such purchaser had not succeeded to the interest of the present Landlord. From and after any such attornment
 Lender or such
    purchaser shall be bound to Tenant under all the terms
 covenants and conditions of the Lease
 and Tenant shall
 from and
    after such attornment to Lender
 or to such purchaser
 have the same remedies against Lender
 or such purchaser
 for the breach
    of an agreement contained in the Lease that Tenant might have had under the Lease against Landlord
 if Lender or such purchaser
    had not succeeded to the interest of Landlord. 
 
 that Lender or such purchaser shall only be
    bound during the period of its ownership
 and that in the case of the exercise by Lender of its rights under the Mortgage
    or the Assignment
 or any combination thereof
 or a foreclosure
 or deed in lieu of foreclosure
 all Tenant claims shall be
    satisfied only out of the interest
 if any
 of Lender
 or such purchaser
 in the Property
 and Lender and such purchaser shall
    not be (a) liable for any act or omission of any prior landlord (including the Landlord); or (b) liable for or incur any obligation
    with respect to the construction of the Property or any improvements of the Premises or the Property; or (c) subject to any
    offsets or defenses which Tenant might have against any prior landlord (including the Landlord); or (d) bound by any rent
    or additional rent which Tenant might have paid for more than the then current rental period to any prior landlord (including
    the Landlord); or (e) bound by any amendment or modification of the Lease
 or (f) except for any assignment or sublet permitted
    under the Lease as to which Landlord&rsquo;s consent is not required
 bound by tiny assignment or sublet
 made without Lender&rsquo;s
    prior written consent; or (g) bound by or responsible for any security deposit not actually received by Lender; or (h) liable
    for or incur any obligation with respect to any breach of warranties or representations of any nature under the Lease or otherwise
    including without limitation any warranties or representations respecting use
 compliance with zoning
 landlord&rsquo;s title
    landlord&rsquo;s authority
 habitability and/or fitness for any purpose
 or possession; or (j) liable for consequential damages.

    
    
    

    
    
Rights
    Reserved
 nor shall it be construed
 to abridge or adversely affect any right or
    remedy of: (a) the Landlord under the Lease
 or any subsequent Landlord
 against the Tenant in the event of any default by
    Tenant (beyond any period expressed in the Lease within which Tenant may cure such default) in the payment of rent or in the
    performance or observance of any of the terms
 covenants or conditions of the Lease on Tenant&rsquo;s part to be performed
    or observed; or (b) the Tenant under the Lease against the original or any prior Landlord in the event of any default by the
    original Landlord to pursue claims against such original or prior Landlord whether or not such claim is barred against Lender
    or a subsequent purchaser.



    
    




    
    
Notice
    and Right to Cure
    Landlord to satisfy a condition precedent to Tenant&rsquo;s obligations under the Lease
 at the same time as Tenant provides
    Landlord with such notice
 and that in the event of any default or failure by the Landlord under the Lease
 Tenant will take
    no action to terminate the Lease (a) if the default or failure is not curable by Lender (so long as the default does not interfere
    with Tenant&rsquo;s use and occupation of the Premises)
 or (b) if the default or failure is curable by Lender
 unless the
    default or failure remains uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after written notice thereof shall have been given
 postage
    prepaid
 to Landlord at Landlord&rsquo;s address
 and to Lender at the address provided in Section 7 below; 
    
 that if any such default or failure is such that it reasonably cannot be cured within such thirty (30) day
    period
 such period shall be extended for such additional period of time as shall be reasonably necessary (including
 without
    limitation
 a reasonable period of time to obtain possession of the Property and to foreclose the Mortgage)
 if Lender gives
    Tenant written notice within such thirty (30) day period of Lender&rsquo;s election to undertake the cure of the default or
    failure and if curative action (including
 without limitation
 action to obtain possession and foreclose) is instituted within
    a reasonable period of time and is thereafter diligently pursued. Lender shall have no obligation to cure any default or failure
    under the Lease.

    
    
    

    
    
.
    Any notice or communication required or permitted hereunder shall be in writing
 and shall be given or delivered: (i) by United
    States mail
 registered or certified
 postage fully prepaid
 return receipt requested
 or (ii) by recognized courier service
    or recognized overnight delivery service; and in any event addressed to the party for which it is intended at its address
    set forth below:




    
To
    Lender:
    

    
    
    

    
    
Fleet
    National Bank 

    
    
One
    Federal Street

    
    
Boston
    Massachusetts 02109

    
    
FAX
    Number: (617) 346-4670

    
    
Attention:
    Commercial Real Estate Loan Administration Manager


with
copies by regular mail or such hand delivery or facsimile transmission to:



    
    
Riemer
    &amp; Braunstein LLP 

    
    
Three
    Center Plaza

    
    
Boston
    Massachusetts 02108

    
    
FAX
    Number: (617) 723-6831

    
    
Attention:
    Steven J. Weinstein
 Esquire

    
    
    

    
To
    Landlord:
    

    
    
    

    
    
One
    Clarke Street North Andover LLC 

    
    
C/o
    Aries Property Company
 LLC

    
    
121
    Middle Street. Suite 200

    
    
FAX
    Number: 207-774-0264

    
    
Attention:
    Brian Gagne


with
copies by regular mail or such hand delivery or facsimile transmission to:


    
    




    
    
Bernstein
    Shur
 Sawyer &amp; Nelson 

    
    
100
    Middle Street
 PO Box 9729

    
    
Portland
    ME 04104-029

    
    
FAX
    Number: 207-774-1127

    
    
Attention:
    Charlie Miller
 Esq.

    
    
    

    
To
    Tenant:
    

    
    
    

    
    
Comfort
    Foods
 Inc.

    
    
844
    Woburn Street

    
    
Wilmington
    MA 01887

    
    
FAX
    Number: 978-988-1228

    
    
Attention:
    Michael J. Sullivan
 Chief Executive Officer

    
    
    

    
with
    a copy to:
    

    
    
    

    
    
Law
    Offices of John M. Cunningham
 Esq

    
    
2
    Kent Street

    
    
Concord
    NH 03301


or
such other address as such party may have previously specified by notice given or delivered in accordance with the foregoing.
Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given and received on the date delivered or tendered for delivery during normal business
hours as herein provided.



    
Construction
    Obligations




    
a.
    
The
    Tenant agrees that the Lender shall have no obligation to complete the construction obligations of the Landlord under the
    Lease
 unless within thirty (30) days of the earlier of the Lender (i) giving notice to the Tenant of the Lender&rsquo;s assumption
    of the Landlord&rsquo;s obligations under the Lease or (ii) taking possession of
 or acquiring title to
 die Premises
 the
    Lender elects in writing to complete such construction obligations.




    
No
    Oral Change
    parties hereto or their respective successors in interest.

    
    

    
Successors
    and Assigns
 their respective heirs
    personal representatives
 successors and assigns
 and any purchaser or purchasers at foreclosure of the Property or any portion
    thereof
 and their respective heirs
 personal representatives
 successors and assigns.

    
    

    
Payment
    of Rent To Lender
    been assigned to Lender as part of the security for the obligations secured by the mortgage. In the event Lender notifies
    Tenant of a default under the Loan and demands that Tenant pay its rent and all other sums due under the Lease to Lender
    Tenant agrees that it will honor such demand and pay its rent and all other sums due under the Lease to Lender
 or Lender&rsquo;s
    designated agent
 until otherwise notified in writing by Lender. Borrower unconditionally authorizes and directs Tenant to
    make rental payments directly to Lender following receipt of such notice and further agrees that Tenant may rely upon such
    notice without any obligation to further inquire as to whether or not any default exists under the Mortgage or the Assignment
    and that Borrower shall have no right or claim against Tenant for or by reason of any payments of tent or other charges made
    by Tenant to Lender following receipt of such notice.



    
    




    
No
    Amendment or Cancellation of Lease
 Tenant shall not amend
 modify
    cancel or terminate the Lease
 or consent to an amendment
 modification
 cancellation or termination of the Lease
 or agree
    to subordinate the Lease to any other mortgage
 without Lender&rsquo;s prior written consent in each instance.

    
    

    
.
    With respect to any options for additional space provided to Tenant under the Lease
 Lender agrees to recognize the same if
    Tenant is entitled thereto under the Lease after the date on which Lender succeeds as Landlord under the Lease by virtue of
    foreclosure or deed in lieu of foreclosure or Lender takes possession of the Premises; 
 
 Lender
    shall not be responsible for any acts of any prior landlord under the lease
 or the act of any tenant
 subtenant or other
    party which prevents Lender from complying with the provisions hereof and Tenant shall have no right to cancel the Lease or
    to make any claims against Lender on account thereof.

    
    

    
.
    Captions and headings of sections are not parts of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to affect the meaning or construction
    of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

    
    

    
.
    This Agreement may be executed in several counterparts each of which when executed and delivered is an original
 but all of
    which together shall constitute one instrument.

    
    

    
Governing
    Law

    
    

    
Parties
    Bound
 Lender and Borrower
    and their respective successors and assigns; 
 
 reference to successors and assigns of Tenant
    shall not constitute a consent by Landlord or Borrower to an assignment or sublet by Tenant
 but has reference only to those
    instances in which such consent is not required pursuant to the Lease or for which such consent has been given.


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.



    
    

    
    
    

    
FLEET
    NATIONAL BANK

    
    
    

    
    
/s/
    Kristin A Clark

    
    
Kristin
    A Clark

    
Title:
    
Senior
    Vice President

    
    
    

    
Date
    executed by Lender: 1/8/01

    
    
    

    
    




    
COMFORT
    FOODS
 INC

    
    

    
    
/s/
    Michael Sullivan

    
    
Michael
    Sullivan

    
    
    




    
Date
    executed by Lender: 12/5/00

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


COMMONWEALTH
OF MASSACHUSETTS

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
ss. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 20

Then
personally appeared before me ______________
 a Vice-President of Fleet National Bank and acknowledged the foregoing to be (his)
(her) free act ant-deed and the free act and deed of said Fleet National Bank.



    
    

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    Notary Public

    
My
    Commission Expires:




STATE
OF 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
ss. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 20

Then
personally appeared the above-named ______________
 ______________ of ______________ and acknowledged the foregoing to be his
(her) free act and deed as the ______________ of ______________ and the free act and deed of said ______________.



    
    

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    Notary Public

    
My
    Commission Expires: 

    
    

    
    



    
    


One
Clark Street North Andover LLC
 as Landlord under the Lease
 and Borrower under the Mortgage
 the Loan Agreement and the other
Loan Documents
 agrees for itself and its successors and assigns that:



    
    
The
    above agreement does not:

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
constitute
    a waiver by Lender of any of its rights under the Mortgage or any of the other Loan Documents; or

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
in
    any way release Borrower from its obligations to comply with the terms
 provisions
 conditions
 covenants and agreements and
    clauses of the Mortgage and Security Agreement and other Loan Documents;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    provisions of the Mortgage remain in full force and effect and must be complied with by Borrower;

    
    
    
    

    
    
Tenant
    shall have the right to rely on any notice or request from Lender which directs Tenant to pay rent to Lender without any obligation
    to inquire as to whether or not a default exists and notwithstanding any notice from or claim of Borrower to the contrary.
    Borrower shall have no right or claim against Tenant for rent paid to Lender after Lender so notifies Tenant to make payment
    of rent to Lender; and

    
    
    
    

    
    
The
    Borrower shall be bound by all of the terms
 conditions and provisions of the foregoing Agreement in all respects.


Executed
 day of December
 2000.



    
    
ONE
    CLARK STRET NORTH ANDOVER LLC

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
/s/
    Brian Gagne

    
    
    
Brian
    Gagne

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Date
    executed by Borrower: 12/6/00


STATE
OF

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
ss. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
 20

Then
personally appeared the above-named ______________
 ______________ of ______________ and acknowledged the foregoing to be his
(her) free act and deed as the ______________ of ______________ and the free act and deed of said ______________.



    
    

    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
    Notary Public

    
My
    Commission Expires: 



    
    











begin 644 ex10-20_001.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  U 2X# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M*FXU2U?6+30]-N;V]E6WM;:/S))7^556O']'TW5_CPJ:KKDMYH?@SSV^QZ$O


T
MU6VTS3[33[=?NQ6DQ+^2U%KWAG3_$%MY%[;K-\WRM]UU_W6HYJ4M/WGQ&W
M2GK7*^!]0O+JWNK+4 /MNG3?9WF_Y[J%79+_ ,6NK-9R-HOF%HI*;06/HHH


MFRG9IK-6!TE6.WBMYI95C5&D^]_M5-Y@]*\M\;ZCK/B7XA67@[2;^72+-+$Z
MIJ=[:G_2/+
GEQ11?W-Y27Y_]BHO%W@O3?!WAS4-:T[Q%J'ARXL8'G.H76I3
MSP#;\V95E=E9?[U='LU[L92]Z1R.M\4N7W8GJOG4XMZ5Y=;ZYKOQ
^%^AZYX

MLMV/FB\]4VKMX^_\WST1PU27
X_%_*+ZU&



M)K$MOINGZ?$\\J6K;&5=B+\BHSNGS?W*U='_ &A)-/\ &&O:5X\L(? MDIC;





M6_BKSO38HOASXUAT2(

0*\ITWQMXZ\4:




NO*;5?-=]S






M[B=K6VM-+B5YM-L%=_NI][[Z;FV_-\R_W*NEA/:4O:K^;E-*F*Y9^SE[O4]@





M_ 64BIG3]SGI[!3K/G]G4W+/C3P+HWQTG^S];L5OK4,)8]YVM$_\+HWWE:N
MLO /Q
\(WC_ -B^-;;Q#I7\%CXDL_WJ?]O$7S-_P):]DVC/M2_PU$:THKEZ


?-&N6FL:CK$7B:TUGQ)I
M'BV*+[+]HA\+7#6C6N_?Y31
GS?-_'OJ+4HO$OCZQFT?QMJ&K7'ANX3RKFRT


MM_=;ROFKC-7U'1+SXN:!XN@GU*%[.QN-/N4_L*]WRJ[(Z?\ ++_8JW\&;RUM



SA:]'#4FW_:


begin 644 ex10-20_002.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  , @
 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04



SWVF7NJL[;F_M#49Y?_9ZNV_[+OPNM498O!6EC

M_P#?+TFJ:;XV^'KPWVF:I/XK\/6YWWFFZEL-ZJ9^9XI5V;]H_@?[U6!ZW167

M


M_AUX:GMFN==\6ZC%XBUVXF^9]L6RX?\ \?\ *6OJM-OS[: 'T5Y5^T!XTUCP
MSX3M--\





\RGTR@!]
I]% #*/
I]


M:-$+C4IO*EBMY)-JR^5*K[/^!;*;\&?BQX:^(6CO::*ITR_TW;;7FCS1^5+:

M5XUI?@_XG^ ;58-$\2Z=XTT]/NP^)$:*[_W%N(O_ &9:T_\ A:GB7P[:O)XI

O_PT/X#\57?V.T\16]OJ&[:U
MIJM:2_]\R5Z2MPKJK(5=/[VZJ GJ%OO-]VIJ\C^+/P=UKQ_KNGZOHOC_6_!
MUU9Q^5Y5D^ZWEY_B3=]Z@#H?BAX^L?A5\.=8\0RHJQV,'[B%%^]+]U%V_P]

MQ?\ H
M'

LEN)+;PRR
O[UDE


M&XNGV;O^_47_ (_6'X\\CX5_&SP_XOB7[-I_BATT+57_ (?/ZV[GT^ZR[JU/
M@W9I??$+XJZ\0WFSZXMAO8?PV\2+M_\ 'JZ[XJ^#8O'G@75](9=T\L6^V?\


:/X:U/=]C?3
MK79
FW?$ZQ+M=?\ :J .[TG38-(TNUL;.)8K:UB2&)%_A15^6M#RZ\)C^(_B



'A'X=WUK8^(-76PN
M[I=T47D2RLR_\ 1J -[6?#.C^((O+U32K'4T_N7ELLO_ *%7F^I?LZZ9_:4N

M\

M^.U9\-_'QFFMM/\5Z3?^M8DE\I8M31OL[NS_(JW'W6W5GWG[2VFWEJ[:#X

M47R?-_M5('4?#&U37OV@?B=XC89^QM:Z+!_LJL2._P#X_7L5IJ5G?6_FV\\=



M  U6#2H&@71=1M_*WQ.GWHI67^]\K+O_ -NN^L_VC_%%WH-O'!\(_%5YXH\M
:EJ5S'8Z?:Q^;/<3-M1%KY5FN_$'
MCKX]?#7QSKEC_9WAV74;BUT6TD^\L7V=W2X?^ZTNY?\ OBO3-'^%'B+XD:M8





D[_NG_ -S_ &OX:Y/3


M?Z=/ &E@7?%+&Z


M/Q;'YT4
TEK^Z



7L\G]LZW)LLX88]WR_WF_NK\K?\ ?-:WB+QYH/A75-*T[5=1AL[W


!

NW[M?
/A_PT?V5_&V
?<0747]_;][S=[MNKF?AIXJ^(O@'Q_XP\3:Y\._
M$VH6_BYDNK/3[1A<?8]F_P1_F^3Y66M8@?8N]?[U.W5\ZV\GQPUW5/^$MM[

M2XLXHMOWDE7[[4P/8:*C7[BT4 24444 %5+BQMYY(Y98(WE3[K
F[;5NB@#S
M?6OACK&K:I=7D7Q!\1Z?%

M_P!_R--_^1:]3HJ.4#S+_A4OB/\ Z*MXK?\ [8:;_P#(M._X57XG_A^*_BK_
M 


K44<H'F:?#?QC'U^*NMG_


M O;;^%=2TCY?





M_P#BK--^;_J!?_=%2?V#XV^7=XKTAU_N?V$__P E5V]%


H55I]% !1110 4444 %%%% !2;:6B@ H

M1;J!429?]YPZM_P&O:*X+XI?#6V^)FCV
9N9-/U32[I-0TR_AY\BX7[C
O\
M$A_B7O0!A_%]7U+QM\-=

begin 644 ex10-20_003.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  @&!@<&!0@'!P<)0@*#!0-# L+

C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#WZC-!'%)2
M V*0$FC&:JZG=G3M*NKQ8_





M7:

#[6V/@
M 8SG+A1^1-/GU9X]&.HU*G@K&\BC()&.02.AS0P-+%*!BC%+0!$9D5]I.#V
MXZT\#%*0#13L 4BBE8!:*2E%
 HHHH ***#TH **0'FEH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BD)(Z#-0V5R+RQ@N0A02QJX4]1D9Q0!/1110 4444 %
M%%4[_48[%(]RN[RR+$B(


M!Z'''M5OM0 4457OKV'3[.6ZN&V0Q*7=L$X ]A0!8I*Y^P\76NHW%M%#:7:
M9C&7FC\L(X7=L(;!)QZ5T% !12XI,4 &*6JES?UNK:)XF*3L4$@Z*V
@'Z\



M/UWE@GVB6!XQ'3
C%AR5?C:!U/'XT 4=.
K^.(X?LD;+#NP\-UN_@4;W0]

9E&S:-W1QL!/4[:8%'0K
RO[E-)2X2RMD47QCDCN3'O.%&]N3@-UX
M!KKTGMO^$7=H+3-NL0<1R1-)N!Y^X2?IFLT_L^YTF./1Y&N%NF\F*#:A9
MPNXG)P-N
\D 5T4EX;'PQ#)I$;32*(@B

;SP_?WT



M.5R.: .M%+2BJ *!1BEH *2EI.] !2BDI10 4444 %%%% #515)*J 6Y) Z
MTZBB@ HHHH **** BBDR!UXH 6BD# ]*
^U T444 %%%%  **** BBB@

'%E/_ -<V


M^L
5JL\$+A4#8(FFYR#G^% -Q/KCTK0UG4A:0+#'(B32 DEC_JXQ]^3\!T]R







M**5\RW'E




%C9G/KG/S#\J0%J]


M5-^^:S



'\JJ6
VFW]C/;:18Q//(A




(ECNC9A+MYHRT*)
5*


M**** BBB@ J:.24!5D:/G)*]34W:@#% %;[%ZW-P?^VE(+%%Y26=3_ -=
M?YU:I: (XR02C9R._K4E%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )43*S3 AW5
M4ZJ,8;/^%34F!GH* %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BF.X0@$').!Q3Z
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I
TM% #%B122% )ZDAH4?JH_G=Z* &(I3*D


M5YR-L4;' =SP!]

M


MURG_  FL/!!TS)_Z?6_^-UF_V[L9)-
OM
M&.283?L\3?\!

G3VH CU#1[.\'B#5@'%L

=!67_ &8]B_F:6$B!
M8M);MD1R$]QC[A]P





M&
8Q@?






M%%% !1110 4444  HHHH 3%**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

%H Z$ 8'%


M3J* &&-3G(!R
'(K'T?']L:V%P
72#@?]


MYXH?#&IR
$[NT(8$CF9QR #GK0 W1=7*7

ME3!R]U;J
#_ILE2P'ZLNI26NS2OLZ3L3F24D!1[8!R:99QZG \:3Q6[1 8:4
M7+
_UP4 _E6L%Q2E01TI#/-[E[6;Q[&([.Q2Y%^HDE4
)6PK=3C![=*7Q 8[

M9COSO 7@J.2!M;(SSD&O1UMXT?S%C17P1NX.#UJN-
?+<10F#?O
M9F7=N/IC!'K7:WABBT[PY%\CPM=P!6<?
0$)R1CVJZ_A6QEDM':6YWVD;1Q

5QA
MW.#CM3Z BBB@!
4HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
4 (
M*6C%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+1B@ HHHH

N)0@Z  99CZ #DGZ5E17+VD=]Y4?F7$DZ1
M0IV9_(0\^PP2?85?LM


I+=1;8V'^\
@?0XI/%!*Z




U?\ D8Y  


3



EO[(L0Q

M@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@




-1O-.ATPV
N)I+Y4



M;W-V!&EZT(AR#AG1I%4Y QGG'/;)H SXY;V[CC:SMI=KZNLZ2I('C\K(#$D'


444 &*2EHI %%)0*8
MT444 %&*** #%%%% !1110 8HHHH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **2B@!:*




0'[


7

M[JD^I6M[*OVYX8Q%






D7_V4T ;7:BLE;G7

5U;H0?I3MP[X% T4#FB
M@ I*6D[T %%%% ]J*.U% !1110 4444 %%%% !12=Z7M0 4444 %%%% !11




#TH^E1+&XG+F0F
J $QP#

MVX_]&-_A6O6-X:8OIDDA.3)=7#GCIF5^*V: $Q2XQ110 AZ5A^$B3X=A/3
T



4M
MHZ444 8^F%#KNLE%P1+$'YSD^4#^'!''^-;%8&@D/J_B!P#S?*/RAB%;] '#
M^+G2+4=2AF4XU#2?LL)\R
;I

!**6BD E87B0?:]%MR2#-?KT/]U6;
M_P!EK=K U[!UKP\O'_'ZQ_*)Z0&_C%+24M- %%%%, HHHH 2C /4EHH 
48



M

M



MD\4 7O\ A*[0;=]CJR9&?FT^7^BU
A-;OT_G2 4<#FJM]J=EIRHU[=16ZN<*9'






MATO5/X;?^+_H-W/_ 



$-
H.=H]^N
M:UM1?RM-NY
9*0NV/H#3-('_ !)K'U%O'_Z* &+KVD,2/[4LN.#_I?XT[^





MTJ6BDI@+1124P%HI
4M !1110 4444 %%%% !BBBB@ HHHH 
4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %)2T4 )2XI
4M !1110 4E+10 E%+28H *6BDQ0 M% HH ****



M M%(.0*6@ HHHH ***2@ I:.U% !1110 4E+10 E+BDI: #%)2T4 -QZTX=
M*** D_.BB@ _.LF%1_PEER0.18Q#_Q^2M?M69C?\)-=OGY19PKCWWRT :=
M%%% !1110 4444 %%)WI: ,K51_IVC_]?A_]$R5JLO5(_





MINCK?37T7B#=.Q5F%];.T894Q@[F!+@

M/4XI=;N]-NM'M[1-6TX



]Q)

Q.#Z8XH K#P[?
M2

U<7J7C(G6;..UAN5TV*X(NKP1$JV 1M48R1D=1Z52OO%UIK/B![%


O$AU;^T;&5O(929(VNY)C





$^N

9(=.F@:W9+

M ?A0!%_9UBXRUE;DGUB7/\J8VC:6YRVG6;$=S I_I5ZB@#/.@Z0Q!.EV)^MN

M3W)JU110 E+110 4444 )1114@+124M
11<!]%(#2YH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** HI'*;
M2%9LL%(7MGN:EI
4 +11BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I.]+
M1B@!*/\ .*7%&* .5U'18=.\0'7X;='AE3R;Z(1YRO'[S'?&.1CH*IWVF6&Z

M4/;&

\M0[.
[F&#3Z BBB@ HHHH *C2&..6218U5Y,;V Y;'3-24@ HH
MHH 3%+110 4444 )12XI
4 8]XH;Q9I9[K;7!_6
?UK8K$N64^
[% XWBQF)
M7N 7CY_2MN@!:2EHQ0 E+1BC% !11BB@ %)WI11B@!**7%% 4M)2T %%%%
M *3O2T4 )2BC%% !2EHQ0 4449H **** BBB@ HHHH **** $I:**0444

M*'_(B7W;YH__ $
5XKX:TZTU'4)X[M08UM)Y%RQ7#+&2#^8H0F6%^(?BN/&W
M5[C_ (%M8?JM2CXE^+05*:I*6'4
B$'_ 

M7GTB!I6B0NP9A

$WZ$CJ# F/Y5;3XR^(XP0T=F

OPK\+R?=LYHN/X)V_K5)O@]X?=CMFO4'HL@_PHN!RT7QJUI0/


MM_\ 95$_P2F'W-;7_@5L1_)J+BU+Z?&RQ 0OI
VHW;9@=I_$IQ\:M'\Q0U



MT





MXH&?4F0!Z4M?

T5\U
M#XC^+ W&LSY_W$/_ ++5A/BEXLC4 ZB'(.
M!'G^5 KGT;17SP/BKXMW$_:X
MB



MH5 7/2Z*\^A^




T_V&WU


K@9/
M^?TH U%Z4M%% 57:[B6:2)MZF--[$QL% _WL8[=*LD(R.#UH $=9%#*0


N\TN:;68-1MIH8I8H'A/F1%\AF5NS#IM

MXD!PMII;#U^T2#_V2F&X\3*3C3M

'/:_?_XW

MG_XW6_10!S1U/Q4
_MO7<C'A2X_\X?\
M:5M=U=$_Y%:^+8/RK/1GZ[ZZB@##&N:@3_ 
BWJ@_X'!_\73EUR^P-_AW4



M:L.LHE0(L9B.?





5W%

^E)



_3/5?\ &OI*DX'H*8['


2

MN&_.5J -REI*7M0 4444 %%%% !1BBB@ Q1BBB@!**6B@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@!*
4M% !1110 E%+10 E%%% !1110 8I:.U% !BBBB@

G!N$S0A=3Z& (/O6'K7ABWU.ZCU1
MK34X1^ZN8AS_ +K#HR^U;B\\FE(S0

MOQR*Z4'(K/U?1['6K%K6_A\V+(8?

M^I!. LN/P^84 =?28IJ.LB*Z
&5AD$'(-/I@%%)2T %8M\&_X2S2
#CR+D_^




M90PVD9![5RL^EW_AR1KG0E\RP=O

ZV[!


MUC4)&7.(@I[\ Y_G6B.F*S[*0/J6HH$1?+=%R!R?D!Y_.M@#-U?1;;6K:.
M*X

M+74K*6TNXQ)!(N&7T]QZ4 6AGIQ^=1S1M+$461XB?XTQD?3(KF(K^\\
7(M=



44 %+24N* BBB@!,4HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!*HZ38MIUB+=W5R))'RJX'S.6_K5ZEQ0 E%




C\:0'/7&GZC

6&XB*Z/?/'RMC/
JZ?-CR[ZV<GLD





M[]K0!HT444 1SP17$+131))&PP4=0P/X&N9ECO?KK+TEQH:@F9';?):CC!

M)(7YN-/W85N^Z
= WMT-;6FZI:ZO9BXM6;;DJR

-&PZJPZ@^U %/16#:GKA
M /%VJ\^T
=;-9.ADM)JC$Y)OY!]



M444 %%%% !1110 4QHU:0/@;@
 T^B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** DI:2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2C&:3
M 

6(^F2:M44 (
TM+28H **6BE8#R3XTGY=(7


M8N -HP/:@(O]T?E2TM
#$USP];:S#PQMKN/F&ZC WH?Z@]QWK'T_5(X;PZ9X





MMV3!M;U
Y&0(@0/H?\:TJ 
]=T*9-D\9BD17C8896 ((]#U%(


M&8+GVP#5F:_L[:01SW4
3GHKR!2?SJP

MU[K$ERD=SI

1^]
MT' X]
 _\ ZZU:* *#7=X+22;^SY'F1RJPK(N67/!R


MW=LFD74-RMVPN$!5A&QQDM\W'X5T?VO$T\?D38B4-OV95_9?4USP\.Q:E;R7

MY_;






W00.3Q_LFH]'!&C6(/:VC'_CHH O4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M?P*BJWQH/_$TTD?]





_*QQU'OD5T









MI\\XH \P^-#8TC3!CK.Y_P#':H?!B-OM6IR'IY:#]2:=\:;AO
TJU_AVR2?C
MP*L?!=/]&U60C^- /R- NIZJ****!A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !BDI:*  44B@ HI** %IDC87TIU(1D4

#[N6UMO]$2




KZ%:ZO&ID!CN8CNAN8_EDB;U!'\JU** .3T[7KW2;U-(
M\2;3(1^ZU(#9#/Z ]E;VKK P;IR


M0B
$R1/B.-4'
$9Z 8KJJ8 *6DI: J4CV.IQ3V;/!.OW)8BP;'J.U69MYA

MTCM;.!(((N$C08UC6FEVVJV5W!=J7\N_F:%]Q#1-NX*GMBJWASQ:VN:Y=6R
MP.T


M
E[X3
DT0GO=&X'V907EMCZKZH/3J/I3 ZJBH+6[AO(4FMY4EB895T8$&IZ



C=U8=0:O%01@BL+5M$E



6V7
ORG# VTHVGT/RUC:/K
::UXAN;6TO;R-[J+ ABR0?*7
M)PQ!'05VVWC&!6#H( UC7QDDB\7.1T_=I3 /^$F(&6T+6E'_ %Z@_P C5JSU

D4V-H:!]PSZ


M(=4D2^MF%KJD /DWKGZJPZ,I]Z0BGX2ECL+6Z2_U;2IIVE49M)AMK&J 8[

M U;_P*K
#]$MK76YH/[.E
MTJY:V6XA,5TSLT1;!#;L@'@<NA\.VLEYIKRPZQJBHUQ


MKDTP

ME&V2)NX857DT_7=N(]8MCZ^99=?R85G7'AO5);TZH;^V_M.*/;;RQ0-&#_LR


]:YOP_=:Q-!:F2STR
M.Q9



_N+F:]W]F10MU*@50< 8!%=4:R/#P/V:]<C&Z_N
M#CN/WA']* &KX;MT WVJ#'3_3I2!^M/7174875M2 ST
H/\US^M:U&* 
S^



B0:BR31NUO?1<Q7
7#+['U'L:J:3K5Q'=)I&


#T(/TI@+6!


M-GC/0USWA;_A);VUU2'5;.XBNY%F@EM=R[^
MD$'G'%=!#J=RCII?B:PBW



Z

M8;=H43'O+



I1U!QP?2@;(=,KR./0UXSI%K
UAQ@$G!%(Y$FNVFOZA?Z
M19:?=PW
S131I/LV
AP'8\_

3'OZ

NGUC0@






M X+)G[R^A% &U2-R
4HZ#/6D/2@#Y^^)

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ /2DQ2

M%HHHH 444B@ HHI* %HQ24HH 2EK,U'5?L.HZ9:B/?]MG:+=G[F$9O_ &6M
M.@ HHHH ***2@!:*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH *
444 &*04M% !1110 4444






(9K1$MM9GBF0G9'JL6!!*V<;3_<;M@\'

@C!K:\77]OI_A?4+F



=5M$$M[-(/

@4HJC9ZE!J++9R)+
M 0=S!L,IXX*D9'XXJZ*8T444 %4]6)&C7Q'46[G_P =-7*HZRP30[]CVMY#

ZJ@7YIK4$XQ_MKD
/TKW3PAJ,3:+IEC(K1S_9$= W_+1,#)'TR!CK0.F%% HH ****


M(@0-Q!)/S$GJ2:EHHH Y[6T$GB/P[M!)6XE8X../*;_ZU=#7.ZNI/B_P[S@
MW!('?]W714 %%%% !2=Z6D[T  I:04M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %







191GJ/E^8



M.Y\]H)!;,BS8PAD4E0??'6L6]L_$%W8W-M)-IK)+$R'.IY!'7)KH*2@#'M



MC_@(H$B@/%5M@EK#5HP


MQC$MI&P_0@#9OCC3[D^D3'GMQ6;X14IX0TA6'(M(L_]\BLV[TWQ':Z/=XU

MO:?


MUDKXHT9F*B]4$=048?S%2?\ 0:1GG4;8?5P* -(4M9G_1:+G']JV?3/^N7

M_C0!HT50_MK2_P#H)68_[;I_C3EU?36'RZA:'Z3+_C0!=HJLFHV4@REY;L/4
M2#_&AM0LE&6NX 
9!
B\_K0!9HJLNH6;J66Z@8#J1(IQ^M*M]:L?EN(F_P!U
MP: +%%-$B





MQL( 9I-D;KD9')
C#'^R




MZ?



/=?[R^XK7QFLS5M%MM5\F


444 '2BDHH JZCIUI

M/KB@!D


MG]* 9\MNV+^8GYCO8X'KDU]/:8ICTNS0C!6%!C\ *^7T.^Y.?XF).1C%?4ML
MFRUB4]0BC/X41-124M PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2EHI* %HHHH *2EHH

!PBKE?.(ZDGKMSD =

M!H9XDDC88*L 15*(RV%U%:$L]M(N(68Y*D#.TGZ#CZ4 :14$@GJ*3:#V%.SQ
M10 FW'2C:*6B@!





M\-2+IFK&-;9CML;B10VY%4?*[8^\



)H&HL1]VUE/\
MXX:TL5E^)#L\-:HQ_P?27_T T ?/?A%6D\7:2 H/^EH2..N?Z5[E;+O\?7
AKIZ0@'K0!3TS4[75=/BO+1RT4@[C!4]P1V(JY6!J.BSV]
M\=6T4(M[C$T#'7(]&]&]&_.KND:W;:NLJQAHKB!MD]O(


T[@;E%


%@NVZQ$\;93Z=
-^=:GA]/+\.Z:FX
MG;:QCG_=%7I8(IXVCF19(W&&1E!##T([T *&!QCD'H13A7
WN/A:6V\VYT


MXN(DC4[G95'..^/ZU]41@K$BGJ% H!#A1110
0L 


M)P
A

U^9[?


4#)61P#BB+Q+H<P'EZO8G/0?:%_QK1
2



?02J?ZU+'





MI2DX!-8VE:Q+?:WK-E(B*EC
D:
H.2&0-SS0!M4E+10 F*6BB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!**

M*
4M% 5C^*Y#%X4U5Q@8M)1R,]5-;%8/C5MG@O5SC/^C.* /#_A^A/C?3-@
M!Q)DC'8*:]CB.L)K^M2V$%I*#)O[^1DQB('CG^]7DGPX:/QM9M+(B8W8+
M-@$[2 /QKVW0Y#+=:RQ&










MU$D4FUQ\LD;\/&W]UAV-: K#U+0YI[_^T+.YCMKI
&-DA^^

55


GAS4G3(9;64C'^X:IZ7X
MMTK4K02FXCMI1P\%PX5T_P 1[CCWJ'Q!K.E7?AO4X8-3M9)&M)0!'
K'[A[9
MH \&T




M



_O$O9XY(HH-P@@?JQ/&\^A
MQD#N,G-7;?3K.T&+:U@A'7]W&%_E5D# H S8L'Q)<8Q\MI%_#SR\G?\ M.L

EN[

5L-


/A7BE'



GKC/?- CT'3]3L=3B:2QNH;E$;:S1

LHP0ROW5NHHN!
:YGQ_(8_
M!&J8_BBVGVR1735R?Q(F

[Q7TLMSH
M1YCNY

K
MQ*XC\

ME #][EE' _&MY"@(! QT(Q0!SMOJ4^B76.LW!EB? M]1= HD)/W'QP&]^





MBGT  %+@4B@ II4'&1TIU%  4N*** $(%)M!&#3J* 
+6?#5KJDT5U&QM+
O&:].
MKFO'KB+P3JDGE!V\G;SVW$*3^1- 
\




[OPR
5&(-


M8A
C)6[8X'_?%;-% $)DE\Y@(P8P@*ON')YR
?@/SK';6-:0 GPU
W SLNHB
1V
MH Z044@/RBE)P

MVL1Q _P16BG'XL3F@#:HK(C_ +7L8







X!
M_E6^D:QJJJH 7@#TK'=MOC6-6? ;3SM7U(D&?TK;HL 5')&&(?HP[CK4E%



TF#CC<O1HS_=8=C[&@[BEI!TH.:8T5


$'D$4^DH Y66VNO


M'XXK'N?$


M0!*%P*6BB@ HHHH **** (9X6F*%9GCVG)V?Q#T-!A#K(LI#H_52. 




8 ^NX5U







[QQ)


M2=+DG
DD@GN)75I'#


MEIJ-P\$$=TKHNX^=;/&


M[L^3F3(!;/Z5T H SO[%M=VX2W@.

:T*6@##;0KXNOB+4
M0N?NE8C^NRK=IIEQ;-


M#\\B(A+\=\J0*JC1-2#$GQ)?D=AY4/'_ (Y6Y10!A'1-4R


(R6VN@()




MZ^R/


F17-O;7]LNW4(;B)8IT7.S<Z@Y'\0Z<'TJ]HN
MNS32FPU:(6FH)T4\)

MY&TAEW.WRX^O2D%SZP##_(HS7RS'XGU^$*5U:\VCI^]8X-7X/'GBA%.-:N22
M





202H5=#T(- $X





M1110 4444  I.]+24 8?B&0+=:

X/0]U(Y!'T.#5FDQGJ* 
VSU':ZVFH









MM%U#4I;^X%S]HD<.664@ XQP.E=2** .5B\!Z5#=VTPDO#]G97C7S, E22V


MU2VUN-HYK4&91N1I8@/
CS@
.W4$$#H:PM4E1TMM.6_DUBWFGC??+
%*


M+P=I:G&?(!_


\4 ?+GB
%<

C7 :

L?2L4^

N9(G6VBB
?3RXD




M;(R ?XJ .MHHH)XH *.WM5=KG
KQ0H7EC&2.BC/3G\*C']H&%B4M5E!.U=S$

M5.. T7./]BM2L.31K34-0N99Q*NXIM:WO)$R-HZA2


M]R.F: +%&1ZU@S^%UF9F75]7A+$G

^@((Q35\+R#;_Q4.M$C/_+PO_Q-
DW=S<-+%K5[:J<8B
MA6

[^(==X7:




MT9E

DE=T1&&Z#)W?0 ^M STZBD




M T (R J17%Z/=/9Z_P)I+?2YYV%Y''MAJ2-G7DC./ZUVI/!KFO##B35O$9
MV@?\3#&X=\(HH V+._DND=GL+FWV+G$RJ




M H @3Q'H\CJB:E;

H!ZX]
\'ZUE^



MK=Q7]I;VXBLTPI^8'


_J

M(T%T



_3Z'\J +5%&:* &NBNI5AE2


4T
MM%)10 M%%% !1110 48HHH 2E%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 G3\*K1ZE8
GK0!Z63V(I:X_PGK

T+L


QP !U)KSB?5Y;WQHL#:NWD-?PK'88 )3;G?NVYQG'&:[







M)'.0
CC/YTK7=RC!?L

MRQX(_#'K3G2ZN63

CPL%_L



QN8E\@+*Y9


MY6+2-$I9B

MBD^RV_\ SPB_[X%8W]NZF%S_ 
(SJ/7O+!_\73?^$@U+'/AC5
^TD!_]J4 :



$
FY[9PDHVD;6QG



MQGGBO1+?2D@
;?:+MV527N'8,3W()QFG:9IEMIEIY%L 6+LS'+.QZLQ/))




M^_UK1KEIO&T%IJ$EE=Z==1S1










M+08XQN2(CGMY2#^AK?KG?-Y]KTJ0PDLDAF\E(I
;B%51DX[UT- T444
M)2U'-,L!V!(+*O'N0/ZTL4@FB20 @
H89]Z 'G@5F:2=D-VSC!^U3$]^-QJ


M*=2=*6@ HI*44 %(:6D;MV]Z .?\(@#3KP#H=0N?_1AKH:SM&M8[6P9(XS&&


].M-C

M)G
*/!-Y0)4% 9
L.Q;G JUX?5AX?\0&=G!^RHK\

M?LLUQJNB6EU J3:?8L$(!A66/#



L4ABW
L1!
(#!$22L0LT;:/3)/-;M% '.?V7X
MF4C;XCA8#^_IZ_T:M&VU5;!8YK^)[H2 F9;< %<\C;GN.
YK2HH RM0M];D



64'S[SY:_/C[


M#_F)?^TDKI*YGPL-0\1$]#J;8_[X2NEH **** %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MK
M(DB;D8






MJ5
JC!(.
GDO_ .@F

M
U'*LA \MRO/. /3W'K4H(/0T4 48(K@6P\Z5IG+AOWZ*-HSG'R\?_7J#0HO
M+MK@XP#=3X'8#S6QQ6K5'2B3:
3_ 


P+XSS(W_ .NM






01UQA

_4A : .*U.2V_M#58TE60*75BR -$?-3.WYL
MDC/' SBO2P 5P1QW%4VTV-Y7:18V1QED\I?F;((8GKGBF?8]2W G4UVC^$6X
M_P : (?#EE:V&E^19A_*$\Q^==I!



M/]DU:L4\NPMD/\
2C]* )J*





D!9 Z%CP/F4D=2

$UT










M&=Y1BLJ/Q)HDJDQZM8L 

J21MT9&# _B*BU!@FG7+LS@+$S$I][@'I[T 0Z
B
M1V&$A$(
:V
^];% !32X5PF#D^@

M Q2XHHH 

9(8?DZG\ZV*J7UJ]S$IAD

\;!XW !P?

9]ZP

M;#[!X=OT#



MGPF_^)H V!P



]* +%%49M:TNWF:&?4;

M

'I0!T-)110 R6184W

MD*NI!V


MJIP#SWK7H **
44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%




LVZ
M5IMV 0&ZA@1^5=+J/AJXEU274M




1YR1W&.^0#Q7T%XG&- =4=H
.D;F*#48SM8A2
@X)'RL


'J/7_ZU3]L4 9&G2;O$.L)SB

'R4S^0JP1D4RW 6VB Z! !^524 5)S?@R^1'




0JY\L#&6

MQZK







M_E7?UYI\9SM\.V/#?\?/8\?=/4=Z /



GC&*BD^SI%.ZL\*W





4 /HI
^U+0 52U6:2#2
M[F6*WDN'6



MM7






MXHKF%X)D5XW4JZ
.#VQ69J6C7-^(1'JUS;)-I\I$)9O[W(.#]
5G6MAKEP
M) /$MPCQN496M(FZ=#T[C!_&@#J!A4 X  HSSC/-96GV&L6]SOO-82ZBQC9]
MD6
GWR#_ $J1[75OL







=O;R2%\$-
M5 3USM)S[8H L75W#:1&29PB $ECT&!FL6[U/5HM
N=0$
-O'$A:.*6-I)&'
M^T 5V_3FN?\ %&O:E]LLM%ETY[1YYMR2I()(I@BLP4' /W@H((_2I-1N;FZT
M*)[.]O71K1EN99X3'C(X?D !]W&!V^E*X&[;Z^Z:DMG?#RQ+Q!
87B61LX*X

H$PHVN J@.JG*9.5%=5X8\1?\


M&D8C]*UJ  4M)2TPBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBF.K
.&*\









M[;
MH=G4@R+FBP%SPU&(_#6G =/(4_F

MBB.UMR[TW]#C'0CIGUXK*TK55;5M(

M.XCATZX9Y4 :-@H8@;CM/ J+P\

R
'[)'_Z*Y'2+G^TOUVLEV5^PQ

QZ

M!CK6\1D8KS3Q)H-QH_B&[\1M=3S6TEI
CLYRT!*$*!ZKD^G% &CKFBV=MH-O




M

A_)57^E;E &;X@_Y%S4_P#KTE_] -+H
M  \/:: 

=N()2-QC(;H<<^@[T#+U%-!X


M* $K

[)U^T3@RG

*:-9(W4AD89##TJH-,
MF0G;JE]SCKY9_FE6UA<,I,SD!<8(7YCZGCK0!Q/B6^OO^F7


MG26NXI(IK^X:*0%6CV1%2/3E*?\ 8+G'_(5N\^NR(G_T@IXA

MBWVH#C@31]/SK8 KCO&+W.E:-;RR7T\\9O8%=3&@.-X/&U1SQ4$GBRRMYW5Y
MO$2



MGC- 'H:(IA5F4$[02

M
7OZU7T7Q]H.GZ1;0W
\Z2O)(S*\+90%V.3A0._ZT =KJ$#SVQ$=U);


JJFI*3(#C]VP




@^3



MXEBB085$& !3H84@B2*-%1$&%51@ 4^D@BEI.],!:*** BBB@ HHHH ***


M+-:$]U _@]NU.^'$;1^!=-# #*LPQZ%S74%0P((!!&.E*XR.UN8;RVCGMY$E


E\*Z#<2-)-I%D[L<L6A'/;TK'\!0+;_ -MQ+T%]TXX^1/10
9ST



8Y[GC/O76]


M+)%)Y+




X!'3('6NRP/2N
2XAVRRA2
MVX'//S \GC..E=J.E QSBEH 



M


FV5



M9 

_2N2^(+$V.E0*#\VH
M0LWRY 4









MR_C5(S#J%C^^E


M5)\


C$*[#A4[8(Q]X?I6A!I







1I


M+L(/R['./IDKUQ-Y,1=8WD.0 J#)Y./RKF+G3-*M'M9(_Z-)
[AA$L:O&1

=*Y
MEK?2+24PK9:NFTX#0BY*_@5.
,AR?FNKD_3]\W%:M<I%'8;EC@U?6(M[GA7QDG/=..2:DN;2UBEDE\2ZA;
MQPOM=WD0!20.2E #_'$FWPI?1X;


M;[1YZ;3%Y0'SY!W$^WM6'

M^L6V#]G6:[93@BVC+@'_ 'ON_K3$UJ+.)[2^M\=3+;MM'_ ER/UIMN-2MXEC


M]!M8\_7%/GU%H((I#974C/UCB4

MX=46*X0L
_O('0?F1B@W6+XIQ_8;Y8KF:'!_PVJUHRWJ0P-



M 2T4Q94?@



MU(P
]GW-U;DPW5HYBL9+CR9=0F=GEFC4


2B&=AE(

]G*9G9QB$;3@8!R6/.!74V%_:7MN&
MM+B.95PI




QQ74ASV^51Q



MSC.(V/Z5S'AGP]I%[X7TRYFTVV

ML=

LP&7*RLB1^S


MCDN5MYXUE(C#@

)?
M('\U0LFZ



MELAHXO+ 'IC)J[3 SX-+MK..W2W#QK;HR1H';: ?49Y_&J.CZ(D&FV@^V7)9
0-(X;=')RN !@9!P.
X]ZKVVB3V[L6UK4905(
M:D.G:C$A5M8EE/FJ^Z2%
[!U7@#KZ]:S
MM!NY1J=_ -)6!5G6-FC=3M^13\WKC-=..:0&-=V6NO/*UKJUO%&Q^2.2SW[!


M[\2+' [2Z1JZ*
?
(
5
MRN


MT2.Q/R!0Q^7'?CK7;6NGV6GJWV2UAMPQW

'T)ZZFAQG

:.1B/U _@#J  012T#I10 F!Z4


M(MN(5V!R3Z@YJ%=#L5QA)Q@_\_4O_P 56C10!132;9)/
7[1N!##_2).W_ J
MG-JAGDEW2[I$V










MI3A03':R




?S!KLKW3X=0B2.??L5UD
ACXJTM@C%%@G

$[D(PIP3QV/:H=
M5LM.M;1 P6&)4 8Y.


M 

MH 
7.K_ OMP0#@GU'/2KE &))X1\/2G+Z-9YZ<1 ?RI+?PAH-K-%-!IL<4








XX8'




M]ZL+6[S1M
T*P.F21[1=1NJQ






R)

XS@CIFN0N/$&N):V=X;ZSBM[F::
M+
M;


MZX%
#MZSY9X!KD%N7E\]K=W#[A4,H)/OT_.N:;QEJEP(I].T[DM)4W1R21
MX)_[Y)]ZIQ^+'35H-1U/3+Z%8[1XG$=L[?





MI_B'H%NP5KDLP!
B@K^[(.
M &]9_ZMA^Z_P!8^?+''WC^OK[U8K!T;5K1

5

76R3?Z

M*TLC!0J JV$)P3V_^M5V@!:R[F
/XBTXD#*03L/SC']:U*RI3_Q5%HN1G['


M+2RCZN+@I$84\TKA$SG @#MUK@_%


MMW85U9\5 V:
EG

D#D?-ZC - &U-J!$\D%O \\T8!8 A57

M(S
BNS


M6EMXATR#^S+/R6AG+#R1R1LQ_.NIK#O.?&FE ]!:7!_6.F V7P7X;F(+Z+9Y


MZDWEMN3-[(=K=

M P#X9EW;E\0:PI]3*A_FE-/AN^\\2KXFU
87&(B.O'&S&??&:Z&B@#?1-2




:ZTG 4M #619$*
 5(P1[5P]WX)M
AVVAV7D09+.WF2N




X]QZ58HH J6FG6UBFRU@CA!.3M'7ZGO7$:K\/].M8&DMOM;M)N\TF





)6%Q
MYAW';QUP#VJ&U\#:*]G#OA8OM)
T


M$!R'&SK7:MD D=AT%9NDW$=S+?&.%(_+N6C;8





SL)<L%S)@!<].IKME4*   
N/MH+JZTRQCB2]DNY)$9+.XB98UR;FPW




MK:M&X.V&8



MXP..
'FF!U(Z44#I10 4444 )BBEHQ0 E**
44 %%%% !1110 4A(S2UGZUJ
M#:9ILERD?F.%4,=J@DX!8]A[T &K:I#I5DTSJTDA^6*%!EI&Z  =_ZL2WN


XR
=* .LM+J&\M


T:G-=V^G
MSS6

*=2=Z8&8VNV,9PSS@C@AK:0?^RT_^V]/P#YX'U1O\*OXYSWI0
M/:@#)?Q-HT;;)-1@C8=5=MN/SI!XJT$G UBRS_UV%:K0QN<LB'ZBHS:P-]Z
M

RC'T^:@#3XHK+&A1*/EO=2
M4XQG[9(W\S6C''Y:*NXMM &6Y)H ?GU-+36!*$ X)'!]*Q5T;5$!^)+WDY^


T.;@_P7$9_F10!LYHK&;6KN)\2:%J7'5HQ&P_1ZD36P

M@=_$4-P8W

I3=MW9&
M
9[5.HY]P

M0T 86G:+%CSAJ]K=2+=1A)-^65/-+ 9R?F.=O&
@5VJG@YXKS32%O_)TNZD%


MR.

@VF6=&PTY/S;!W48P2?0CU
MK&N[)[/Q3-9Z9]I1EL(L.K2.=X9]JD@X 89^9N!BGV.F-JVM7L4]S+:3Q7*3


MABS@L
YAA&_

 'GZ5+XD&[0+A?4H/_'UJQI
R7$-PZ/*ZBYE3]X1
MP5;! QVXXJ#Q'_R!900.9(@.?^FBT :4L8DB9#G!&#CK2Q1+#$D:CY5&!SFG
.E<Q&A/Q*FDP
?V8%Z\Y\RNFH 6DQ[
M4=Z* 
_5]

M@ HHHH **** $I:2B@!:;)&DB%'4
I&

MXVC !0 /[A&!QTQCI6?J4ECJOB&X7$P-M!$PCC@,F]MTF5:,CG\0#WKM9H


=JZ*EHH ***3O0 M%%% !1110 4

P

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***@GN5AX 9W_N(

+Y/*\)ZB^<#RL9^I K;KG?'+;?%Z-H(?8A!SW8#M0!KZ;&(M
M8QR%A11



0#;#*N!C*W$@X]
M.&Z5J]Z0]#Q0!B+I]D-1:R1;U2L(D

M-JD6 _VQ-.).MNB;
=/F;G-7AT]* 
T:+$;W4#CUNW_P :T@
4M% %#59/

D 8!&.]9S:/K9RR^))E8_P#3K$5_+&?UJUK]LUWIRPH8









MYY7]#7JF!Z4;5!)C)Z\=:8REIFF6FF66EG;^1 O(CSG:?QS4&L@264UJ(9
MF\Z


V]B% );&
GWQQ0\4; EXT;ZKF@#(\+R6SV%P+:^M[




)FY&
M-K649 /KQBH(;36%U6]2+58&G6&$%Y+7.1\_8
* .HHK/TV+5(VE_M&ZMI@2

M3!P/W2'/_CU:6GZ@]^KEK&\M=N!BX0*3]
$T 7Z*2L[5-6_LS9FROKG?GBU@
M

5^H;IFQFX^ORT ;E&*Q





M03W.N2JRNC7YV
HX91&@R#WZ?I70T %)110 O:BCM10 4444 %%%% !1110


,UIK@KD'(['UIU %:7[5ME,2PDC'E
MAR1]<\5!VH%Q]HM[-$).]HYF) Q[J._O6ABFMQSVSSS0!B:5/J3:'9R1Q6\
M[R*78R7##OQCY3FM&*6]V.9K:%6!&Q8YBV1WZJ

]*E













PX:3;\ON
**R_$
U\0;B4U2SYX!LB2!GI]_P!* -JD;I5*1=2\N;R9[<.2OE[XCA1_



MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHQ0 E&*7%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 444E T4=J* @T4'I0!A2@GQM:X/V$I(^LB5N#@5B$#_ (3:
M
)CJ^JO(I%XQ&?4;!_7-:E4[*:.6:\6

M**** 
C5BS:EHZ(S#-T2=O3 C;K6L*K3S.ZMHS*$,C'$9+\9P#V]:LT %+
M110 R5ML;-G& 3FL/4KR5/!


MI$B


?+88]NN?PH
M OT444 %1S-MA=BQ7D[ASCBI*@O4:6QN(T^^T;!<G'./7M0 EFZS6D
J-O#
MH&W[=N[('.*L55TZ VNG6]N1@Q1*A[] !_2K5 !1110!QG@X#_A)/%397F^
M(]-U=G7*^$H&CU7Q)(Q8%]188(QQC(/X@UU5 !1110 4444 )TJ*WNH;HS
M)]QAD

4M% !1110





M+
$ )/4G J6@ I&Y7'/X48H;@9H P]*S!JFH+]KMW6:X=_+C.64@ '=GI@ ?

M Q['D4 =!1110!FW5K)+K6GW*JOE0K*)#GH6  Q^1K2%4Y' U2VC
:$F*1@Y

[7@YT#4 @)8VT@ '7[IZ5;LUVV-NN
8C48/TJMK4


J7@1
%B9)M:G+[U?4I0I/


M/NTZ@ HHHH **** $HHHH 6BBDH 6BH+:ZBNO-\I]WE.8V]F'45/0 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M)0 4




BK'JE[ 0[

M_L[[

M6XDT[2]U)A++)))



MBL8V.N#(3680





M1MB:I9LY.T*LZDDGH.O6FV=[9A)&#PPAI9.L@^?#%2WXD4 :5%5OM]GNV_:H
M

M2RP?VK;Q-+()6B=E0$[& (R3VR.
?6@[BBBB@!.]87C&X^R^%+Z4%E(@%3
M@C+*.M;M5-18+9

[1FG4B]*4=* %J.;_5/@9.TX

M7\&HVRS0

#L(
MXQ_2J
<B@QK/F
MC0]0


+C^=+2#H






//&B^6Q!W$@#/M

WP)D^#-
) !

]167_ 
(QHX(/V/I_TT?_ !H UMPSCO1N



V[BLS \=








M+0 F*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHS0 4444 %%%% !1

^$#NN_$;'G_B:R#./14K
MIZYGP9EX]9G*D&75)SR

\4


^Q*$XH 6TU;4+[7(0MIJ%O:^2^])8$\LN
M.F'W9'IBMK3T$=G&HA







MY^:AT!KB?Q!K=W-:&V

M

M@@P%W?QCM4LWA;0;F5I9])M&D/WF\H G\0* '3Z6\WB6SU1KI5BMH)(_)V]2

MFXN#_P1GKH:Q/0_P*9LV'\89^GJY/]:VJ %HH[44 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% "EHHH **** BBB@!KKO4@DC(QD4(NQ0
DX&
DTZB@!




MM064*VUC! B&-8XU4(3DJ 
 9[U/0 4444 9UI




M

MY KLM

MVTL/XMS'CCC%=+H-J;'0=/M65E:*WC0ANH(4 U0&D**2E[4 %4DB5=2N)@D8








7=FN
M%WO(QW


2%)')QQ0 M%
B+M&ID7:V.1G.*?0 4444 %%%% !1

M&.%)]J6HYR%@D)Z!2?TH S_#A9O#M@[DEG@5B3[BM2LWP^AC\.Z:IQQ:Q=/]



;E[B-4F
DQ11@X
M&

&







$DD#GJ:S7LK*VL+


1+M4MG:
=.:XNVTU(;'Q/8W5YYTA@


MPO+N





@3H


B?X?I0!NCI29H%&* 
^\UJV
MLM5L--E63S[[S/**C*_(




GBZWNA

ECLA^6S6;=M^?ER
9].* -44M(*6@ J










KY#?-#
M-W 8=OJ.E7=*U!=3L$N0AC;)22
G)C=3AE/N* 
36_$PTS4OL4Z26
)0$7
M\D!DC)]!@\'ZUH:?I5EY?VF2X?47D^83W#!QC_9'W5'T%:QC5E*LH(/4$5@7
2Z9.IRT<(_<R'_ &H^A^HP: *
F!\58 %'S:01UZ8E]*T?&D@C


M 

M2T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !5/5K(ZEI%Y8K)Y9N(6B#XSMR



M:\OF:3)&O5Y8EXY/
BUI*N.@XQBH+QPD2EI#&N]!D#.27  _$G'M5@=!0 M%


6%D$F1M )4E?7/ -

M)7!YO1T'3]VYK67O0 O:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!***
M:X?8?+(#XXR


M




4U2Z#9M[F^DE@(QAEX&X$

11[\U9UOQ)H
^A:A




$1;(]]M5K/1=


M*]HQX@L\XYSI_?/^_0!TE5KE!)Y(
0D E4\MC&#G/OCTK*2'Q.F=U[ILO/\



MBYSN O#A
9&_PQK*KNQG8A[$]-W3B
M@#I:*YA?&#EPI\-Z\/4FUZ?K2)XUA+8DT378VSCFP8^_:@#:2W!UA[@R?,L






4

MF:6@ KG?%:!QHY
B(8]3@8*W60Y(P/?G/X&NAS7

 @

M1+F*''J1EOP!K,?1))?$.EOK4T=_(WG.J-$/*B(X$:G^9)-:#Z%/ISQ2:#
M-]GB3.^RD)
+CT7KY9]P/PK(O-=



M7'RGC(9ORKK-+TVWTG3XK*U#B&(8!=BQ/J235H
A&X







MKR

9HC)
%4 ??.#\I_*KM9FI

((XI/M
;;TMPQ.&


.G]*Z4C_ZU9V@7+7FDI.41-TD


9^UR'^9K-?0[F36)$74M3C7[

M/YXQ_2NBQ2XH YW^S/$R*P&O6LI(P#)8@8YZ\-6?K$6H1ZAH:WUQ;3?Z?\IC

_VBI!/;Y30!TP' HH P*7%  **** BDI:
M,^\N98+W38X\;9YVC?([-F_FM7USCFLW4




M$Z[M+A]KVV/_ )&2MG'% '

HCNY;AMVV

M6_A-Y9[6\O[^\-U!$8\174A4

M.,A3GUP:U?0Q/X@;.=VJR\XQT5!_2G:Y*D^NZ#8HP:871N64=51(V&?89(

R+M4GS%Z#G'YUTN*YWQBVW3++_L(VH_\ (JTK =*6D6G8I@':BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BEQ1B@!!2T8HH **K7%X(%$
LCMG:$0D'ZGH*L#
MTH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *R-?1)-):-@=KW







MG78VT$Z:G?SR8\J41B/GL%Y_4FN#N--0+K)N[2XBOY=1'E
B%8VC9UV@L
#:




M4


MY$C1G=@%49)]!0C*Z*ZD%2
@CTK&;PAH#9_XED(R

UGPWI%A-HK6

MEFD


*ES'H
M19E&48 =P
 ]1G\*!#E;Q0& :'1V7'.UY!S^52^%M*FT3P_;:?/(DDD.[+)

(H5
MF\.:B&!)6W=UQU#*


PF1FMG//6J,]M%+JME.UN[O)-DH.!'D '(SSGITH O]J*0=*6@ JO






 NS8W+:8

H.T4 :%%)
M2T %58(XUO;B18DC!0SXP' SCZXR:M5D:;--+K.J1W 1XU6,MD+\@)Q^=
M&M12T4 )7+^) W_3^&




K$=_0BN@DTK3IV+3:?:R
3DEX5



-$9 )8X\

MO97M9@0&NYL%&4


MCLIUE@@68RF9]I#'  YSVH$8FB)%K6IZ=8QQ*EIHCS/
I'R^:798U'NH!/XB

Z%R!DDX;D\=36CI+1-I5M+LBQR
M1JZB5R[8(S@DDYZT#,+P]K=CJ6HW5AJ%NBWDWFLC)^'4J?TI;ZXU&:WGT^7

L6\J5H7*FXD(!*AAR O0X/








=H_$*NQ6;33'D[5
;@@=LG/6JUZ]U_PD.D#




TK8))YRPSP
XI
#5UO4KZR\4[;6.WCCEM(H9Y
M;CE4+.VTKC!/);(]LU9^W7=M'I^GV&L:=;Q062$S3_.MP1E2%Y' VYR#W%8G

SB4 1E0

M&) R@[Q[^M
!R7=O(P5)HV)Z!6!S3PX(R


ME0 * !@*P';K0!M;L]!2[A5.#3H[=8526X;R=V-\S-G/KGKU[U7;0T9B3?ZA
M@MNQ]I.* -3.:J6P07=UM

MQ]$LKR/4M4EFEN0K7&$
BI^\'EJ WCN#0!T0Z4M9T]I?R)$+?4S47:Q
*O
MO/K[4MO!J

MO\Z .O4!5  P 

IWJ








G]JR1B



MEU&_E\B42HDD@*[L$#^'T)H XCQ-:W-[XEO[2.2T@CN7A3[0Y(D5MC?+D'(!

AP,U,O(!QBJ^H0BXT^X@8/MDC
M96\O[V


MNY(VL





M-M8R2V=I]JN /DA#A-Q^IXKCYQJVJ)CQ'HEZUH'!6SL3&R


M'JC




K
M2E=Q 9@0 %8#IGFH8M0O[3Q+!IDTL\UG






[MK-S;DG9';Q.!CNS2 _^@B@[12TF* LKQ!

B13CZ\&M:LW6[EK2S254#DSPH0R[AAI%7/ZT :/-+1



1[X4X]R*U^]9FM6;W%O






!
UT-%



I!_



OH+NP@DBN(I@Z AXQ@-VR!VK#E^

)!']OZ[S_T^?\ UJ .N]_Z57C4?;I7QAC&@)'WNW!]N?YUS3




GF@1P/&7(Z
5Y -:
?BB? 
GA[6
M#P2(






THI#TH Y803Z%J&ISC4=
1+VX\_9=9







M. -@[9K0O1GQMI7H+*Y.?^!15T&*YRZ?/Q L$W\#3IR%P.
O'SG\* *26;3^

3$Q38*['


M[&TM)Y/+N+65Y[=Y&?:5V;7Y)QW'OS0!U(I:!10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M5A7+-_PFVGJ /L4Q)QR/F2MVL.X)XSL&+ 
]E

M HJ.5W108X]YSTSBI* BBDH 6DQ0*6@ HHHH *3%%+0 F*,4M% 8HQ2T4
M)BEHHH 3%+VHHH 3%+12=Z 


MLYN9;6!S_M1@_P Q4#Z#I

(QC6M;5I0K]M)!!ZCD5)
MH7@^ST#4)KRWN;J:26







CF@#C_#VO6%A9W
-ZWV60WMPRJT3@NID

?E0!QGA;Q!
MHVG^'+2TN]3M(9HC(K))



\J' #*

MG+13QS*P'HRG./J!6K)HNE32


M'2@#H**0'('&*6@ I*6B@!**6B@ I*6B@!*6BB@!*7M110 4444 %%%% !11

M6DH .U%':B@& #+';CFIL5'%T-2*
Y-3'8
M@8QTQGG-3450@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *:[!%+
P4#

M $HI:2@ HHZ4UV5$+.0%4$DGH* '45PR?$/3SXH^QB6)=


MU=NC*ZJ58


@_*

N=.QJ5O*\R-OQ#.GELN0V#MZY((XK?T+0#87-Q?W
-LE

*!UI:!THI@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !12=Z6@ I*6DH **8DL;LZHZLR'# '[IP#@T^@ I:** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *,444 %%%% !1110 E%
M*** DI:* #%&*2EH 
48HHH *
444 )1110 8I:** C%%% 8HI:* (HAP
M:EJ&  +UYS4U3'8;WBDHJAT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !6)
*[6XO9UA
MB-E(N]NF=Z4 =)16(/%_A\@G^U[48]7Q_.K$7B'1I_\ 5:K9M])E_P : -.B
MHH+F&Y7?!-'*@.


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T@H 44444 %%% H **** $[TM%% !24M)0!G:

&X3&!T_=1UHU1L%Q=ZESP;D?^BHZOT )BEHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *3O2T4 )2T

MBJ$+1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %'6BB@!I0'JJD5$UI ZE7AB93U!0$']*GHH BAMXK==D

)(R%]SALG\



L2MC\





M/BHKN.@Z?]!J!S_Z+I#K/B*
 OX7W =?*OT/Y9 H UK''VS4L#G[0N?^_4=7

M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 E+110 4E+28H 6BBB@ HHHH *2EHH !1110 4444 %%%%

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***C63?*Z 
-A R1@'C
M/'K0!)1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444F1ZCB@ Q1TK%-[


?
M

V


M&

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


M@JS#$D
*1QC:B*%51V Z@!40(JJH 50  .@IU+BDH ,4M':B@ HHI* %HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3%+110 4444 ':LR_MY)M2TZ1(
MP4AD=G;N/D*_UK3[4&@!!S10!@44 %+2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BD'TI:
M BBB@ I.]+10 E%+BC% 4M&** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH 2BDW#)&1\O)YZ4H


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :RJPVL 1Z$4 #TI:
4 


NQV'/9AZ''7M5 WVM&



XQ
M-C,X-0 R,#$X.C Q.C(S(#$W.C Q.C,W   !ZAP !P   P   BJ     !SJ




C(CX\

M+3$Q9&$M860S
2UD
S-D-S4Q.#)F

M+F%D;V)E+F-O;2]X87 O


# N


M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
MB @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @

M%Q@6%!@2%!44_]L 0P$#! 0%! 4)!04)% T+#104%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04_\  $0@$N@.G P$B
M  (1 0
1 ?_$ !\   $% 0$! 0$!           ! @
$!08' D*__$ +40
M  (! P

M !\!  
! 0$! 0$! 0$        ! @
$!08' D*__$ +41  (! @0$ P0'

1

M5*KM3_+H\N@!J[MW-+N'I3\C:*?* U*?28%+5 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T4E% T4E% T444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***;SUS_G- #J*2B@!:*2B@!M%-*_
M+G-% $E%-HH 
'=0E.IM #JJ7LGEVS




73A0 M%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!3^Q*S.7=G5OX6[5&^DVVWY8Q$_]Y!\U7Z;
M0!FV=K/8J$\QKF+=RTGWEK5IE?E0 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2EH CD<


M/
]PJ00;Y9/*1X6V2Q-\S_\   VUOT]:N6.FW
TCM
GV;?#M_=CY91O^1_N?




M+U;_ -E%
VRP_/$LZ1!&;_;3'%/87




M**2@ I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *93Z* &4^BB@ HHHH *
-ROZ_P=JYK&7Q ;FFK(TD7[Z3RFCW&YF3*?+^Z0E]O5

V[VV56T_SX9)?MPM]\42W'

M?;-$DFR[HTC;=XVOZ-765C^'87328O.C$4BL^5_X%6Q6H!1110 4444 
\NH



MND'VC^)95^]WW?PUO:9#]ABW_9MGV=5C50NQ6Y^4?)O^3;5&S;4)K-+FXMUL


IPH 6BBB@!E5K


M:N3W$:O)$L_


MYU*F7NG1WCBV*PGB=MC;N1N5_P #0!VFE[5T^ JOE*5^[CI5ZLW18F@TRW1L
MAE7'S/O_ /'JTZL!B].:*)** ';12T44 %%%% !6;JTODV$K';\H_C;:/^^J
MTJJ7B*]G*K#Y


FSSM_7_4G_ -D)H222WCD:7G=ND^3'RMO_



M[?+W^4?G1-


MBBB@ HHHH **** &?C1^M4M6DFAT^=X!OG5?W8Q_%4UGYOV6/S5VR%?F_WJ
M )Z*** '+2TB]*6@ HHI-PH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****



2*/N_[/6K]9FAA?




MN9)%B5WE7.YALROS9W_+ZH![%J[!/XJX.QO+M9B([8NZLZ -)_J_DW)M_
[_
M /:6N\10N[%4 4^F4^K **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



MLC?Z3.V\+*F3T;[GW/FXS\



Z*Z?[3_\ ?/\ =J.WN!.MN]U]G1V39Y2;'(ZC[Y3ZU'-:Q0VS

T$-SO3R%Y0Q_)EG?^.BX&Q;7
^Z5!O/
M+
/

TRRS


O+Z)&
MAC$GGVK




MWKT&/I51B@)****T ***2@!:*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#F?&TA712L:3O))(J+]G3


F@V38V[HE/]:UZQ_#.[_A'=
#E



M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M/(957S8OF1D=]CG9L7^XT2KN[X[5ZQ\1=JZ!$S)&[QW
6SS%)7=GC\*\4DN;

M%W(/]WM6G5@%%






4##_PC:+/Y9B\]6D\UU4;5

V8#M\K_)N9O[OR8^=ZQE\0#EN&UBZN



CSF.
S*+O#M+YF\[P?^ *SU+
T]U#%Y$D=M8^7M;]W\S8==R#

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IE/IE



=BXBF_=2J$'R_)U_[ZJ0-GPOZZQ
PG5U6
M-5^2965N7X_537:5QOAO3VM]5:1X7#3*'

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444




M9\(RR?*=_P#%LPW_ *#3X?+N(H9[JV+!4VR?QY:K[3 2OYBNDRJY'EK][LOW
M%_VC6?
UK#;J[;7B.U-FS:7=LXVD?0U8&IH5J(=29TB:/)PRK]Q=PW'_ 


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

MO/%#13K%:LD@
K+\\/RL/^!_PUQ-Q;2QK\NUEA^78C[''R#_ -!_B_O;:R^V


_E)LVLZ?\ ?3]*T?#]ZUUJ-NNXX3Y&WQ-\
MKXWL/GZ=0/EK
NO(AA91(L\MJFT* Z/

*XC\R
M.





M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

8 HHHJ

I] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !124M !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
;[K4









M5LYEM]]S+;K8
5:XE\N/9O*O\CG[_P SK_Z%6


M^?\ IZ5KZ')_IMJ3#L3XDVJV[8WY_X$.?]CIR:(@=XJT^D6EK8!E%%%9 /



M9IU60)@44UZ*CE ?1115@%%%% 5YIX@U26UU\WJ8X(I6\R:3E=NP?^._/_


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11357:* '444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

O(K?Q6D4
MTMH4680W+[

M/R]]O:H Z.&Y:*2X:7S['S=WV9X9?/\ W6Q!NV
FU.G_ (XO]]JZ+P=^YURS
MADLY84N)M\#!]WR;&9\;?E1-^WY/?YJXB*'3[9KZVN#Y
;1/Y\WGR@1;4B;8


M.IKRV;1UN=:O+E[FX#-=999%ROWV5L+_ '?E_6H PKJ/[5
L*KYABVR
OGMM
MC1TVL_\ P(1\_P]_#4UG;O=:M(UI&Y\]E=Y87?8S#[JO\_3:S_]\TQK*&:

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 E


M



MVV_/N_J1_P !J 

JY9/
M*WL[['_V?E/(H Z[PC&_V:225UD5G&U@W^S\WZUU%8'AJ&#[.[1(R1[OE1UZ
M5OTX@
I]
I]4 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%)0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M59 NO:A)%!
BBBHN )3Z9S3ZL HHHH JS+N5@3L4K\Q)^[7%ZABR81!+A_*961EV
M(WWNWX?SKM+J-)8I$;;M9?F'3]:\SN)(UDFL;TEOPK?*]I%]W[G\7?[M1(N

MEX#\R^3
@=?G'] *FBO([R9H;B.:&YW*[0W:[7K(#L/L:PV'E;I)'C.QFEE
M\S=[UT%8'A6$PZ;$V]_XF_O5OUK$@****L HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *93Z* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IA]^E/I



M#K%Q!Y#16*W]N\0=)2[O\DOFNVST:7\E]*]$^&+Q-(D

MD0(W+(65JW*H::J^1N4;-[
^T5?H ***8E6 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *





R:*1&V.C+V(8&M^@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

YN(U7SE555:YJ;_B8;;1E^V1++
MY9:./Y


M-N$DEE
;I(^U/-DC3:/

6W=H6G95PLTWR^7\
MGRLOYBH[H068?=-##
PV.6=OF'WOO[/O;2?^^:L0HJ76\3C[08]BY;Y';9A1
M\R?['\/K0!OZ M@@7/WVSG_ 'O\*U:R]B2&W98W+KN[UJ41 ****L HHHH

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M\^7_ 'L*/SKFBM+BTL55?M0M6BC95;Y$V-NRWSKEACM6[KDBM=7L2;
.S[
MQ%]T[





MLDK;)/-CW]_]CI\M1(W-LOEO4BE:257\[RT1S-SE?G3V-26^^/E&8[2S;K




MH *2EIE0 V;_ %;UQ-]'';WBA1/%&SM+/Y
68^&V_P J[60-MVKQ7'Z\MO;W


M@%%%%6 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 RBBB@
M H3\J

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $VBEHHH ***2@#@+Z-KK4O)EVNKS
MM^[D]GV=?Q!K.CLX+#4OLSQ





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H




5==Q]5H^U8#?\NGTE+6H!1110 4444 %
I])4 9^M3-#IMPRIO\
MEKF(9I-L5N=T:R*K_O-N6YPRXKI]:?;IMQV^6N2-VB72%4V
K?)+L;[V_.
?
M2@*[O-\MQ!OC1M^W?LV_P 3,W?C_PRIEM?1-)%(D7DJZMQC:N?X
?PY.&^
:NU]K+N&Y?X37S[_
M 
(IXWU#QE;ZM::EK%UI-QJ;.J:-?P+I_E+=HR

MNVK DI]
2GT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2TS^+- !3EIM**

M;^)+6QM[C49M N;B6.)[C1$A27





6FI0_9[C[(]_ 8+8REV;:T7WD57W+LZ_(:SOC-9KJFN:/91ZTOAB]6XN3J

M[V[[W/\ ?-


DLLL0'R_\ 32%E


M51(#K?C[JEQI7@M[MXK5=.AD5KC4)]6:PELG/R(T3K$_.]MO_ F]*H_LTR0W





5O*T[2))


MX#:+S=5
2QQJLJ!DC7U0
/\ QUT_R:/M =G2TRA/RJP'T444 %%%% !2-TI:
M1NE1(#.UA=VGW6X-M\O^&N&CL56:)8]V8=V-Z?ZM
;LUVGB&V6YTNXB)9!MQ





G6M;M]#L);R[\P6\7^L:.-G('3.%'_ZJA\/^
M+-)\4V2W6D:C:ZE:GI);R;AV_P 17-_%J_NM-\$ZE)93R6=XWE6\-Q#
MOAI

E4=4TFUUO3KBQO;:.YM)T998I!E7^M74Q[EXV
M^OTH \LY/A!X1UE1;RSV5]:W<L2I#]O'[Y6?<OR_*QZ_+TXKW2QOH]0M8[B
M)F


W5S#/.6UF*YN'NY
FV6E


MY\W3=^5/^&?_  B[:+
WA0'^SVFRQ/FG+=_]9\W]*P/CEJDF@^%+:_@^W0Q6


M8+YM/S=;WW)L3:\KE_F\K?\ (JO^+]ZYS2KV6YF=8M35T9V59FO%D^T1LC
_
*T@M+S4$6226+S1+L6!FBRN?[^

M_P!VO4_AC'/#\/\ 05O=(70KI;1?-T_8J?9V_N_+]VO






MF7S?L_FMM678K;6_O4 9GP%M8[6UU1%L==C2!(+1+[67W174:AV7[/\ NHOW



MRV6LW.D^(=!U9+N5)GTKPVL7V33O[J;E^9V/]Y^?EZ+7H?C[4-+TC19;[4=(
MDUU(Y5ACLX;59Y6=V5=J(W?[M9?PIUK3=8ANI;#P)J7@M\KYBZAID=FTIZ\;
XI&/F8^U;=<OX\N3;^%=28V@OU\ELP9

M^$5ZJN?7_P =KYU\%P_V+XUT42^(-\:I/,(H[/3UG:73FV/_I'SW$JJO\/W
M$Y;K7T1K+&NXU $])1G ZUYYXP^

[6*\9K3;[



:KA]K+Y4LOF*WS_


[CPU)H]S!X6
M;?80S

MT444 
\NGTG%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5%-_J
MVP









M^QKI2V

7-IH^M37^GO/&;ZUO
?_ ,(GJ+6]XEI(L1;SFN?LX5?7S?X/]ZNDKA_BM<16/@75
M[F1+PK!'YI^P6_VB5=OW?W7\:_[-6!YSX)UZ+Q'XHL(O#;/8?89S)?F3Q$NH
MK<1]&A2+S7_BMO8+LZ?Q5[TB[=JU\V_#OQ9_P )GXWTR+44UY]2:5=7DN/[
;&V_WY7:@#T2L[4_E
MTVYVR-$RQMM:)=S+\O\ #[UHURWC;49].TN%[?S&O)+J*&&&18]TC-M4
S(





RLDNQO-:5/XD.%_B_P UK_
M?4HM4\
^N&N]-2-Y-QF\K;M

/2YY\3&67=^YY'15_NC^[4@=CFBCRZ*U **48QS10 ZBBB@!*-HI:2@#+U




M5)Y4WRM]Y_E;K7K6** *&FV$&EV%O96JB.W@18XUSNPJU?VBFX-/JP
E]%MY






M_''@V#QEH?\ 9MP8A$TBNZS6T4ZL/[I6566JOA7X2^#_  ;?#4-#\-Z=I=[Y

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &5%


7R&-7;[B

D


M-.J/(H:
)\^
)_[
*JV=Y'=6=G'9M&;E
;RX?:T2HZLY/]_^'\:2WFGAMV0L

MY*JJU9HHHB [M2T4E6 M%%% !1110 4444 
_BS13MHHVT %-HHH /+IR]**



Z=5??NV_-_O


HHH



BN*\&_%+PO\0I F@ZF;XLKR+F&2+<BB/<1O5?\ GM%_

M]:N:/XCL/$-G]ITZY2YM?

\(:6^HZO?6^
MGV2'YIKB7:OYT ;5+7+Z+\0O#WB.XA@TG6]/U.6:)YT2TN4E)C1E5VPI_P!M

M@#JZ*C63YL$8J2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

MS?O6F.Q7/SJ_*




M_NC(6G7-O+-_KR\R[FW0OQN9AOW_ '?]FI;&1I&$.YH8\
J&1#LW/_NI_LB@
M#TM?EZTZFT41 ^1OCI=11_%[4%:[\
Z1Y

#-;ZSXGNK!]05X]C
T$7R[-NZ
M/_:VFOK6(_)]U4_NC.:^2/C1:O:_&;5[JTNK&6-EMI;FWF\%?VFT'E1)O?[7

G4I];N=22\G6\_M[ROM22J=

(?LPW]G-KNG0SS^(K;7IM#ENI=$


M[2R$:
UO*UNLL(WEHEEA^3[F)D'WD;;]-T 
?Y%/?O7S3\4[JZT/Q_KMW9:Q


MOVBVEUJ#SV
\:VEA)LN)?EQMB8\*U 'DW[.^A:'HGB35%TF[L9[EK-&9;?P7

M7D=6^[N9^N:^A*BX$$\*SQ-&XW(PVLOK7Q_XH\ VOA'XE6TFF_#_ 



M42W%OXK-E#&I2+E[+S5W*OS_ 
/SU8'T

[O]KYJFJ)5RW0K3Z 'T444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5

M:+Y1B

M?]NH T+.\BM9;N7]U MHOVIUAC9GB;9N;8__ &U/YGO7I/@^&2/0XO-E:9FD

7Z)L^[LQ_P  KO? =G%9Z @
MBB*\C
/W6UOO?Q4 =31115@



M&\DS
JILV.Z=.!_DU]&1;=JE?NMZT 3T4458!1110 E%%% 'A?[3VJ1Z?X=T

M?)U_N_C6/-[P'H-9FKP6LVG7B7X1K)HG$ZR?=\O;\V?;&:TZ\[^
WAO4O$W@
MZ[BT_P 57/A&&!));J[M[6.X


MIS(^J2W]VS+M;YVW



MBBB@ HHHH **** LW6HPVDWBLGF+Y+_+MW$_+Z?6M*L_48PUK
C*KHRL-K


MJ



S[%7ZM7H7P+M[6Q\!




M+8$-AEB?UKJZ9Y?S9[5L!XI\+=)A\

]G\D

^MRO;



%O\+]+MK633KF.UDN;5;C284@
49KBV21]G]W<R]*T=





M3[A8BBR^4VQV^Z&Q6A6?K@Z9=Y8)^Z;YO[OR]: /*KJUC;2]C3K':JG+)3


TT]F\7

M8/G_ '
?FI\P0_
GWO6O1M&3R]/BPFQ=N0N
?K0!I44458#'HHHH ?1110 S


M^1K4TNV

UO.(UEED?9N
7\(_B_\=%$



MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K+UR)YM)NXHQO=XF

T 8^M;)I
9!


M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** LS6XO
T:]




MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *Q_$$;-I-R%81C9N;_=_BK7K%\4*S:'=!%:1RN!&

;AWW9/\






M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!
ME8?BRZCL-%DN)?



RP
D
S[98KF&5-WF
M_.YY_NKL?_R+4 :6FS.LP3[-&K6^ZWBV.%\W[_S;/]Q%KTG3XQ%9PKG^!:\Q


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KE/'2R2Z#(F]T3S8M[J67Y=Z[N=C8



MX9[.W2!IY/-9V5EN&Z'_ &*[GQ4LO]I6S*-WRC;%Y6_=\WS?^.UQ;[D;S98X
M]D[;S
[[0K-_=^YZB@ N=0B2WE^T);6TL:[TW_.VW[FS]5Y]35WPEJ(U*^M2

53C=ME3_Q




O-2%A+?M:PR2LB2/;1*R2Y^38J+\

MP$Q*2B_3M7AVFWBQV;1LVQ;B+[6D5VJQ^4^__59'W=C
O_?'^W7N&BJJZ9:%


MZ;?6NA\(^7-/:O&(F9BZ;E7:K
KN?EW)_=H ]/HHHJPBBB@ HHHH **** 

MG^UNKH*22
24M !3Z93A0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2TS^
M*@ I]






MRK
@WI\R




MK*T:N59

M(2/1J2BFUJ0.I:93Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $I:9_%FA* 'T444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !3
'=3Z* &)^5/HHH ***2@!:\V^-BVR^!Y?M


M=IYX-0C6.5G_ -'C7YE2%^5!9][NC
?^^PW^S7TKI;;]/MV^7YHU/RKM[5\M
M:7YGVZU_TO9%:^8SV)B?9



M]MQB1_/^1MTK_P![E?\ V450'H%%.HJR!M/IE/H **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3:*

M_-_=YL+:I+;VLDZM=_O%C

V_?\ Q?(4V;';8NW[_P#!_LTR:^;]S/')N2WE







MZ(SK_#]YTW;OTJ6%;G5KJ&194(\B)$:*5U1&V;W^YLW#@?\ ? J );?1X[:R

DHHD

_

.Q
MV\F#Y?

MRGB1HFN%B=T+M V(?N-]4?\ WMGY+46V.QNI958.LB?


MJNY=I@\K=Q&F?O9]_EK4T?
FH2B52DJ=(?X(OE_AK(N;^*X9)6N4W.S(RPG=

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


\FQ(WWML;9_ U=17


MNK=(F6:%C;[@]Q*LI^9_[G^PR_/]5V5MZT89K.XBDVOLMY?](VM\C
DNWAOP


I]
P=U/H PM8M

MV7GS*Q6$\
L323W$

MT#S/_':T])PNH0L;AI!Y;+&2O^MJF=WXUEPP_V:\*1JWE.,@.N?FQL;^#[^
MX*V?:KFFW3IJ%E:B,F55:5F7=]W_ +X_BV_K0!V5*M)15@/HHHH **** BB


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

J-BR;/[VSYO_ !U6_'\*M^'W?S9(GWJ(
MON0JOR?G6T=G:P&(2@0JJJSO]Q=V[J/;Y&^M:_A.:3_ %7[HVZQ#:R-N/K4
M@=/3A34_*GUJ 444E T4E+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


OR_
_Z

SHLJ(B

2KYVZ:3;M+N[-_!_M/\N^H T;=A]JC9(OM-JI0]5^

S81/G=OGV_^RBNR\+

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *93Z* &5R'CR2Y6SB\J+





M(8%E*?)^Y/\ $6RV?\]*]%A^[7EFBZA_IL$?D2VN&RDH_A7SNO*_-S_XZ*]5
MC7Y?N[:M: +13Z* (7HIX08]Z* 'T444 %

O#)%J5VH7(E;



5?&9;S[/:BV63<8
MI562(NGS?)AZ\JK\KO_ (<9KU6O-?B9?-8W%DJ&4RRQ2JL:
R!ONEE/R-PX



WR_:#!*[6
MMO/%+*KQ/L9]KK\_SK]UOO8S_!46FWVL_P!IOIYO;@2VTB
RRE@_S[F1HFVI
MO1$D^Y_LK\WR_+ '6Z/=21^(+*.(0WB3W
$O

M..O!/!\UU_;UIYZ6?E7DZIYL=YOE;;Y3H%79\R;6S_R@(OW$KWM/N^]$0'T
M4458#'HHHH ?1110 4UJ=3)* ..O?W;7;2JRS2-^Y+H@?_T'W%9=T[PR*5W;
MXY_)*RQ^:B]ES6EK%K*GGMYC L,HZ)NQV_\ 9:P+B2\NIU6)GA\K=^]A^_\

MW_NFXB5?
7[Q7_OCY_XJW_/G[Y/M#?-Y6 VW:!\U '74M)2U8!1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %
I]

M-LLT+02O*K6[ONV$;55U7Y3\I_.B0'&268ADN[FW5DF5)3:PPML=66)W0OM7

=.ND6)UDEN(DN&V^4J[.=VYSM6+=]77;62NL+IMU

MY** )J*** F/RM/J,K[U$@//[R:WADG\UHHT\YF7SM^YCO?IQ]WD5&FC00M
M\BQPE?D\R)/FV[/\:NZH5N;QT=H945,+)^TI\_S#KSU%
)=&CNKBXM4:5$^R2*DP;I\OM42 X;[9%;
M2SR16
TE[$6=?-CE5WC3S?X7E9!\R'^#U'-7(9WT^!FEM)([V7;)$+S^%XMC


M!8GW*B'\N?\ @7TKW1*\!\ +9S^(-

M5] +TJH@+3/+I])5@1O13F7BB@!]%%% !3)*?3)*B0'%.EJKR_NI
+O_ 'FU
M]B

MMN?E:QII(H95\UY
S?)&FQ/D^_\ GU% !)]FN)'BFMT
&U4;Y]VWN^[C^YN_


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #*\

M2OWU4

MMSL&MQ220SRK)=6D#Q12M*B)Y3
4;9NWJKLK*@/\.[_9K2^Q66I6

M.C6\4T0??%^Z?YOF3Y OS9?[JN*FM;J#[ D'E20W$#-A?/EE5XF$KI\FSYD^



FYE7
+Q[%7BL%_LUXGV-)&1%;_CY_OX?[G_CU=%X
M7M5M86DWRLSJJGS&W?=^6J Z&BBBK ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\?^)VFV





MY_WFJW0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)13: '5YCXPL;Z?Q/Y]K);*OE1!






M:



MK;0






/_ !VB
T$;=2=^-NUOO9Z5G+Y4GW<(^]4_
MNKMZ?C6OITTDT3,Z(B_P[/NT1 OT4458!3*?10 B]*6BB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** F4^B@!E%/HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHIFWWH ?3*

%H]MU.DLC332?.IV\JO3^[MKLEKC?#$
MD*ZARY26:/=$G]]-Q_\ B/\ Q^NR6B(T4458!1110 E+3*?0 FT56O%\ZW=

MKA?$GVK^V+N.-8T5H\(7;[S;1G^8HD!CW-@DRR2Q-)(Z(BE=N]-VSY7^YT^3
Y?^+_OFA<W%S(R- T'G(Z*T2G:

NQ3_%]Y1_WS78KTHB
M M%%%6 E%-HH $I])@4M !5:X1)H'5_N
-K9JS56\9DMY&7EE'R^_%1(#C'O

IF17S_P !^]^%9M_;SQ;XH/W[



M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M)0 M
I]
3\J #RZX/Q(_DZE=2SR
EJBX*PM\^YMO^&W]:[ZN \07DL.K28'^


M?*_UJWI


M_ARM=57)^%X8))O.BC;
:^4&?U_B/6NK4T1(%HHHJP&44+TYHH ?1110 51U


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)@4M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** &/7F_B*1WU.Y\N5U*MA9E=%
?S1I_?Y^?'WNVZO2*IS:/:7&_P R




M4E #:*** 'T444 %)2TQONT %%$='\- !FGU#4U !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
H0 4444 


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#WZEHHI6 2
MD)(YIU)B@!F23BFL#ZU+M!HQ2L.Y&$XS1BI,48HLPN,L.IIXHI13L(3%%+1
M3 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M**** BBB@ HHHH *2BB@!:*,TE T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



MJ&[9EB^0_O


F1@@<\5)0
M4444PBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:* 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
5B6.5QSQ[T^DP* %HHH


M:UM;0:G8K(9/

ML%_#VGW.O:L9KNSEAN\
T?'GP3   AL]
=NQQ5O0=.U6P75IM5GBN)K@JRS1
MKMWA8PH)'8\#B@#9TH!]'LCUS G_ **M)$B'*J :JZ0I71K)3U$#I[KM&
M@T444PBDQ2B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
UEDMF:-IK1LQ2?(&R/3@\B@#8L.=.M3_ -,D_D*L5!8C
M&GVP_PF2_R%6*  4444PBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M(@1$@/4 9I]
 HHHI@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44E% T4E% T4E+0 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

C +XX8=.W7'I


M(ZMM W(3U)Y (ZBK.@:=;6.B:@;2_6^M[EGE2;=N;!0#!;/)&/:D!TB_=%.I
M 
 EI@%%%% ***2F 4M)BEH **** BBB@ HHHH *04M&* BBB@ HHHH
M**** B@G%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2EHQ0 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111B@!.F*6HKD$P$*VULC!SC'
M-2#WH 6BDI: $[TM&** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6C% !VHHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **3O0* %I.]+10 E%+10!Q-U:^+D\
M27

M BBB@ HHHH ***!0 4444 %%%)0 4HI*44 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )2
MT44 %)2T4 )2TB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI.] T4@I
M: BBB@!.] I:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBDQ0 HHH%% !1110 444E T4E%
M T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !BC%%%*X!1113 **** $P!4-V/\ 0YQ_

M6]4N$-V%?R=+R@(V_*9 
#IU% '?44@H% !2T44 %%%% !1110 445#=&46T

Z?J5U/8WDGG32-%;;F=[


MQ16+X9O[O4-



M!!SR/PI@=+14-O)YL

;57\Q_+TZ
M[DAC8J9E






M 48I

=:
@T +1110 4444 )111
MB@!110** BBB@ HI#TI-P% T4F0*4$=L4 %&*6B@!
44M)0 M%)BEH ***

\6
M_E2 LT4@4PBEHH :3Q7&O:36VORRBWU^.*2[!+QW



D8Z?
M7TJ0:)9:=?QW=M S[ VVV14)!8KRI.





YR3DYK5K$T5-/LI;JPM+RXFFB8&47
SR
#CL6SQ]*VZ8!11


MT6L3I#IN^:W











M#9/X'T-=@O2@!:*** 


TDWE^3U^44 ;M%%% 'UK \2


%





OB72?



M&LFKXC=!%Y\:+T8V[RYQR<[LD
M'N





M10 48Y'%%+0!6FQ]NMAWP_/Y5

M **** $JK=V%K?QA+J!)E5@P5QD U:HH S8]*L]/@N7MH%C+QE21GA0.@]![
M5%?^'=

LZEK4J60X(!) (/K6GVK'N+S[-J]Y*49D


2%Y/5L G Z5
U=1)
M&LD;1NH96!4@CJ*RK+PSI-BD/EV4!DB(*RF,;LCH2?6@#43)12W7'-.%   X
MI<4 %%%% !1110 =J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** JNH'%C





M 







M 6BD%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 4-:)&CW1 &=G^%: Z51U
M?C2I^



M#_Z: +-%)2T (W0UEV:'_A(M2?)P88%Q]-_^-:IK,LB3KVI\CA81].&H T\
M48HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6DH *6DI: J&L'&GG_KK%_Z,6K]4M47=8X_Z
M:Q?^AK0!=HH'2B@!,48I:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:2



M:6@T 5-+YTJT/KI_2K=4]*.=(LC_P!,$_\ 015R@ HHHH **** @]**#TH



M4444 %%%% !VHHHH *3%+10!6OAFV_X&@_\ 'Q5FJ]XCR0JJ+N/F(?P#@G]*

M



M0 5GW7.JV(&
CS#R/85H52F;&JVB8Y


M DI:* $%+1BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

C_G0!I8I:!T%% !1244 +
M24UP2O! ]SVKSKPU#J8\2QAWNDBS++*\M\LBS@?(=B YQNP1_=Z'F@#TCM12
M@4 +1110 4444 %%%% 4M)574;QK&T\U('GD+!$C0@%F/09/ H MT5C:?J
/O$9Z
M'I0!K$ ]12U2TR^-_;N[V[V\L;E)(G()4CW'!ZCI5V@ HHHH **** CM14-

L6$D:NMRH#2
MB$!@5.\]%((R#4EYJ-GIX0W=PD0<X7=WH LT5&EQ#)*T22*SJ S*.H!Z57BU
M;3Y;Y[*.[B:YCSNB#?,,8S^5 %LHK$$J1T..E.IL<B2QK)&P9& ((Z$4Z@
MHHHH ***1F5%+



MSC.8TE4MQ[5?'2@!*4444 %%%% !132ZKG)QCJ?2D26.49C=6'J#F@!8T6.-

MYHH ***2@!:*** $I:*
T 074)GMVC4X)(_G4PHHH 6BDHH 6BBB@ JL]N7O



M?7IBD!U@'%+BBBF 44E% T4E% T4E** LGQ%&)M)9'160NNXMTH09^]M


 \



6ABM);F<J^Z./;S#QO!W<'G' YJ/S;



M''/!!!XS5+18BES
6U.74V4;3
S1[8_]C:F
'OTH VZ*** DI:2@ [5QWB;
M4_[-U,&Z$MQ;/&I2*^\AHB.I(##(/KFNQ/2L.[TN_74);W3;JVCDG55D6XA

M.

^R

4M)10 M8.MRW'GH
MAO+NSMMN?-M(/

M %G17N6MW%S)+*%?$4DJ;'=
#DC [Y'0=*TZR]#A:WAGCS&J+)A8(V++!P
H
M0,\\_C6I0 44M% !BD8X7-+37.%S0!RT^I7WLPEU063JY5+;[$9
KG@YZM
MGVZ5TMJ\DMI#)*A21D5F4C&TD#(KFKFWO5N9?.TV\O)!(S)/%?\ E*%))48W








M5XI0J+YA

M))M0OKL1D
B7$H*J1WX R?KZ5/J.E_;MKQ7


M CAB$
:QK]U0% ]@

M




U-B@! 
9IU)10 4444 %%&*6@ KG-8N[


M8A R!@[#NSZY[]L5U]F6-E 638WEKE0N-IP.


M^?F7_P!#-7CR
52TL?N)SZW


M 5V[)Q& #Z_*H.: 
G7;R[_M)X?[7_LFW1%97%MYAE)Z\D8&..E:?AV5I=/=

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 (*6D%+0 E4KS_C]T_P#Z[-_Z+:KU4[O_ (_+

L(M760M?W-I*A486*W
M:
@_4L?Y5I8&*6B@ %%%% EHI* %HI*6@ HHHH *0@'J :6B@ HHHH ***


M !1110 4444 %)WI:* $HQ[48I10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 E+24M !5*[.+^P'J[G_ 

M&A10.E% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1BBB@ HHHH **** C%
M%% !BBBB@ HHHH *2EHH .U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
MBBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH *,444 &**** BBB@ HHHH ****  ]*IZ:H6VDQ_SWF_]
M&M5PU5L%VP/_ -=I?_1C4 6J**04 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%

M HHHH **** BBB@ HH%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T4E+0 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MB@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB




M)FCN-.BDC
A4C'[V0.W7')!(J[0 4444 %%%% !114=Q*T-M+*L;2
B%@B]6
M('04 24G2J=MJ




8RSM@#\30!)2B
MHX9HYTWQ.KKDC*G(X.#^HJ*2_M8;@027$22D9,X#8Z=* +-%&:* BBB@!*
1E+;8$W8 ]<XH N




%#;DRE7G)DRYG\PK^]<$=!P3\P/?\*J^*M/TYM3MWN(+.+S58M/+8


MUL
Y'(*]32 U=&BCATJW2)H6CV J88O+4^^WM5^H++'V2(+C:% &)#(/^^CU
M^M3TPBBB@ HHHH *AN]GV.?S AC\MMP=L*1CG)[IJIZJ\:Z5=^;NV&)@=I



\%G8NQBFEW_(%A 9N<C.

M$SCU)]*N^*[E&MULC;SRLV2&6V:6


M=NO..CJ


]J .-\+6ES]NMIY;




=\MR^^%;)1&L.6P0X3/IS


M(7(W
P/:NUKFO%VIDM)+JUN442 07

WA0RS.9.G]BR'<<*.&W8Q7HY*J3UQS7):G'
K?WG=OS<T 7:6BB@ HHHH **** BBDQ0 M% HH *2E%% %
M34O

M4I1!I=U*5)1,QN4)P

(E8SQ7;S@*6X4[NA[\=1]


90@@

MQSN.3N/)!.3GOF@#7%% HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


MN


M
MQD]2 /J30!#IN@:7I$KRV%E';NZ[6*9Y'I3]1T;3M5V?;K2.?R\[2X^[GTI+




M3NFD+L?Q/-4Y-%CDNWN%N[R$NP9DCFPA( [8]A5RVNX;N 30R;HSWY&/P/2J
M$?B'3GN1 )9%). [0NL9^CD;?UH U0




M8'0#I10.E%
!.]%+BB@ HHHH ****  ]*YKQ7]GDBMX-0Q%8-DO/Y.\HP' '

DPCPJXSC(.3R/3O0!4\+1VL






 D
%^;&3Z$5IZ5.OVJ2!K1[)_+5Q;G9MVY/S#;W['\*E:


\*BX/3J#3=02_;
6$ )X*]B.]81DT@



.=^#CY20,9[CZUI]JSM:-BNF.VHOY=N/G#

M]* 


=P

EA#/HT=H/
6+RUEQ\PQC!(_JL6F7L=[%)=WR


44

1VHT._DO);@

M';307=WNMTLXF5EJ)_,*G)YQT7/MZ4 4=1U9[:_ECNM5N+$A\0Q1V6\..Q#
M%3N/T-;NDSW%SIL,UU%Y4K#YDQCOZ=JP+W29GOKB2?1UO\A

44 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %5&(.IPCN(7_P#0D_PJW5!B?[;1?2W8_P#CZT 7
MQTHHHH ***#P* 





M9(+^]%W.8?

M!/ ;J/6G^'H9X)G1X9$#Q[Y@]JL21R9 VI@?

?7MS5RX?6!JCPVD%H+=D#K

L


\X]10P.I7H.



MCC.
#%=%BDH R9K6*+PV+:]GD@6.WR2Q2$,A\D


M_P!HPWBSNK(=TB!1ME.T@$^A^;J* -(4444 %%%% !1110 5@&SU-=2GO4EN

+@(-X8@D'W(X-7:2E[4
M %%)10 M

Z*)86W@L#C


M!AZ])J0QC3VF5LG_41(Y)P-H8-T4\Y/\NHK^'6O'N+MIS=R0[5RWD*QR;P
M6W*
=5'&

M+F(QQ112!]S


MU]*Z#25G33+9+I%2X6


?+\Q4'D+G''J#4@=$.E%'0450!1110 E%%% T4E** #M1110 44B@ HH






U15LZU

=+
M=#_X\_\ A5X#:N*ST_Y#L_\ U[Q_^AO0!H=Z6D[T4 +1110 F./:@ #M12B@
M HHHH **** #%&*** #%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2=Z
M6D[T %+24HH **** C%%% !BC%%% !BC%%% !1110 4444 %)2T4 )BEHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH 
48HHH 

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH 
48H%% !BBBB@IJA_XE-Y_UP?\ ]!-,
MT9=NBV^EM&/_'13M6_Y ]]_U[R?^@FC21C1['_KW3_T$4 7**** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BEHH 
4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4448H *SX_P#D.7'_ %[Q_P#H;U?Q@52C'_$[N/\ KWC_
M /0GH NCH*6BB@ I*6DH !2TE+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)WI:
4 (*6C%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)D4  I:3@4M !5*V_YMZ?]F/\
M]FJZ:IVXQJ=[](_Y&@Y1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44=

MI!2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 9VO_ /( O1CC
8@
M_P#'%I@7J*** %%% HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :R[A@@8/
M4$9S7&?9%^W7$<::<[I<!3)#HS.8^G&X'&:[6N%NKM8_$EQ$+NWM1]H&Y)K\
MQLYP.0@'?MZT =PH('-+0OTI: $I1110 44E% T4B@!&.,?6O/+S4EN=3F
MEO[ ;%?@KK+LP 

I@TM)%;(&26*
MGG.?2@#LTQL7 P

M [.B@44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% &=K:[M&N5
M'=0/U%7Q]


MLH_] 6F!8Q12T4 )2]J
44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 





M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &-X@







X

-
M P(8$0J.?7I4L%^DUJUPR21*A(=9
M97'7.

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** 
?Q!9:G?V?V?3IK2



4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M0?2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH 

^;COV&!]:0$W@R[TG

)YGFGHA4@@GU






 HHHH ****



M;(!&
=^V* /0!T&*6D X%+3 **** BBB@ HI** %HI*6@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** .=\42PP/:2S6Z76





MW%1NZ#CA
FD!H^ [.XM[K5YI=)ATJ.5X]EJA4E2%P3QV)Z5?UW0M1N]2DU#3


252T:J=RAY(^@ZUB1ZA87UU810V<X$?SP2-9L%0


MN

MV\TZS1P6HP



M3;^2



(WN!Z5A^([2XN+NW9H-2GM0A^2PG\M@^1@MRIQ@'OC/:M
MK2DGCTJU2Z)-PL:B0DY.[ SD]SZT 7:*.U% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 8!


48H *6DQ2T %%%% !1

MX%*.:0[MR[0
=S[4N.: %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH J7
MW^KCXS^^C_\ 0A5H=:J7Y(%OCO.@/YU;H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI!2T )1112 1E#

MOOQQG;TS2 [JRT^RT]72RM(+96.6$
80$_@*Q?&UZ;#P]+.+I;7;+%NE
6\J

[+JUAJ.U!\\4'E2CG^
=ZZ/3P MP1WG



M60YS\P SSW^M7





M@M3%8Y(!5CDOG^+/;MBMW3CF&7_KO)_Z&:YSPK#?2Z[JFI3:/)I=M=)'MBD8


N[
MNZC

.!:/N7&!U/K6U3 0C




R


\:;5DV
MXYQVZX_MNF 'I5#1_\ CQ/7F:4\^\C5?/0U0T8[M/#8QF64_P#D1J -BBB
MF 4A[TM% ' OH.KF_N;G0K0:-*\K

MP

 HHHH **** BBB@ HI.]+0 4444 %% HH 2E%)B
ME% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T44F* %%% HH
M**** BBB@!*6DI: BBB@ HHHH ***2@!:2EI* BC%&* EI
4M !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!D:N?^)EH@_Z?




M/*88MRQ@]

MHH *2EHH 3%+110 E%%% T4@I: BBB@ HHHH **2B@!:*2EH *2CO10 HH

M4F*6B@!
44M% EHQ10 'I5'2





C/E(R

?I0!N:?<.?#0N(PL
M;B%V7%NR@$ X/ECG'^SU[5S&AW8?4;?:UO.9)V;S&TB5'.222';@?7T%='#-

M.ZP!ML5U?&
G(7YB-N ?\:[@CY2*Y2YMEU2_OY)]8DLS:






C

M ;O


12MX@MU:V-D802;:6]!?A=@.PQ@GX
M'!QP*]%Q0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (:*#10 M%%% !1110 4444@BBBF



MV


M)12T  HH%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E  ?NFN)UJ:PT_5G:2XCBFC1








M0#@C+E1U...YH Z._OET^W
SQO(
A52







I





MR1;H

MHHHH **** $Q2BBB@!#7':UIM[J'B4;;22YMD1?EEQ#&I]5E4[\^V
5V-&*
M&QC:H&
8QWSV%.H%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 C-M[$_2O/]7EMM7UEIKNRU810
M*$B9-+#\Y)/S
C9'';ZUZ 0#U%+B@.'YHU;YN5ZL,'\:DI  .@I: BBB@


M2@'2-K^45
T8/GN43[P^]@=*7P[!##:R+ +#9O\ ^7*0NO3N3WK9VCTH  Z#
M%




?E9+=8L#T(7K6F.E !0*** 
J\'_ !46F'TCG_\ 9*U:S+D ^(-/

Q _[XK3H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH X_7YY;3595DD:1)

Y.#WZ5U5L'%O'YDBR/L&YUZ



MLBZ/.L81%

MRU?28(1/KP\
*]C.V_Y[V3S&)Z.47@+WQZ5ZM:D_9(L@ [!D+T'T]J$!-111


G
M 9&R*QM8ENX[R(Z:K-?&
YC

JB(1A3
M@8  )SQWR?Z4 :PI:



XI]




M 3+P2-N0V2QXY QSWKKXSN&=I4D X/6@!]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)WH 9-_J'_W3531=W]B6&X\_9H\_]\BK4_%M

&A:%J$7DQ:

9

M$K9SD9'TI](!@ 8Q2T %%%% !1110 4444 -?&
FN2DU#1KVZ::/16ENA&TR

R+F 2));R D!)
'YE)Q



IP.M6
MZ BBB@ J.9!)&T; D






FM



^/$=FG&3;3'_QZ







\G^($GFFZEJE
MW97



M+E3QO; &'[Y [D=.G7(.#UQ5#0M.BDFD^Q0
99#(=\:G!/IQTSS6B !T %
M T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 07O\
MQX7'_7-OY4S301IMJ






_\\V_E4RXQ0 M%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2444 +24M)0 4HI*44 %%%% !1110 4444 %&***
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44G-+0 4

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $Q2T44 4D)_MF88_Y81]_]IZN5
M2CQ_;,_/S"+C_@3U=H *6DHH 6BBB@ (S2 8%+10 4444 %%)10 M%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5KX
M?\2ZY_ZY-_*K(J]_P/X_ZYM_*IA0 M%%% !1110 4444 )BEHHH 2EHHH
M 0]15#2


 [NY7@_A5NL7PV<PZB2,?\3&X'_C];5 









=Z0R-XL2Q213:0WDT\<WV!DWR'.4$I.&ZGG&3M]J]

MO]I9HK9F79$Y5VW9QN..
\$6,%A<WULUM=6=];A%F@:X:6$J<E6C)YP<&NA\-X/AO3RI)!@4C- &I
M2BC%% !1110 44E% T444 %%% H ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BDI
M: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*6

7

W77:/2)F2;R6P



*Q


MT=:2E'2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH






MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*7M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4=


M'7'5+;.


MOI;5 PYCV98Y&/O*?TI]C;M:O)%)J
]W)P2)2NY0?]U1U]_2@#0HI** /.?%


GDUM7O\ 9]T_]G7@@F
B%_(DP20.^
=O6J6DZ9_9E_-;



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 5PGB$:_I6KS:A9:K816TP7_1KADB8X&/O


OK22?7++2[EY=-MS&U
MLA5AY093N4;@#C(KI/#F?^$9TK/7[)%G_O@4P-.BB@4 +VHHR*3- T444 )
M12U'+((HW=LX5=QVC)Q[@#E'B8^(FNS9
]HER(C(U^YP_ !\K[O#8&/QKK5

N

5&0.
MF?:@2BBB@!*7M110 4E+10 4444  HHHH *SM:\S^R;IH0?-54VIO(./3'


M
 (S@;<_0 ]+'2EIL95HU9&5AD
.XIU !2]J3I2T %%%% !1110 E+24


M\()9K#


_?*@ ]OUK=T $

R
'[+%G_ +Y%8?AF&TM[3488[%K\A 2XM_.:1!\I*E,G[I!/^16]H?_
M  -.P

NM?V:]DQ8N0)5FBQM[';NW?I6VI

4 .HI*6@ HHHH

?WN:WM$FNI='A:\9GN%W*SM'L+X8@-M[9 !_&L


2!1GRL[?PSSB@



MV
%LA)6&-8P3U. !_2IZ0=.E+0!S_BC4]0TZ&%K**5S)O0&.+?AR
)N]!DYS


J;B.
MH/(Z]*O^'+VVN-

M:* $I:** 

MSS_NJV1^5=;J%G+J%KXFMH4+.\R;4SC?B*
E?QZ?C7/:AK&AZAHYL(=$N;;5




M-\

B


M(%&=J;2. 
MW#_Z&*TAP /2LW61^ZLP/^?R'_T,5I+T_6@!:*** BBB@ HHHH

P)X]


M;/

M2]*8!4-Q MS;R02 [)%*MM)!P1ZBLK4/%6EZ7J LKMYDDV;\B!V7&0.H%7;7
M4EOM
6^M())%=2T:
-C-CI][&



+6O(+0WBNX(./N[0/_'J -VBFJVX
M9QCV/6G4 %
D&Y-Q7((R.U/IDK!(V)5F 4GC)/L* .(C9X=5FMC)=F#[1N
M?S;A
.0Z DJ(^.H.
C(KNJYI]0M;Z[@QHE^MP)U*2RV1 0Y +$]N.]=+B@ H





44
MM N3\:Q(YLI3=VL;6V^X$-R7 ;;CYQLYROT_BKK*Y?Q0L;ZKIRBUN9Y]K-

MS#(;Y\S#;Y5Y$L87J

M)?[=\Q5\O3_M0!E^R+N


MGI0!)VKB_'26$T$8OK

7#(


MLEXVC1006#.

MA7D_Q'!R/;%2Z#'L@E8W*W#L^6=;DS#MWVC'TQ1X@EG2Q MQES(
A55GV]]B

UUX8M%NGN$A



8_6





L+LR
M-B
#:


8=CB.(X /6N8NH_ 4]R&O=(O-*N&/

M5EYMRQ;RU'F

M\\EL]J[BV?98?)8M$$&QNI(QQ7&PZ'/IOB:ROG(+7$Y\R4S.?F*R;AMZ8;
MY2/3!H Z;6YA;Z3(Y
JC@$Q2K$PZ#[S8 K/\.WOG23Q2WBL2P
4
UU'+*

6=RR-)-'(D@;@?

M5/2R#I5H5.084QQ_LBKG:@84444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !12EH **** BBB@ HHHH R]88J+$8X:\BY_'-:8Z5EZSR^GC_ *?(
M_PM:@X&* %HHHH **** BBB@ HI** %JLEU;//)#'-&9D^^BD97ZBK&*\^

M=G]:TM
&W2;-1T$#_QT5R?A*!(M U.Y@TZ:SM+J/SHO.N?.:0;
YZCH.#7

@+_ &O=MY^UX\WK_%CC


9]ZZ?3[I;?PC%=V9^T((#+&1'




_SJW7
M
^)HEDOK ^7
[A_^631@ ;TQNW]?GV=/3GB@#6OKV-=&FO89E
8A
BR \8QG



MZG\Z0&_% EM8B!6<)''M#.Q8X QR3R3]:X+P-';IXAFBBO[.X0^8GD6[J[!

^08F-PEM&'!B
M#*26R
@;@.G-;]EK-AJ
\\%K-OD@)#C:1T.#C/7D8XKG?&!LXG\^Z:_416LC
ML;6;RP4W*-IXYW-B@#H-*T];
W
_VB2=[E]Y=P!@8PJ@ #  X]:T:YSPDTBV






M_P!(BNT\4HHF@#+.S3M_:(D
ORD
F#@#CFM73K-;PBM5=G$8(WMU8YR3^= %JBBHKBXBM8&




MN?F P 5/T]*V9()KFWUV*VFMDD-T &GCWHO[N
71235_L$F@Z-K$V<





MNX\2317FN^3
@4K9WL3M;=!SE2.OZ5UW@NZN9]/ECD_L=H8=JQ/IDF5/!^\O

M.B64'EX !^]Z]:!'0Z;SIEJ2
'R4_P#015JJFE8_LFSQ_P \$_\ 015N@844
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% EHHH **** BDSW-8$
MOBC3GO?[/M;V-+PS)/-C?RV(;YE#8P3U'!ZT =!135SGOBEH RM8&9M
_Z_

M
K&%_




?6FP/0+NU2[M)('
BJXQ^[;:P^A'2N0\




JYI@;6C+)I6DRK?7+*.4^7+<S!SLP.2WINSCVQ


;ABLLMJ9Q&0RDG Z84


M:7S2N1GEN_UKC[.^B7Q488VE+?:!_HL5Y(2FYI

M:=Y.V=FD8$!+=Y%;!!*MM!P#T_&JOA!YFTZ3SXA$Z;4($4B9P


MU!-



M

M-M.

6@M2/IR1]*Z
M?5O

CZFNOU^.22UMHH'NDG:=1&;8JK]#GE@0 !D_A0 S2;(2&TO%F8PPV
MQMTB


&18TBC(?SS<;C=!@;&SU/UJUX4





M);P_9

C ''/O


&@CX5T\V33;+XMX?*C1'G

5U%*RA5


M


M$54):42&3 'S9''- &UBCI124 +1244 +124M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %)1WH% %74+VWTZREN[M]D$8RQQGVP .2:Y6:&Z:]LK 7^GBQN9Q=P+


M#3VLT5Q&QO'FC=8PK L5(^;DD!V:Y[XIU(/\:6F!E:L ;W21CG[6.?^V;UJ
M+TK,U3!OM(R.?M1Y^D4E:8&!B@!:**2@!:**3O0 M%%% 4HHQ1TH 3O7FVM


M: LH\)W[3:ZFKR-&Y\Y&W!!M^[GJ?QKKD^XOTH &Y'3O7!^(VLAXC8W$%N;A

V6.




MKC?&5_8V5S;BZ-^':)ROV.?R\].']%[[CP*3 V]*MH&\.6=M;W$KP^0JI
/D



MEZ5?BW;4RX*-LB/FLOS



8

[


M

ZE0[?/N&D<J.<#<2




---;SSW NC

?YQ6_6+X=CN+:UEM)V23R9

KP[W\Z2ZM8 @

'I3/#J6J

M12J+;.$+

M07437=OJ


[GR$3&Y@N3S@=AGO0!6ULQ#1YS-<I:Q

M2D:;.SVCW:;2&@102X[C!ZUS?AW4&N==G2.SOUMSAC
[Q
L*Y?@;6+=1WY

M(SI%P.
L 


[6B=]A!].



@K]#C

M89+L


M4]



M4SM#J40:.XEB\@E%AU%;;:^X_

M;P#N!4D&D@-JBBBF AXKC+BR\%1:A=B2:W@NT8O+LNV1BQR3_%U]J[.N%\1S


#J 

#C_ !=++'?62V\M]'.5.3:SI$-I

$UQ'BG4M4MKVZ'VK2+RWWE5M



YO+:7



[


M_#6R34)2K02

;=T
M\


MD







&' V[NG

6
+
MY4$:@N2Q P/KQ5^L'Q2+DZ8Q0VAML'SX[B!Y=XR,!0O.<T 6-&UF/5T9E@DA
M=51BKD'AAGJ.O((_L;4I)$\0F4:7?MY<:A'C\G8Y^;!&YL\9S^ ]*E\%1QQ
M:;

 
N5)?I\WXX
MH ['3H3'I5M$5*
D*J1D9!VCN.
_3BN2F8QZOO\ .U4VT-Y';LQU$C+G:!^[


M3[U-28H **** .(O-2TWP]KU_P#VMIDL@NY!*EZ+;S$*X $]B#Q^-3^$I;

5



M[;$U-QNC5N6 ' /!PM=;%METR

DB??


M



MF* L[6+FWAT^1+HR*97B/EH6/W3^@-:.*RO$$3R:)=;+^6QQLS31@'



MIL\^#
%C61'(&


F4/$RDD @@D'&


M^O _PI@=R.E!Z4AN5/TH XKQ7-:S23[1H7E+_H[O?Q&5E?KM!'3KG%=/H]

DGFS(T:C

M>#GD


MI(W'@CGCI28'4:=;PVFE6UO;N)(HXE5'S]X =:XW0I+.7Q&'2VL_MK2L7VV
MR2%2A+9/LW'/7-=E8/'+IEM+@CC:)61%Z*


'D+YG8@8P!@4





JO!_2N:M]'\7V1@2TN=%-O;J



VMHJ9+M=)NC(VD8/(QU'/
MM5'PD\UQ+)-]MT2Y@;2; I(#G^+GIQ6EKUG)/]BN([;[6+.X$S0#&7^4CC
M)QD9S4&E1RSZY)??V2]A ;<19EAY6#9R0I/ 'K3 Z+%)BEHH XZ2[6/Q!=1





WMV]Z8%3PCKKWDD]A/;:G%-'N?=?
C$X(!4%0.F1Q[UUHZ5R_A+3K)

G26]GYC2#EXX90CD$-M








MY90)#'/+O'J0/N%\9P.M 'IU%*** .0UTA?#=XYLY;M4U$2/!$I8LJRJ3P/8
M5QNDW'AS4?$E]'?/=:9;27
4]M82KY:M+M&2W'J.F17

MBD7I2T %% I* %I**

QR0N_=]3G&.E=
M#'H6F:'IFI'3K-+9;B-GD2/@$A2!QVK-U#X=Z+J%_+?A[RWNY)?-
D$Y'S9S


RSNH./[QQZ G
MKMJXGPP)/[;1IX=LKPEFQIRPX!5OSA<\9==N<\=*[:@!:*.U% !1110 444




:N7(0VLHE8JA1@S9Y QUKEM 9
MGU.T663PQ.ENOV/RF884G<=QYP0<<=<T =C124=Z .2U^::34[62VF2:*(




MWJI:Z



M.C/$
ML#ET!QN&TY&?7WK$\/2B75[CS/MCR!&CBDN;A9,JC[7PJ@8^8=3UQ3 ZFD9@
MH)/ ')-+5348)+G3KJ-MKRQ
V2<Q(6179E4'U;:0<=ZSQ:WUV+*T3P]%IQAF1


M2-9^RQ7%A/#
L8;[


JR$EI;;SPI

M*3S#!'(NP93 ^8_4?5:ZSQ
WL+W$&JR

MGH0N?I7;J
*.
;;N*(6 8@8/.
]C61X+UW2]








6-ZURL5S?M$#;L%8
TK8SG
MMFLK3+72'SIFMH;2]6TFAGLDSN+*NY 2=W4T =V.E+2+PHXQ2T  HHHH
M 

MI&&13(?]2G&/E''X4]CA20




MX;F!FBCD
@CNC+OR4Z G/4

28.




MI




 HHI* *6L G2;D X.P\U

M61#

2?#_2FE
J7.I1









M!/KCM7

44O:@#-UI[*/37.H$+;Y .=W7MT&:Y#PJ]B^KVR6WEQR0Q/O


SK

0%7'R.W.%[^E.\2S6]M#9S7

M +3 [2BBB@ K*\18&AW!+A






\Y2XD\QP[;MYSD@ 'G/(%5M;DN89X62
M2%E8
$@-@]PY[$\

#!_7O5[1DC33HUC=&49P$A



C [CVXQ7HH' KEM(N-=GU+.H^&K:QC93OGCN4=LXR!P 3GZUU
M(Z=
4 &*





5T.E0);:39P)
)TCA5%


MH21Y_M X


B!VR
=\9!Q[5S1NO#5_XBCN]-N&N-5FO+=HXD@96A5
!U.1PNT'

B&(D&#T'6GT 9Q\/Z.6W?V38DYSDV
MZYSUZXJY(KI?*10#@

J&9F1XUR K'!W@C!X'3O[
M4 5+3Q78)=BQNXOLUPA D\K$L2D\ %U'R\\?
%KIJX'P7J
M[?/8RSB:W6%F
M$?VFVE .1_#$JD?RKO@
4 %(*6C% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (*6B

MC*\^^*]#N?
\B7R0#+L.SZXX_6N!T28V]_ID4%]J9U8L%U&SG#LA.T[G.X84


M&AMXF3 !)YR3GK^E;-+28I6 *6DQ2TP$H%+10!1U;/\ 9LF!Z9_
5='2JFJ\


4M
 HHHH *





M2N-Q  &0#CL/RK2M;:.SMT@A!$:#@L6Q^)YH F%(0#U I:* # ]**** DI



?9I/\ T$UJ
M5D^)R1X7U/'7[._\J -.



;ORZH5E6.G7\%Z+B\U1KL*A14\A8P
D$GCKT
M_6M6@!.]%+10 44F*
4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E(!:2BBD!SOBRXE


MCY@(Y';-=1=B#[+


_4




CH?6G4 %%%% !1110!5OKZ.P
M@\^8A8PZJ68X R0

UKR
MPQSQ-'+&DB
/F5P#]14,-A:6Y0PVD$?EA@FQ -H8Y;'IDCF@P2.12T44
M%%%% 8JA?ZO;Z;*$F#\PO*-JYX3:/K\PQ6A5#4]'T[5T5=0LXK@*%++RN

%M+++'&1)+@.



M

X
M7/I51M2LD:$-=VX\[_59D'S_ $]:ML

IXI] !1110 4444 %%%%  *
M*** BBB@ K'\5-L\+:F?^F#=?I6QFL;Q4?^*8OQU!3!_
4 ; Z4M Z44 %

NB'
M'5L=!7#6.GZEJ%[+?Z5XJTB&\;+&WL8\5NN'!//UVYKO]6MYI8!)#J3V/E
MLSJB,

KJ)#9F&X8!025(;###+SCI2 [R
MQ-PUE;M$2X*#S50Y ;'('M5B@#%% %1VQJMNN1S#+_Z$E6ZIO\ \ABW_PN




M@IP


;



MU'SCB@#U!'61%=K#(([BG57L@BV-N(T*1B-=JGJHP.*GH 6B@44 %1331V


Q+ S
-VWH



@DV1R2


M=SX&E?4(98YRZ!%EP)-GF+@N!P&QUH [!3D4M(.E

M@2BN1LKG6I;Q(9O$FD&192K01P LR@]OWF02!T(XKK1TH *6DI: BBB@ H


M@93R03][@Y'TKLZ\LN/#EG97TCZGX=U2:8RLZ:E83EVE))(++N&W /?TI
#K
6P=8@2Q&.=H')/M7(:??6VI7E@INO$%U











M/D2;59CM.%7 )/H



MHH **** DI:* $I:** BBB@ IH]*6B@!I16^\,_6G#I110 T@'&: H]*=
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %1UMUD
@@C$AZN%&?SJ6B@ QBBBB@ HHHH

M*ZN+ 1@+%:W@MG63)RQ/&X$$8YXQTYKJJ* 
CP]!J$&EB/42XE$C;%DF$K*G

5IVUKJMKX/2WO GV@3H(XR

M2T4 )2T@%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444F.* %I*6DQS0 4HI.U+0 4444
M %%%% 448I: DHQQ2T )2TF.:6@ HHHH *
444 %%%% !1110 4E+28YH


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W[%%+12L
ME(2:=28HL W)S2')-/P*,46 :,^E+S2_A2XHL @I:**84M%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4@&#G'-+10 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%







MB7:1'6VNM-CCQ';R0J&![?
* .AB86XW'@2#C_@*_XU9ZBJT2JT]QD _.,_
M]\K5GH*8!1124K@% HI: BBBF 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


M&H_*GT4 1+&R-\KDIZ'M4M%% !2=Z6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
]1VRW489+F99.ZE5P0*5P,GQ=/!;Z/ MS:7%W(\P$8MW\MU
M<*S;@W; !KFO#5I:^()F=IM:$L+P33&] (E4%FC4'^Z

M96



3-=@XR)@..F-BFKE4K8;);Q
MSS^]! ]MBU+]J7*A03D\^U
!2\WG[=@*8ZU-0!C-+18 HHH%
 HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ J-I&65$$ALY;LN*DHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3%&






M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

L-NDK2G(8
2


M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


M6J0+NE8%C\HP/-EZ?]=&J]5#1R&TY6'0RRG_ 
B-5^J **** BBB@!*4444
M )2T44 %%%% !1110 444E !1110 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M )112T (*6DQ2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 4HHH% !

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $I1244 ![T#BBC%


MUHK(MVN!_9HF8

;L

_Q8S[4^F 445'
6$3&
 N%.T'IGZT 245Q
6JW0N8XQ'K



M/WH*_
(S)L4D MM')P


[RJ$:)2%









MI&0KN7TSGD4

M9N(S MT^^0)N3(8Y/?.!DUN@ @$BJ]^
6Z^\T7_HQ:0'
:@NI6]_?:A:WLJ3
BV5@7#FWA6(L!@' QQ3 NBE


MLH/ZT@.?U%[R+2-4\B&

\'2RIJDUO$D
ULT6]


M& #\RE03GZ5T';MTK
U6UGNY;6..6XCA#EI#;N%8''RDYZKGMSVXQF@#'\&V


LBJ9'NYXB-HSND
M56 *GH.1GO76:6=4_M&=+]24CA55F!&V4[F^8 =#C&1ZULE=RX89XYI
#F=$







8Y]:W]+NX+C5E4W5U/.(I%*SA$\DJR;E(4#)R1SSTXJGK
[1/

MKB*1_7C(()'0XQ7?M!)+K&J^6Y1WLX8T8=5/[WG]:\_31[+1WB672-?M=91




M/=YL@)5

QB\T=T##D9_I6#HD.F)J\RZ39P68AB9;N..Y4


A 8_ZM3DCCKQ2 ])4


M




4P


VAV



.-K$/@@UR\?A_6]+T



MN3









86STBD'ZI5L578#[9%G
MKY;?S6IQTH 6BBB@ K'\59_X1B^VD@[!T_WA6Q65XE_Y%^ZP
\+U_P!X4 :@

M4444 9MHH&L:@V.OE#I[&K
-G;PB41PHJRN7=0.QZG%069SJVHGWC'_ ([6
MA0 @4     =A2T4E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (!1BB
MEH 04M%% !1110 4E+10 4E&*6@ I
#T%+10 E+10* BBB@ Q1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 )4-WQ93GTC;^535#=_\ 'G,/6-OY4 )8KLL+=?2)1^@J
MQ3(EPH


]Q



MH_\ 0%JU0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% 4
MO:BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#12XHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M444 %%%% !2'IS2TR5MB
Q/ 4F@OI@QI5H/^F*_RJW5/26#Z/9,.C0(?_'1
M5R@ HHHH **** BBB@FQ_XG^UN3_X\*MU3;/]L#CC[/U_X%5W% !1110

AJ

M*6@GJN/[(O,CCR'_P#035B'B)!CH *J:P2-&OB.H@?'Y&KB#B@!XHI** %
MHHHH IV?-W?G/_+8#_R&G^-7*I67_'YJ _Z;C_T6E7: BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **!10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2TE !2TE+0 4444 %%%%


4(4$


M %%%% !1110!4Q_Q-B?^F _]-6^U52D@U,R;?W7D@;L]\DXQ5H=* BBB@
MHHHH #TJO:_=D_ZZO_.K%5[0
$DW*03(YY_WCB@Q1110 4444 %%%% !5&^
M -UI_P#U\'_T!ZO53NU+W5C@'Y9BW3_8;_&@V.E+2EH 3%**** D%+1B@

4 )1110 HHH%% !24M&* $I


M96']FXW;A=L9 ON-N

@  )-0:=KE
MAJLCQVTD@E09:.6)XG ]=K '% &@ %&   .PI:*3O0 4HI*44 %%!. 35._U




9R

MH !2T@I: 



M6)(5@#(R[3G# J.O&#Z4 8E[;2WVJ7+VM]_9QCEVO&+MD
QP
DKT''3%='
MHSH^EVQC5579T5BXZ\D

\$$]OI6U9$
MM:Q

0WDAACY&[H <YQUXXK7U0VGV<)=VWVB-F
M 6


M'TIU !BBBB@ K/U _O+'C_EY4?H:T*H7X'FV(/\ S\#I_N-0!?'2BD'2EH *


_A0!+HDES);-YYN'52%1[F$1R-ZD@?AV'T
MK5K%T*V:U%Q&\5I ^\


M]P_2@#E(_$MV]G]O:?2TBW8^SF5O
'.-O3[WMBMC5]3?3X83&(%:641[[A]B



M[*!YFW!Z;NG.
]\4 &G:O)-JIT^6:SG?RO-#6S$[1G'(_$=_PK:KEO#EFUAJ



XPP(X/3'7OTI/$T$]S8)#

MHH%% !7-^



]JDUZ22*^LY;*!


M@ HHHH 0C*D=..U



1LXX(P#]*=H.G/IT4J-965L&(Q]E9FW8


ME


M]ALKE;-3([*P^SNR.@!.0V['X=JU-3?4(K57TZ.%Y%;YED#'Y.^T#&3[52M]

MA8EA






M^-.I%&!2T )0*** %HH[44 %)1WHH *7M110 5&\$3S)*T:F1 0K8Y /4?3@





4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ':BBB@ %%)10 M%%% !1110



GD2\?@* -&


M57N6.!0 ^BHEN(G?8DB

M-^&4
H.
'IN(%365W]LA


JAPP.
8SF@#0HI*6@ HHHH *S;K_D.:;_USF_DM
M:59EU_R'=-'_ $SF_P#9* -*C%%+VH *!10* DI:2@!110** BBDH 6BD)




NX#\


M


2#T5023Q^6:A\
P1PVMRT;P9DG+-'! 8EB;

P




!Q*V



MI(X(''Y4^HKC_429_NGI]* 




M &XUZWO)GO)+&:[=+=9+TOME4


M3ACP

MY@LKO.9L_*I&&(!QCMCBMPL!VH ?132
9Z_UH =1
M36=5ZD#ZT9X]* '4E-# MC'(Z^U*2%QF@!W:BF!Q@''6G$XH 6BFYYQS1N';


FJ^I7PT^S:


%2


5H4





MM(?S8DU7O-5MK*812&5YBN_RH8FD;;G&2%!P*GM;N*\C
D1; 8J0RE6!'8@\

MUI=FUN-2M8YU(#1M( 5)Z ^E %IK5S8?9A=3J^S9]H&TR?[W3&?PK.T_0KBP
MEC/]MW\T2

MZC;3S8SLCD!./I0!I8HHHH **** $Q6;+_R










MHGE


M\/V)36+:9[N[EFCC

I=






M BBBE8 HHHI@)1110 M9FI G5-(Q_S\.?\ R$]:0JA?0F74=.8=8Y';/_ 
M/ZT 7Z6DHH 6BBB@# \8/(GAZ41:@;%W.P.L/FE\@C8%ZG/MZ5@^$+ZYN-26




F0,'\*UJ B@44 +1244 <QK/[W4Y(H[NWL754+2RW#QF4<D !2O3UR:NZ1
M-!_9$S10?)&S[PC&03$=2I/+9]Z2^U+[3):C3GO)(W10% )8%B 3TP 3S5


<5S]_#HB&1YY@AED=3&+J1$9_X@5!V]QG(QZT /N4M8_HC\XM
ML+')L#;B -OR]\D#CWK+TRYU&[UBQ75;
60BSY)%J%\UMIXW;VV\9.WVKI&


P
M.3GKGVKKFZ5SLVB.U]<RR66GWZS2;PUV'C&



MZEJ
MMI*7

/LORM& 
\C)X
M[9^E6M76].D1B(3/*GG+;L%9UXW $__ %N,UGZ,K'4(_L=CJ-G;*K87;\

I/&/R-6]

O#J!)B-AJIU@@XOS*/(#

M9E-ED%
8^\


MM:VD)=?V/\XF24E_*6Y(9T7/RAB

^5SPO&!SC/L

M 3G.[KQTKH?#XNAI$:W2.A5F$8D #B/=\H8 8SCC\* -2BCM10 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 55N 3?6F0!O)Q]*M55F)^WVP'=7_ *4 60,

+CMQSSCTK+\(


DFS!(&&'8XYX/K28$'AA5B%Q


J%6(^X
M1@@'.!TKLZ3%+0 4444 %%%% !1110!5:QC:^:ZW/N9-C)N^1Q[CU]Z9IVFP

1$57<@L0.IZ<T 8^H164'A]!.\L
M5M;HC))Y;




(/84^





K36
LQ*2%Y




MQ=:?:H8T81RI.6=0PY&#&N




M/=G(PWIY?/3/6NA P
4@&* *.J7=S96GG6]H+E@RAD
FS /?.#T^E5;6*\EU

T8XH QKO4=234WL[?25F01AUD:XV!AT(
MQM/0XJ[ID!ALP&M1;.[





M;
J(B
SKQTW C(_6M.B@#+T6.Z%BKWD]Q+([
0)XU5E&XXR /3%:E%% !244
M8H *6BB@!!2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !12=Z7M0 4444 %%%% !1110


M;A(O#C]:FHHL E59?^0G;C_IC)_Z$E6L8JK*/^)I;G.
0R#I[I0!:Q2T@.0*
M6F 4444 (1FC%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH **2EH
M **** $I:2B@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 
4444 %%%% !111
M0 44E+0 48HHH 
4444 %%%)0 55BXU.88_Y8H?_ !YZMU3B).KW(]((O_0I


M@ /(BD./Q2@R!@ 4M)FEH **** DI:

M[5*$C^U[K'_/&+/YO0!=HHHH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** $[TEQ1B

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** LW7O^0/+_O)_PAK6E69K_.DN/62+_T8M &G124
M4 %+28I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!**** %HI** %%%%5+K4[*R9%N
M+F.,O((P?XCT'M0!:HJH=3LA=0VWVF


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M(*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** J%KSJU\?18
MU_0_XU?JC:'.I7_L47_QW/\ 6@]1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %9^LC=I[+_ --(O_1BUH50UC L!GO-/\ R(M %_%&*** BBB


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 )WK.L#G5=4XZ21C_ 

?Z0@!]O*2@#5HI

M3TO+FUG

-:U'4-12+A;Z


M10?\3N?_ *]X_P#T-ZO'H:HQ_P#(:N/E.!;Q8/K\ST 7@.!10.E+3 **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** L?2&WZEK+#I]K_E$@K8K*T;)GU0DGF\/7V1* -2BBC% !2T44 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4F*6B@!*Q_$0W6UF!U^WVY_P#(@/\ 2MBL
M?Q#Q%IWO?P?^A4 ;-%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24
MM)28!7'^/(Y9+.S#PW


0/? S


M %%%% !1110 E8_B#[FFC_J(0_SK8K'U]2QTL#_G_B/Y;C0!LT444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%








FW&I1:;JE[JDUU!ADM8G









M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *R/#O\ R#Y_^ORY_P#1SUKUD^'E

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H









\U


M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




M%OU]N9/%:S

M]XW]Z8'_ 



M* BBB@ HHI* %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $[TEQ2@!:2EI* %HHH


MY)+T:'%?(55/

!-

48I@**1ONG'7%




UV

MC2+/_KBG_H(H NT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !520



M27# 0#^]D9QCKC K:\0?;/(A
 NF@#?OQ:


 9R!@YSG[V10!

8





M




ES_UU_P#915@]*K6?WKG_

MHH **** BBB@ I*6DH **,4M !1110 8HQ110 @I:** BBB@ HHHH ****



4444 %%%% !24M%)@1S


M 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH 
4444 %%4;[4DL7C1HIY7DSM2&




M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !124O:@ HHHH 3O11WHH *6D%% T4DH
M
44M% !VHHHH **2E[4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%(:* %HHHH **** DI:* $
MI:**  ]*J6/2?_KN_P#.K=5+#[DQ_PFS_SI 6Z2EI*8BB@44 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110!POBN2&UUCS)KEX=RY5AJQ@() ' ' ..M=-H
4T6F1

M$0C2C+O)_P!OISZ]J[-L[#MQG''UKB)8]1N('WV^II/; M&V7 EN';/;JBX
M]


D2+&Q4@9((':@#B
M]-U2&XU% EO:SRRW!S(=-F#C)_O





'G&

\FN:U^TTV76

MB@ HHHH 0]
^E5=
 &EV@ P!F/R%67X4U7TX;=.MAMVXB48_ 4 6:*6DQ0
MM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 




MT =2.@IU(!P*7I0 44E% U2D/\ Q.H1Z6[_ /H2?X5=K/.3KWW1@6QYSZL.
MWX4 :%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5BZOK'V*:UMI+/[3*QQ]IFV* 
9


M


B%6)
M R2!@\5/JUDJ:%)'!;+


MG\
5TVJZC'INGRW!

AI!D;5&X$!3WQFLSQ#KN=6$ TB[^T1'RXW=(PDGSJP



]A72Z


MN;FZN;.\B@2YMT1V
$A=&SCD@'/!_2H_$=MYFE-*EI!-*KJ,S04QHS*'(!
1HR70<=B!R*XSQ#?VUQXD_V?


5K?P


T :@HI** EHHH ,D
MP/04M% !T&!11VHH **** C HHH ,#TI.:




UIRZ-)/X4;2!Y-L[




\W7_KJU
M &G1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!SNOSSC4+2WB:YVR)(2EO


ME[(RG: +5\


M]1
GG
Z7$8A(W''R;L]/:NQ% T4E% T444 4M5NGL],N+I-FZ)XWL%7C

MI7#O\PWC=AL



M?6B5T._(&2+:0C_ODU8M/^/6'_KFO\A0!.**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


^U:=5[&&6WM

M2Z=YK320/(^P;H8B@VJ
 8+-T% &O10.E)0 M075TMI;F9T=@&5=J#))) 'Z



4 :M%

LQ9BHR2
$G [=J5P):6DI:8!

UQL/'7@ \?7KBM*RN1=VD4ZJ5
G%=7IQ<V%N9%







M7VH Z&BBB@ HHHH *RX?^1FO/E&/LT//?[TE:E9-LV[Q/J(_N6\'\Y* -6EH


BEKGM

X


KS3[BT07'WN@PW!'H/4]-
MO3'\W3+:0]6B4GG/;UYXJV5!!!&0?6@#'\AB@!:2EHH **** (KJ7R+26;:6


E%O8P7LG'[B=MJN
\

CCFMRL#1=.N+.[+MHVFV:.I+26

MTVD(T4.ILZE@[HR;U90HRQ#)RH [YJ'PXU@UY=?8-^QHXV)N!+YQR6Y)D_A]
M
B5]T*36@4E0W4$-P0<G^';1[8S^<^I2SD*&EO@@) Z!=
MO&.OYT ;PHHZ4E TE+24  I:2B@#

M%%% !1110 444@()(]* %HHHH 2EHHH *Y&_T=KC4;B6YTNZO)W[J:/4@5

XC =%  !^@X'X5?H Y_7-.GO;

M_K4NHOJR3PKI\-JT;Y#M







M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 

M5-%_Y =ACI]FC[?[(I














*#@D8/

44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 8I1110 4444  HHHH **** BBB@#
M(\4#/AR]&0
J 
^[M;H*R?$V/\ A'KK*[A\O'_ A6O0 E%%% T444 %%%%

A@3N
MS]
8Q^-6:7%&* BC%% !1110 E+12@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH 2BEQ1B@!*7M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)2

M@):**2F M%)2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MU* $I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#61I(_P)OKC$
M=;I.?^V

M* BBB@ HHHH **** #M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH K7W_(/N?^N3?RJ:,$1J#U %0W
MW_(.N?\ KDW\JL#DT +24M% 4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% &=K/\ QXI_U\0_^C%K1K.U


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@MJ!QIUQD9_=D?I5@=ZK:B0-.GRN
MX;

MZ5U(KSK25T]O&2S);Z2DQF=?(B5_M
9^;YV/3Z\8YZUZ(OW10 M%% H ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


MVEIX?TJSM+Y;I+?4(E:4
#N??EAQ[FNQH&%%%% 4HHHH **** BHS/L@C
M,L8=L@*6&3CVJ2@!*J:8
6CC '[^;I_UU:K9JGIG_'K)_U\3_\ HUJ +M&*
M*


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH H:R1_

!C

M)12XH BGC$MM+&QVAT*D^F17 3ZI=Z;H9T[T2^N(1((KG3P&CF7&!V^7(Z


'I[2*:OCI0 M%
M&*,4 %%%% !0#D=:6BB@ HHI* %KG+DZK)<RF%KHJDIVF

()98M3L3<_:4!MAYRR$Y48.U\$X_V<4F!Z H&.#GWIU(







5_/J445OY7V2Z



D;C@XXH WX)H[B!)HG#QNH96'0@U)5338


MYLT
ZH[^N$:NDH 6DI110 4444 %(3T^M+5:_$!L)OM/$&T[SDC _#G\J 
2
M.WO9-3
:+.--^T&3(2





MB)8H&BC6QC!!*\MDG^[P*ZRN:T3^PXM2$6G:O/=3-$6\I[YYE@CG!)QU%=




*[9?

W
M7'X4 =LG]GZ18C:MO9VJ<\81 345KK^E7<X@M[^24_=4-C/T]?PJIXHN5L]
M(

.


3P !4&C:RNKI.3:W-I-^R2X4!E[@\9X
M(H U:2E%)WH *6D%+0 4444 %)2TE %'5W2/2[AI%8ILP0LGEGDX^]QCZ]JS

M)2T %%%% !15*^U.VT\?Z1+M.QGP 2=J]


MM)B-Q.L1C.TY8DAN


'WJV*8$5S
EM:S7$F=D2
[
M8] 
FN?N/%BV]O9
=+NI;FYB

M\*1Z587YT^_G6[GB6





M$&R.&./RO*CW G*X!/..:Z7PZ -).
?\?-QT_PNST1K444E Q:**2@!:**
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6B@!*6DI: $HI:* BBB@ HHHH **** B





'
M5#@@

@Q_JH[IMWX';C\




5)4


-<N!N('



^S(R
KN[9Z9]Z - &C-



M D(+9 =B(W;G'2N]O

\BM#1-0.H6LK





MN%?;*WJPA;-=#0 F*
4M% '

G




M. : 

MD?/AE].*[2@!:X/Q[J-U;O!:#0$U&R=2\DTD#R%L\8C@]Z[RN#\9ZY_8VH
M796^^R3/IA^SL5)!D#YP.


MT8T9

MT2OY;CYER
X- %NBDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH SM6&4LQ_T]1?SS6@O2L[5GV?8AC.;N,?SK17^E T444 %%%% !1110 4


^V*[ZXW^0WE\/@X/H:
'5852WUJ=9(R+A)GCE&_*\C#< 9-=\.@S7FW@*2Q;6=EO<:&\OV?+
M)9VCQS#IU8\=L'UKTD#@4P(YQ(8F\K'F;3MSTSCBN.74IELH-, U0ZRDX=B8
M'\MI,Y.Z3&WR^3P#TKM6[8KFIM9U=M9FM+&RLI+:58G:6ZV2'(!.!@^O'K2


=]TN]=JJJ
<C#.-I+=.1TKH]0O)[5HUBT

.-Q .#Q[&J^O0O/I3Q




TSF3
7E8;/(VY.*VZP_\EO-I;O:2^;;BYF2%RY8



#G!R/:I]

!]:6J]Y.+:W\PJ6^=% SCEF '\
MZ .'2YT^V\3I-Y$%IMN7$EP;N0^8<'C85 )ZYY.*[]2@(.1C@CO7-1B)-1M


G]*[B_V1V$Y=F6

M-TKQ=J5YJEI?
D)T/4;IK2U&TB7(4D.3TP=IX]ZZS5GB:W:VE:1/-C?YT'W0


M&NLK!UOPKI.OWB3WL4AGB4*KQS
C*




M%% !1110 444E '*^)I'_M!(FN((X?+#YDDB5E(W$[=W.XX09Z 9KH-

S:=


M^^
1@*WJ

4 +112@!:*** BB


TPL








MM-)!=3
MREM+.9+:.ZSYBH0




TJTTT^)UG0WH'VHM





N\1R(^PX8(P.T^A]* 








;74
/UI

MUL #1#&(Y$$MK:2).^T@9+




8H T/'
VGW^6^
^6Y5N#D8(Y'(K'O
2.0R+YUT[C<05R03@G!(__ %5NTA89QSGV%+0 5SNF+ITOAC3+?45M
MG26)0D<ZJ0QQVS71-T/TKA[EHIOVAV1T:'4[BYB AAF(55PF2Q;'&..G/-
M&KJL=G8:OH3QV
+

M.O/M0N[JXD\E8%






=O:N5\06=Y+K
M8LXY&A5&CMO+&TLK@%MV.=VW'T-=7;46\8GB4* ^SIG Z4 3444E T44
G8S




-I$$AN(?-CC4D9<KWQ3



M


K]F)

BQPJH+
Z%UX(.HY(/3 ZYK)\)P6D*SFU=V8H@E9[-X




MEH%4&4BZ50Y]E
;8/;/%=6)$9R@92R@%@#R
]*QM4DTN1G^TZ8;R2-U11]F#

I

M9(_GW7_ 

_P#[3KB!9^/GM;ZZ^R:@)9\S[[60DL2?FX!'..] '=







GS/!:B:12!D8!#8''7%/\.3@V
3'E@2[V?G9P
N*W=1&
M_P -2;7BCQI!1S&G8X!Z@'I^-<WXT@O;K5X8]/CNC)Y \PQ7T=NK#<V!\P)
M)Y/(Z9KJOL8FT:*V.ZV/E(




DMQG
EC/YBJ6.


U)10 M%%% !1110 44











)+UA
Q4@K\F



M-R!^56:H:O8'4]-EM5E

M:.F:AJ4Y7^DFTR1*)59?Q .5)].?K6-XQFABO+$7

K(XO=V&) P/EQWSFJG@R2UD6]



M![9S72^'(YHM$@6X^V^:






(M[
KO4

6*Y'.X9

C@A=N-P.:[(=!7)08D


M

M^HQVNI^&C:))G-S#
KH

M







M*L4 %(PR




 ]#D$_[6* .ETE




MK&TK#!;''7C)H Y_PA:V
=S-);1Z '



M/QJ]X;








H[@GVS56X\
Z^VW-].RLA4W=HL! (S


D8

82)5
M&U@P!_=[?2@U67K5ZMI9L97M%B975_M

M6

MW_AK6VN%L;M]&NO-'G^;$5AF8-D;@.
Y7KUYKT&4_P#%36PQ_P NDO\ Z%'7
:;#</Y!9QDF!]Z$^


M%-O+\N
8_P!7P:T:H.NW6;
#HMO*/_'HZOT#
K7M
N=4M(4M+T6=Q#
)4F
0

G#8/(S

8/
M2M/1N=$L



05






0<.N2O^\RG/4;<5UUON^SQEFWL





G[I3@'/4'GBNEH 1N5
E<Y)H$SO+:1ZW/


M*@VH(L 'J %KA_%HO1K





.*W-:++I$[*[H0 24E

0\+7RSF4@C#8'3'(SWR*ZX5Y[X$*/JTF(-!C9(#]A@
MECEQD 9+@97C\\5T&O3ZC9W22P:K!:P&)FVO9F4C:!DY##U  ]30!T5%9NAR




RMD_P# 0 /H*X+Q/J%B=4GLXM T
MY+I9E7[3J






B[EXQQ]*LU0T2ZDOM%L[J90
MLLL2NP P



M(7



M$NKK/)J5O'8[TO1$Q\Q950!
C(^9&SSCM5[1U1-+A$88#DD

MK(U.





M2@ K@O%+^'[J74Y]6T=+F+3E1'E!*R/*^
(N.HP?_K5WU8-[X4T^_P!8CU.?
MSS(C*YA63$3LN=I*]R
T 9/@&#3H(;_['97ME




XY[T =?;KL
MMXU!,*!L'1?:I:9'P@&


M8P'2U\GYOFW+G W=C[9KJ: $/2O
=;U/0M4\3I/_ &]8V)B4*)H%?[22#R
_
A&3Z?2@#L],CN8
M;-8[BY-U@G9,V-SKDD$X &<8J_4<1#0J1C!'4'/ZU)0@D894CU%+2$9!%
#


]PGA^Y
$2R2
M?*





M-O\ #C.





MF2ZI! D%T+::&=)DD


2&'



M)#CSYE$#1Q#@@


M=MK*0
X0_P JBTX8TRT&/^6*?R%/O3BPN#Z1L?TIM@


BN&3+2 \$8ZUQGA*X4W]O;0QVS0





X!0
MGT8'^?:N1TJTUB?4=*EN]*T)W4+*U] _[TIM(R!@9)_*NTU6!+C2[N27R8Y
M(61I,X@@@G_ #Z5Y_H-C'-JNE26][I=Q
DW[R6VF 

M















4VI;

MNFTIB^EVK&1)&







MIXPEAM[&UGG$

M??H!SQQ5?QFDIL;22)[F+9.9+::.*1001PSD#\.]6O#,C2Z0\EVY:1L&[F

 +P !C& .E.H ***#0!Y_K5
MW9V^OSPS7


(XK5&B88'.2V#CD_7TKI=37=I5TIE$
M0,+@R'^$;3S^'7\* ,'0;JZFU,+);Q+R2=ZZ;);D'C^)SSGV]*ZD#  KD]
MO6U'6EFD$%L\5N\201;R9 ' ))95QM(QC'\77FNL' % TF*6B@ HI*44 %%


M/2]
U%O%%@6T:TL%TX


M/.0?05O44 8^AZ))I#3M+J=Y?O


M .HI


DJ#[$U8I

%WLM]


5U]!]/3%
M.HH !1110 8 ZBBB@ I*6B@!
48I:* $I:** BBDH 6BBB@#.!/_1







M[KB9]#=64 C'S[B%/ Y-=M(&9$8*V.1G'OCO6
VE:K.1'=:PDD!(W(EH$+


MPZL'2]!NK&]MI[B]BG6WL_LD:1VYCPN5.2=QS]T5NC@4 +1110 E***3% 
MT4F*


M^I7_  JU50?\A
=OW/3\15L4 +124M






4 4-'DNIM


BKD;B1%=?NL 0?
M4&LLZ#;_ &V:ZBFN8998S&=DG RVXD9S@Y_G6E!$D

MT %%%% !BDI:* $HHHH 6BD%+0 4444 %%%% !BBD-% !10*6@!*#2TE(#G_

M-P

4C(X)(X!!ZDXZUD^%9!;ZI;6CRZ
MK:2%90+.XNEGC.P@8#8SD AN.U ':V4

M8.=7([B '_QXU;JJG_(6D]H%_P#0FJW0 E+24M
!*YWQ-=-''!;BQ6Z5Y 3B






MMONWH20 ?EYQDC/M5'0=+L4$-W!J]W?

MHH *YKQ5J&HZ9%!-8V]U

M=C!!( .1N(///% $?A@ZE'/J%I?W5S=I T?ESSVXB+$KE@

T
M\V$;K]NNKH


D*A5D;)R2




M9K@


MI: DI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BDHH *\UUJ!=-U*YGU33=7O_-G:2^TV9B
MT2GI&5!&



=: +M+24O:@ HHHH B\
M]?M7D8.[9OSVQG%2U1!/]LL#G @&



'KFVNG0_Z8ZH RGU*L<Y^E:FMO=)IDC60E\_*_PI16<+N&XJ


-G&#@$'@\&
MM^@ HHHH **** .9O[=O[6N;F/6A83-%&L0



M%% !1110 @ %+110 4444 %%%% !124HH **** $I:** C%%%  #/2EZ44


.A+ 9/XUTU% %



M !1110 4444 (:*6B@ HHHH **3UI: BBDH *7M110 4444 %%%% !2=Z6D
MH *44F*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI.U+0 444F* %HHHH **3%&.: %HHHH *
M2EI#0 44M% !128I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EI



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 +124M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



M I@+1110 4BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4AIJ




M&F2W4XMGMKO0)&@%S ;&]+QNN1QM;(R

KJ
N0#UQ@9
MK%E\



M?/YC'U+FF'3X1@QM+&?59#5NB@*%6C^1G+]P3UJ6D[YI: BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH



\3A#G!W8('-



MZ4@&YNQ

 HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!*7M110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)NYH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

1P?I4E% !1110 4444


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6FLH((]:=5'5XKJ?2KN*R?R[IXF

M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%

M5-Q( ].]# \R&W2;N

& )Z#I74S*/

D:=LYQE!TSNX]ZZIU4WU
MJ5 X1\8_D!='  I:**8!1110 E%+BC% 44M% !1110 44&B@ HHHH .U%%

MM%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M% HH


MBBB@ HHHH 2EI** EI** %HHHH **** BBDQ0 44HHH 04M%% !1244 +
M1110 44E** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH **** BBB@!*6BDH
M 6BDHQ0 M%%)WH 6BDHH 6BBB@ HHHH 0@'J* 
4M% =Z!2TE T444 %%%

M?/B@)G\^)4C64=HR!R






Z?Y&(GD
MC



C_ * %I*6DH 6BBB@
M HHHH **** BDR



L@

]) 2TE+24PE%)2B@ I#VXSS2T4 <
M'XHECM=7+?8[74&?RV



MR3DD_6@#EX;%88K8:?/IEO+(T?VVUBE!C?:P^9#CAN/3GOTS6]K&B6VN68AG
M9U*MO1U8@JWX$9'M4EKHFFVJ1K'96^8_N
8ER/QQ6A18#E-'\/\ ]D66I2O




M:?\ 9V
[


M@\@D^E:/@*#[%%?6+6MLKPRH3/:^84EW+G^





3!BJ[CT[#O

JR(WGJ\S_ &7Y9)]@P
Y^


M^U2/$XV'YU!.20!CG/7/TV_$-O;W#VHFL[V9\D1/:S,JW7!RRYSM[^E %#3
M7N7T;59[TPZ


MNC7ET)[0LP

M'(&?2MVL7PM;I:^'K6*.VEMD^9A%


[A&
MC'8=S0!Q&G0Z1]OA_LV
MR-OJ+.\[7X(//S$?,=_?C _NC\1QQ2PVPNO
:W\PAXX[H0%B1QR67/TR
Y

M\_:EW_92GF^7M&=N[CKCKVS5;PZFLI?8U$WYS#F8W+1%/

MVYT*ZAO[MK-&O0J3J2-DF.








M8)!]H


MUC2[%=
T[4'C1KN#


M._IGKBKFEZ-!I4EP\+2
9]@PYSL5%JHXZ





M2-'
B@H#QD


M2]2B$$\1EA2Y@#(K @




M %%%% !1110 F*RTS_PD[CL+0?\ H9K5/2LU5_XJ&5A_SZI_Z&U &E1110 E
M%+10!%/;PW$1CFB22


MG:J#+G7(FVDXMF&1V^9?\*T*IXSJBG)XAQC_ (%0!;'2EI!TI: BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH IZL0NC7IXX@?K_ +IJS%@1J 
(?[ _E4M  .E%)2T %%%% !1110 4444

9M8



ME%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E
M4$P=



M484#T%+2#H*6@ K(U) ^MZ*2.5FE(_[]L/ZUKUC:@W_%1Z
GKY[8^B#_ !_6
M@#8HHI: $HI:04 +VHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*6@ HI*6@
M HHHH **** $/2J40']M77//D1?^A/5[M6;;D'Q!?#^(6\&?SDH T:6D[T4
M+124O:@ HHHH #51#_Q



MH *3H

M421L+N64XVLBJ
'T+'^M $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5K\ VA
* %HHHH **** L7Q4?#U


_P#+9#^M6ATH **

MZFK= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 50U@XTYO^ND?_ *
6K]9NN+NTQ@.OFQ?^



6_P#Z,6@#5[4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2,JLI5@",$4M% !1110 53
MN@&O;+_9D9O_ !QA5RJ-TX&JV*$\GS/P _QH NBEI** EI*6@ HHHH ***
M2@!:**:2!UH =129 I P_3/2@!DT2R[-Q(V,'X]JE'2D4@C(I: BBB@ HHH
MH *2EI1GDXH !2TF:0L 3ST- #J2DS2T %!Z4F0.Q_*ES0!%:QM%;(CD%@.
M2*EH%% !2BDQ2B@ HHHH **** BBB@ JM?0&XMC&/[Z-^3 _P!*G+@=:=0
ME+110 5ER8_X2BW_ .O*3_T..M2LLC_BJ(_:S?\ 5U_PH U!1110 4E+24 %




M2[DCU=K_ 'DKLB@
!&20 6[8]2#73:I'=2:

MNM?$UO
%ELU6*$--'
KY=F8@(O(Q]W'?D@5MWE\EC817



MVW9YR65B.
U:E ****8!1110 5EZV
V]J/^GR

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** LR[_P0_IHQ_P LYCG_ +YK3K,N\_\ 0:=CIY4
M_P#[)0!I8HI:2@ I:2EH **** $HHI10 8K#\4%5TZ-YI0ENLH


MH: +^AK



X9CN.QGB
)D7 Y

C;8EE\WR?]G=



MO+209/H





MMYC^L8H TJ!110 4444 %)2T4 (*6C%% !6+X@CE



MJ:0+V._*3RRW0

M]J@TC3)+%IGG;
GV@8_P_:5<)P



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EI* EI*7M0 5D2$GQ;NXX



M]GXS_P!M*V:S%W?\)++QP+-/_0VH TZ6D%+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% #=HQC'?-*!BBE% !1110 50B).N77_7M#_PA25?JA0=:NACD01#


M[TM% 44M% 8I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* %HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH *H7H_XF&F_P#79O\ T6]7ZHW@_P)AIW_ %U;_P!%M0!=%+2#H*6@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** #%&*** $K+A8-XHNU


M6(?H: -BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** LS0EV
P'0W5P?\ R*]:1Z50T4[M.W8QNEE./K(U &A1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4AX%+323CCK0 HI
X[5R6G^*IVU]
A(!('X4 :


M8?


MK0 [O2T@Y]C2T %%%% !1110 444E  *6DI
X]/\* %HHHH 6BBD!H 6BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $I124HH **** L^T4C5K]L\8C'Z5H5FV
M+EM5U-3_  R1K_XXI_K0!I44B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH #TK(\
DMH
4+5&')Y#$X









^F2&W
M21IE97018SD

9=0[RYV1@D?


WB!$N7A6POYE49$D

MY[8?

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **2EH 0]*SM!4+HEJ%Z;/ZFM$]
M*I:





A0Q7-R4E./
Z5&19HPX5A@C(SS5J@ HHHH **** L





MU(FEE
8C8^A\X]!_.NP..M(-V.

M
^^/PS4OA;3&TFQGM3#Y:K


MU2S
PW

-NTH^4@




M^$7U*?;I\NO72(F ^SK HDC[J%^P P/7%=BH 48I) .HI*6F 4444 %%%%

#M[5/5 )2T44 %%%% !62W/BR+_9L6_5U_PK6K(W
M ^

<'@Y]_2NG/2N?U'0A?

4M%% !6-J8U0ZE;-83HD:1R-(DJ_NY#E








M!^HZX5!_2MNL/PT28]3)S_R$K@?^/4 ;E%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 1W!Q;RGT4G]*K:1C^Q[+WMXS

9&*6F2;O*;9C?








M[J[FU:.SG



44 %%%% !7
^(KR\M+F-85GDCG&Q([61






MNST ;%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 C

0QCT4?RJ*_P #3KGCI$W\C4L7^K7C' H ?2T44 )12T4 )@9S2T44 %&*


M4 %%%% !1BBB@ HHI* %HHH% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11



M 5=17=IEVN!SXY^E65&!4-[S87 _PF3?RJ84 +1110 4444 %%%)0 M%)2
MT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9MH/^)WJ.


MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ /2J%H2=1O
M\G@,F!Z?+5\U1M1_I]^0.2Z G_@(H O4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH 3TK&\+?\@,?]?%Q_PC7K:K(\
J$T.

MRG_R(U &O1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 &**** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MY5PZYQWSU[5Y=I



V$X_V#_*IQW^M0WW%C-_NFIAW^M
!:*6DH 6B


M4444 %)BEHH !1110 4444 %%-=UC1G=@JJ

MQ24M(* %%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% -ZJNFG.FVAZ?N





M44444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



MJ'YRI_6O&C'?0RWMC_9.HOJ]U 8FF&[#34LL@?^[C'Y5Z%XNN+\3Z3I^GW





MLL:)YK1


(HWFT6:);=9P[()%:/S,)N&YMO<@9('J.E5/]I'917
4YMMRLDIMQSD
MCD$ #.
#G ].U &9J%EJ4^HR_%P;=6CGC@AN% )/52NX?KTKKK5D:VB

MD0J

!C(QUP!7$ZE)HLFN3J)[.W!C7=+
DK;F!;(X=0

ML:A@P
=A0!9%%%% !1110 E H[T@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** (;HXM9L
M_P!QOY4RP_Y!]K_UR7^0HU [=/N6](G)_(TMC_R#[;_KDO\ (4 6**!10 44



M&3




[MQ)G!0R
M+G/IB@YL[I]

*0CJ$<'^5 $N*
444 %%%%
M!BBBB@ Q7




^3)&T_


M;

.E 6BBC%, HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K.T8YANSC'^ES?\ H1K1ZUF:
M)_Q[W7_7Y/\ ^AF@#3HI*44 )WHH[T4 +124M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

PQ@?/TP.N/85
MJ:P84TV 

M?6N/NI];AEN?L


M5.
;OF[9&1GMFL;2KF.[U2)=/06ZQN6FW7_FB1


GJN[CM5GP\SR6DD@#+ S#RHVN//9..?GR1
MU[ \51\07=];:G!_9

M


C;7;1;@
MBA\%@!G'K7GXN=0M4DL;6Q
NF-(VZZ-@21EB2?O@G!SSCM7?Q#:@ )(' )ZF

M1-QZXVG.!U)]A7GXBN[;3K VVLZ8+*6&WBN6)/F81_D95ZAMNT'CJ*[CQ1I6


MCJ?:DP.0\+:E/+?)93:C--$D3)'#+9+%G8$YW GD!AQZ&NT'2O/O -O9K?W
ML&E(&VE1J$!D
+@GE5$G(Z#@9''7I7H(H 6BBBF 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 !Z5F:#_QZ71];VX_]&M6GFLO0 !83X[W

X/'3G=79'H?Z5Q\FEZG!!+!+9Z.;-=W^DD/Y@4]6V[?O=^O4










QP-WUK@+F-


RF)F8L2OE
M023[5L 8Z5ELT#OI!A7$?F9C&
\.32M=A)#KH?R,A;Z)
M5BSQG;@=<YX]*ZP=.WX5R7AS3KFVUEF^PQ6,45L(IXUN?-,SDY#D#IT;D\G=
M76CI0 M%%%, HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:3%

M6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BC%** #M1110 4444 4M7!.D7@ R3!)_
MZ:N*

MQUQ7'I%YQDD07C7D1(DN4U$&)&'=EW\#CH5]J[!AN1E]1BL%_#@-DL
4R0RK

RWF!0ORXY-/H

XKGSX?OY

2_Q$*.N!GC

MD%Y##96

#R75M!!



X\1ZUISK<N%F0
T' 'RXP0
=/PKT_.5)KSF]D^P:S?2


M)2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%)2]J BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#VK.T/_ )!A

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***2DP.:\9Z??7NDRO9
MZR=/5(G\Q6 V2#'=NJ_45R5@PNKJPM[CXA17 CFB(MHHDW


M%% !1110 4444 !JCH^?[
C)QRSGCW8FKK9(XJGI&/[*MR.A7(_.@[1110
ME+2=Z6@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6B@ %%%% !1244 +24M)B@!1124M %+5SM
MTFZ( )\INM7 

M%%% !1110 4444 )2T8HH *3%+10 4444 %%%% !24M% !1124 +1110 444

M:N@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2B@]J0
M&'XP./FHDW+VX\K_6)G(Y' QSST_&N$T%_#ZK8^1H.K)=F5/+ED#E5;/4G
M.





P2 +P!@$DL0!UI^G:G]O60-:W%K+$0'BG4 C/


%


J2+ZHP(_2L

M2@#:HHHH **** $I:2EH *


MDEM(=A!CDN3+DY&



M'BV3_KO#_PC%JWB@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
]86C0Z/)XAT
MX:?X+O[.42AFN+F-P$&<YSC/UKOO%-U/9^'KJ6UE6&?JDK+D1[FEC[ &N
M2TK7M1N_$%M

M%%%% !1BBB@ I*6B@!***6@ HI*6@#
U_P#Y \G_ %TB_P#1BUICI67XAQ_9
M# _\]H?_ $:M::\ #TH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ,4@  X&*6B@ %
M%%% !1110 E%%+0 4F!Z4M% 8HQ2T4 -Q2XI:* $QS12T4 %)WI:2@ I124


M[7SHQ$\=NX5649X/'/WC4.E^!+?3M0LKM]6U&Y-EDPQ32*43(V\#' QZ4@.N
M%+244T!79L:C/6*3^:59JHV?[4@X_Y8R?S2K=, HHHH **** BBDH 6BBB


MR/$61I2_]?
'_HU:UAQ0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E T4B@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* %HI*44 &*
444 %%)2T %%%
M% !1110 4444 9^K?ZF#G'^DP_C\XJ_5#5QF*U_Z^X?_ $(5?[4 +124O:@

M56 8_

/FQ_00!QQ77Z:-0M]9






'U(8@GV% &EXB67[ KQ
M7MU;.CJ MMLS(6( 'S#&





JU\47DFK1:=//9F;SA')Y%
MM


M[UZ10 4F*6B@!

F F #@C/4Y]



'\*Z6N1\*&.YU.ZN8!I\4:1B)H;.;S?FW$[
MCP


M%!A_Q/HO:V?_ -6KU43C^W8QW^S-_Z$M7J %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **





^N7


MI112T %%%% !1110 4AHHH S+F/6C.QM9K%8MWRB6%V8#'.2& Z^U30V]TFG
M&*26
7+!V\V-#M5B200ISP
]S5VB@#E+7PMJ
=RDU_J-KJ;!PVZ[M6;;_N#?


O6CC[ 
-


UHUG+

M





M@S1110 4E+24 %%% H R]7_P/O1Q_T^_^TI*U!65J^?[2T7'_ #^'/_?F
M2M4#B@!:**2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** DI:* ,U/^$BE'I:)^KO_ (&M(5EQ!O\ A);ICT^R1#I_M/6H* B
MBB@ KD_&NI64-I'87$L4;3L3/9O.@09R0 

MH$F1866-Y6)()W
#P
8Q0!7\%64




M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444  I*444 9&K_\ (1T3_K\;_P!$R5K#I67J
MI']I:
#U^U
R@:[XG* N-NWGZ=J +=%%% !24M)
M0 4B@4 9&LC.JZ&._VI_P#T3)6Q63JFXZQHH&

MC*SQL
97*\$5T5 !1113 **** $HHQ1B@ I128HH 4]*Y#6KGQ)932&*\LXK



MN. 
=Q0!M6
4D%E#%-Y7F(@#&)=JYQS@=AFK%4]*CEATJUCG!$RQ*'RV[YL#


M:D;;/_+6
B

S

MF=$14W

MWB


TM(PR* .3U#2-2:_N)8=
T:[CD8LL

M?7RR/ZUJUDWXSX@TCCH)C_XZ*UJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

-MPF P=^

:A[Q8_






M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!0M/^0I?\=/+'_C


KR





M]JS&/_%4)_UYM_Z&*TL4 %+VH%% !1128H **

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH R]?7?IT:YQFZ@YQG_EJM:8.169KQ(L82/\
MGZ@_]&+6F.E T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%)GFEH **** BBB@ HHHH *,
M444 %%%% %%P/[:MCW%M+_Z%'5X50?\ Y#T'_7M)_PA)5X4 +24M)0 O:BD
MI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH





GFP



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BD[T4 %+24M %#52 EKD\?:H_YU?JAJB[EM!C

D075W#O40P*HP8;**9F9BV[AE)R#
MM/'8DUUEAN&GVPE3RY!$H9./E.!QQ7.^(X5?4E9H+*=_(_=BYBD<Q$;B6&U2
M!D#V/R^U;FE[_LZ(730LX0!7B=B&&!SR!UZT :%%%% !1110 4444 9QY\1


-Q*P
M(81MGGT/% ':2./^$VMESTTZ5O\ R)'_ (5N5ALH/C6(\;QISC\/
6MN@!:*

\?
MU_+OZX_Q3IZWVJQLT]NYBMC*+:9G'W7!9OE[$''KP*3 Z/2#*^E6C3B993$N

_SH 6BBB@ HHHH **




MH$5%A5Z #L/:L*[TO0[*XC,]]):2L6\L'4'C^\V3M&[ID=!70H J  Y XSU
MH ?1110 4444 %%%% &:O_(RN/2T7_T,UI5F)@^)I?\ KS3_ -#:M.@ HHHH
M ***2@EJP!TR8$'! !Q]15T52U;/]FS8Z_+C'^\*NCH*  4M(*6@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** FGI2TAZ




*!S^)S7&ZFX36+@RW4J76]?L






]RU[?O# $2RN9Q))YUJ#*#D?=;?@=.1
MD?A7?@0M%%% PHHHH *2EI



M#8W-A/J23


!0 M HQ13 ***:6';G\* '44B].
MF*6@ HHHH *CF9EC9E7+ $@5)45Q'YD#IM!RI&#T/% '




A6-GRT:&4%5)[D# _NB% T444 %%


M45Q]_9:K?ZO=_9[M8XHIT*#SW4HV$R2H & -QQT8MSTH [#-%-3@8/7O3J $




%H[ZUU2Z1);5ED6

MY&GP\_\ ;22MRL:V!/BR^?&!]B@ /;[\IK8S0 M%%% !12$\CBEH **** $-


C(Y[]ZT-.M19V


(C*54GRP.6]O








M;UJWX?LKNPM)8KK5GU
F3


8H8':VKI):0O&FQ&0%5]!C@5R^FW6G-K%N\-H\;SRL$Q=-D$J6^
M:

A72U6-QSTF
MY(X!SGG H [H4M(.G2EI@%%%% &?:_\A;4/^V?_ *#6A5T'_$UU _[4?\
MZ!5^@ I*
\]:!0 EHHH **** DI:2@!:*!10!E6_\ R
]]P?\ CTM__0I:


[
0Z-X+CT=+BZEB5HYFA-ZI:!I'!.<$=?J.* .IL[2\M-!MK






MZE83RN(U


MF\2ZCTR+:W'ZRUJCI0 M%%% !1110 E%%% !VHH[44 +1110 444@ I.]+1
MB@!*,4M)0!3TS_CT;_KO-_Z,:KM4]-'^B')Y\V7_ -&-5R@ HHHH **** B



AP
#Y64\@]SCBM7P^


;E]CCBN1OYV_MKRK6'4/-2X5MS6D(@Y
M&[#E





M]\?\LWKAKBXT[3I+JUU;PA?7%N]S+)]H^SK.&W
3G(&17=7&3=6F.[GM_L-7




'G7T5SJD#3J

M)MI*XY!]JR=0\1:E;W4RV\.FM%'<I;_O;DH^3CG;M/K6I/<F[\//<_9A,9(
MWDJV0W'0$=1Z'O0!)IVG?8F+?;KNY!  \^0

M E
9VD^] '4BEID9#(#D=B.:=B@!:*04M !110* BBB@!DJNT;B-@KE2%8
MC.#7-V.CZU;W32/JMA

[23_ 'LXYH ZX4HI!VI: BBB@ HI*!0 M%%% !28I:* D-



M79G/B75



N5



4P9VIOK86DERLRO#&I9FC.X8 YQCK7-66D


M1:_/9SQ7
L45M&JE$5&*@.
9.0










MSBB54C6= JJ



F7=!(I=HP5(












.:2YN)08!%(!%D-AQD[<G'/ SNXKNXPPB02D.R@;B!


M*UUXZ=&?#_DF=7/FI* 0Z;3P


M$YQ5'PVUP7N8[A[_ 
Q-I
3;R0SJRMYU

8(!/7OVJEX


]/QH T

'OLZW$L<\D.T2R*$921W\ ]N/PKG=/\-:C;:W93W82YDA(VW?
&))Y[8KJ].A^SZ9;Q%$CV1@;$<NJ\= 3R1[URI_MDZC)G4
M=4C97=GB^R(T2H-Q7:VWG^$#G/)_!#.U7I2U!:/+):0O

MU






=BUP)G)&+=U5S\C$8


M6GDD5
;6(!V=22


M;.TB%Q

&'



M'?IC8
9QVR
4ZFIG:

M1;U=!_XX






M3J2W
$L;X-NBL(9(PK?O6(8J&R1\HH [35KFYL]
DFM3 LPVA3.2(P20
DCM


E=U0 AKF?%%I]HN+-Y+

A+S12PNZ(20ZG Z\

M4$KR 2%SC(I=)DATSPM;S221&WAM_

M *Z)G&/=?RJQK7B'3?#\4


M[=P^4]1O7\Z -^BBB@ HHHH **3M10 M%%% !BBDHI7 6BL;6/$$.D3Q0?9K








J6NAVK-'+$B0(/+E'SJ  
-@=?




8^51][&0.




._?'UH
M O:ES'HT7082C(P\F]@

 5V
MMR3_ 

J7KV5HDBF.-2V&EE4E(1ZMC'T[52T?5$O\ 4]B7EG?A(V/GVBD+'R/E;YF'
M/;G/'O2 Z@]*6DI@<5XXAL))[22YN]5@E$;X_L\;L1\;BX /R]*C\/6RVFL
MZ? OB*VU)(;1EBA


L]Q816]W';S-(X420F57&PYR 1TZY/\
M6I-'N7N-%CF:XAD8AOG6$QJI!(P4)R




Y/_3-*MY]Z %HI** &2RK#$\C
M\*B[C7.3^

MO[5YKITVB63W*6'BHR:A



MXD::._6%F


M








#';.:ZZ@
M [=*P9].UBVN[A]+N+%8)W\QEN8F8JQ !P01QQ6]VKA-?U77/M4UF-UC:
^/

5EX7ELI7=D6V*


M[K5[26*$*QM+$RK+\QP

MI1-)9W%S$8


_
GRIR/RKB


'HK))$9O.-Z9F4DYP%(XSWH ZVBBB@

/K6#X4N8IM<BNK#3;O3

MC_KFE73P* .;\:.BZ+$C16[F2=45I[DP+&=K'=O'(/!'XU%X

MM
C7!N$0(CECGY5[#VK(A/B+1(I+!-&AU6TW

M&LO:/\ ]!%7JIZ7QI-F/^F?^@BK= !1110 4444 %+244 8OBHH/#MT9/)





BRL


#J_#




OJ:L^#Y/$TCR/K$B26



M;0+87@)D
=U@UGP==LI<8=$2X0'UXY'UQ0!U]
%(K9/$/-QI0NEC8M FF&



PK=/O#S&



MVLV-Q?V0BMKF.WF61)%=XO



(''TYZ&N@!S@CH: %I*6D[
MT ,E8QQ,ZHSE5)+U;CH*\\M)-8GUH3067B.TCFNP[Q/Y2P*N1N)XST'09^M

+D =/:@#O%'RC&
8[4=
4#H*#
MTH XZ_O&A\+ZS







?:JWA*\U*]

:%HU8]B01FK8J
MKJ,EQ!I]S+:16X6
M'&?XFQP* .;T70]:TO4O/*Z2L+Q0PR^2'4E4R
@8QD

M_*JOA.SMM/U.ZM&T
$\8(].


M730KH-W/ LR2QA3]
D&M6QNC?6
-R8'A

M6H7

MD!-G.

%_;W#:*8[Y)M9CG5


( B7S2F.FT18&/
MS%;M

;CP_%;QA2%OI8A%.

M?(CO;R.WSR;=H/R]ADGGO0!9\5-%_9B1S2.JO( !'
Z-G!/ 16+=/NXQQ5CP

]Z[4#BO.O#]O8R

SL%4#DGM7&:
EV

.@[?4BHO#KQ217/E@EDFVO-YQF64XZJYY( ./;!%
M&W534+2&[LY(IX3

S/




9)PP7S
CC':@#O%^Z/I2TR*
10I&I8JBA







MGDE\V16





&KW-
MEYDZQ;(8EDWDGCJ.



M7Q_8
) ZR2G_ 

].]:]I

6ZA1U

20QF%





M
5C*[MY ) Q7*^$WA.J/Y







));EP
M6CB.'R ?O%LX]J /5+02BTA$Y!F+O(Z%L#/ZU-4%BJ)86ZQQ^7&(UIG.T8


MX[:VDGF


_G0!WX[]:6D7
MO]:6@ HHHH Y3Q79:3J-]96VJ79M 8IC'

Q+?(?NC).!Z8H UZ*2EH **** $-%!HH 6BBB@



Y.37+:I+IUQXKO[2[\0W6EW6U/*\FY(1EV]U(P&Z].Q]J[
M+2+.*PTJVM8)VGBC7 E=MQ?)SG/N:0%^J][_ 

MF_E5 3CM2T44 %%%% $-P9O(D^S[/.VG9OSC/;.*X&+PW#JVN23WD.@R@W#+
M


*T@C@@4)#&H5$'8I:04M- <MXZFCC\/%76+:\@7S9794A(R0
MQ*\YXP.1UYH\!2V\FAS?9842$3G$B,S7(!+9;G/.T^ZTWQ='Y
:7'V_48W=
M2B6]K(BJY4



G



LWJ2HS5ZF 4



OK






5WA]JXJWM]OBXF6UN&E^T
MLXE&J?+M.XK^YW= .V.U ':*




H4KDG!P6SC':@WJ.B3ZK=M]HNXOLJD-%&MJI=3CKO;.#GG@
MUJ6%H+&SBM1-/




QY'+1EV4#WQ0!O^*=5M


'K?[+KES&BR;3')-FD/!P5R55<G[PQVVUU5<OX;EO)[YFN;-+5
M8H%C18X)(PPZY)8#.


M'\:ZLUS.M#4%N+H11:A(DL*I ;:2
+&V3DMN(/7'J






M R


BD$#/! SCOU-=;H4


9'.?X

M?.V


M%S%K;QW5RWF?9LM;O=2

!

M%U&J%XP

M6%LUS=R


]R YQ7*0:Q=:JB6UK_ &=J

MR





7;)OE6Y2-K$J^YPTBJ
M\A/7DX! .!BNTU.Q74M-N+0R&+SHROF*
E3V(^G%94.D:K-J
$VH7%BT4
@D


 8 HH XVXOU30!;FP6\DO]0F
MMD@9MH)



9%88*@CW&:;'!%&Q9(T5CU(4 U)1

IGD


VU\?+DKRO)Z^@/K5W1HS#8)$T2Q^6[H-J%-V&

;^(;_3KC4'EDWE98MP673YG^90RKD@

YP?3I0![1:+M


MIYOEN!SAD;LP.
9K#T&VM+K6;6/4-?U5[FT96CTZ^ 0AQT)X^?'J*N^*(='F
M\-:?'JVHR6
9 


MI_UU:M&@#(U'PSI.JW'GWEHKRD;2X9E)';.,_C6I%&D,2Q1H$1 %55&  .@
MI]% !BE%)2T %%%% !12&B@!:**2D 4AZEILC!$+
0JJ

^QI6 Y?3K
M=)-;:XM]


M)OYEF%R

$%P(&E
MW9)A$BL 


MT:S/#[^9HT;8(S)+P?\ KHU:E 44M H 2EHHH **** $/;%%+10 4E+25(

MN#@ 'G-=AI746CV4=[G[4L"7)W?-CG)[GWK-N/$46G:M]BU&TDM8I#B[/
M

MM4444PBBB@!3VKF]





M5WO4DNWDDAG5V\DVIB^SX;C=WR/7KUXKH!TZ8I=HQC Q1C% T4E+0 4444


92)1D$ $\D@=Q5Z43Q+( P!'1EP
M1[8JL=*L_MC7:P!)WSEU8@G( )./H/R%6;:.U@6($(@P,DD_B3UH EHHHH
M **** BBB@ HHI#TH J3:G:P$J\OSAQ'L52S;B
@8 )/'-6(9TN(EDB.Y&[
MX(_
'I67-H:OJ8OH;RYA?=O:--I1CLV9((/.
?E5ZQM#9VJ0O
\S@DM(X +$



MJK#(-

OF)LV;/X]V


M.?EYQSTH ]&'044B]!2T +10** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI.] T4@
C@J3USUK2\-ZB]]H=]&L^1;;D@G2W\E)QC.53MSQQQ2N!T6G8_LR
MTP
#R4P/3Y15EC@9]ZKV/_(/MNG^J7H..@J=LXZTP.2?QF52279IBHA8&&34
M0D_!(QLV'G\:ZR)_


6DMW&611#$2'9B?EP<C!SWKA[&+4K[68++5[S6[:
MQ\U9(HKVW0HY4YF4
3V]LUV?BZ2%= G2XM$NXY72+RI)/+7)(P2W8#UKEH-

!D#N10!W
?_(9FXY^SQ_^A/5^J
6/
M[7FX.?L\?_H3U=/0T 4=1UK3](6
WURL/FDA
3;F2[Q*8RUQY2,/ES&?E.XMQ@<=.M4/!DE
M@^OZW]AM)K4A8?-BE8_(WSY4 CC!ST.* .W!R,T4E% T4B@ HHHH **2E%
M #7D2,99@H]SBDCE27=Y;HVTX;:V<'TKF?&UMI]UIL,-[:W5S(TG^CI:C,F_
M!)P,C/ [U3\!:;IVF_:DMKRRHD[.@8 (Q;:A!8D
NULYYY% ':T444 %8^O



$9^?#*O7IP.U=
*Y?PQ=QWEY=2&5Y[CRXP\
MOFK(N S@*%&#D$X_P!H'O74@ HHHH *2EHH 2@G'I2U!=;_LLOER+$^P[7


M1MTN)XUTN\L+G:&9;E_
WKDC(8
P.



MN

MEDLRV4 N65K@1J)&7HS8&2/;- %CM1110 4444 )BB@T4  I:
44 %5-2:X7
M3;AK1XDN0A\II3\@;'&?;-6ZKWEG!J%G+:7
8D@E4HZ-T8'M28'G6J3Z=XCO
M$-MX7EO=;A 64SJ8XH& Z
V0&'IBO2(-_P!GC\P 2;1N Z XYKEH?A]IMC
9


Q0A!(/EW8XS[5QGAVPUZ
VQ.G^'[2T



M72]2O89I0T%Q8S



M)0 EI*6@# \7W\FG^'Y)(X()2\B0D7'^J4,0SGLH]:X?3+;1(=6CN1H[II

R0&
U483_P 3JZ'4BWAS_P!]25?/2@#G/$D]Y%+:^4\T=MAS(UL(C*& &!)
MQC&[..:9X7GNKN:[GE

M6O%[7T&FBYLKI8/))

[FW?PYR./:@#K:*** 
MD(S2T4 1QPQQ#$:*@/)@I!110 4444 %%%% !5'5S;KI5V;M':W\E_,#)
M*[3G'OC-7JIZI]J&FW1LD1[KRF\I7Z%L' _/% '%6=ZH_L^*\N]016EA^S6L

M44N* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EI* . \1:.MYXGN)[:PL-8D
2+



(A


MGA8M%+Y:N%)X.58$'BDT316TIIY)+HW$LVT


M[PKHVK:;#J


 ]
'-=W


MM2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111VH ***3'- TE!Z
M4&@ I:04M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24O:B@!*6DQS2T %%
M%% !1110 E%%&* %%%%% !24M)CF@!:2CM2T )12TF* %%%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 )WI:#10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
@4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 44M(.AH .U%&!10!_]D!
end







begin 644 ex10-20_008.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WP(!T%.H%
M+2L E1G=FI:;B@!I)I
G'%28HQ2 C&[O3@2*=BC%
 HHHH 6BBBF 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

R-J*X\^T-O+*N

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%(6 ZG'UIAFB7K(H_&@2BD!R ?6EH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M/W3C@XH P]6URZL=7M;.WT\SH^TS2%PNP

MJ
0P_ @BN7\4'[7JD4-MI4U[/#%YCM:71AE0;N.N 1D''N*T/^K6EU9QVE

 GM61J?@Y-2::1+^[LY)9A
_DN



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** &^6IZC/UIK01.
-&I'N*DI* (UB\M_E)^E2444 +10** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHS0 4444 %%%% !1110 444

M661%8=

M!#J

45EJ4EQ#&NZ;39MD@#$X4C^+E36KX4M+4V=OJ=L]XL3P&*.WNC\T8WD


.N3WQ6AX:NYCI



MH ***0G% T4#FB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!,48I:*
M$Q12T4  HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** F%7
@(8;?




2596<.0-@7!(
MZXQ3 WH !;Q@=-HI^*;$
0H
YP 
T^F E%+1B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@!#12T4 (*6BB@ I*6BDT 4444PDI:*0&9)HUE+J
MW+$KM-&(

8&XCDX[=*XG652QUBZFUF?Q!

I

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

8.1S@

M%%


221R7B)./
M^ ?7%7]#M-)MO#EQ#I

MC-+13 0  8%+110 E I:
4 %)2T8H 2E%&** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H




]WL=GEACV!NN./7%83^%]9

L0CR
''
MI ;0HH'2BF 4444 %)110 M%':B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

MD



MRH5@ ?7-=-X?_P0!8\Y_=#K23 T:4444PDR/6L[6XGGTJ:*.Y%NTA5?
9]









D+M/'7DD4 =515+2K]=3TVWO44



6'7('6@#1H%
M06E[:W\ GM+B.:(G :-LC-34 +124M 4M9^HZQ9:8RK<R/O896..)I&(]<*

OWER
M3M^N.GXUH0S17


_B*M54U%@EDY8X''/XB@V.@HI!TI: 
MBBB@!K#CIT]*\QM+2.+QO%
;;PY(SWK%7@N':X!)/)7.
_ABO3G'R' KB+'4










5SCCH.IZ4TZ/9'[9F




^8R *Y4\
!Z4SPE/J#ZHJ(VKO

;&[@_-QTI =P****8!1244 +124M !1110 5F:ZL;Z3.LN/


9Z=16G56]MVNK9HHY3%)E660*&V
#D'!Z]* .8L80/$M


T@



MLVC'?L



M]A2WM!

MO4'\JWJ 




MK#;2P64TL=OYL





M0 @&*6BB@ H[44E U1U=MFFR'_:0?FP%7JH:RI;36 ')DB_]&+0!?HI*6@
MHHHH 0CI]:\]TBU=O$$5S);(2;EV$K:LQ;&6ZQ9QGGITKMM4O)K'3I;FSEN
MY(QD0Q8W-]


Z-
S%I=W=O)Y#N]OM7:KA6

ORRQ-





MD3;(6;;QW!QG(H FTY;#1=?-J]SJES=7$2(DEP#(BIDE5# ?7K^==4#D CFN
M;\.Z;/I=YJ%JBWG]GKL

M4E !111B@#

M66(3$!&)P0RCAL@Y!_R-?68;RX-M%;

9ZGTJA(NH22W



W/S#'MU!Z?K6AXA_MNWG2

-]1W_
H+YCN



MDM86FB.4D
8++]#C(JS24 %%&*
4 +128HH 6BBB@ HHHH *3'3BEHH S=!S
M_9?( _?S=/\ KJU:59VA?\@I?^NLW_HQJT: BBB@ HHI* %HH[44 4Y?^0O
M;?\ 77_ -CJW567_D+6X_Z82_^A1U:H 6BDI: L_71G0-1_Z]I/\ T$UH

A&((QZ**?0 E%+10 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %)2T4 ':@T44 9ECDZIJ+
/XHQ_XX*TAC';BLS3C_ 
3/51Z2




#TI



MBBB@GJ@SI-X/6!Q_X[5L=!5;4A_P 2NZ]/)?\ ]!-610 4HI*!0 M%%% !

MOUFZ\0NAW9/3RZ -$=*6@=** BBB@!!2T@I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MH/2B@T 4;'_CXO\ _KX_]II5WO5*P7%SJ)];G/\ Y#2KM TF*6B@ HHHH *
M*** *5\WSV@_Z;K_ :KF*H:C_KK#_KY'_H#5H=J BBB@ I*** %%)TI110

MB@ HHHH KWPS8W /0Q


4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1112L 4444P$HHHH *SM7X%B/6[CQ

4P%HH%&* BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH





O
MDO\ R-7!534!G3YQZQD?I5H=* %HHHH **** LO5 #<:4/^GP'_ 
AO6I6;

#@CJ/UI]]Y1





9D:=
M4RPZX&/\* -FDP*AM+@7-M'*%9=W!4G.#WY%3T (!CM2T44 %%%% !1110 4
M45RNIZP;+4)(KO4;FS4D?9U@LO-$BX');:V3GL
4 =5C-%5=/DDEL87F!$C*
2WE3&Y'96Z]"#TX/ITZ4 7.U%%)0 M%)5



M %)2CI3!*C' ;YL9([@?2@!U+VI!S2T %%%(3CL?PH 6BDS2T %%%% !12&B
M@!:*** BBB@ HHI*  4M(*6@!*IWG_'YI__ %V;_P!%M5VJ-\/]-TW'_/=O
M_1;T 7ATHQ2#H*6@ Z44E+VH HZM-+;Z?)+'%#(B*S2B5B%V!23T!SVKE/.
MBWUIJGVZYMHC')%B.3^T'G


M?F#!XR/0D''?%9^B64]IJF$MA8VIB;-L;KS&9]P^;;R 

M0*[XEEMXO




M.F/I3J1

M

60C=GTKHM'O+J\

4E+24 **



MS/W



MS':RAN


MH
B2()(V1AD

M/6N3_LN(62F#7;Z]L8I50PK/'M/S ;6?&2!G&TGVH ZQ/N_CCKFG4@_K2T






_O&50?I@#%9



M KA-6FAM-8G#Z78ZFSOEIYV;
 ./E/R


IA



MF^1+&4 \A]1%JRG)^?!P&!&!STQ5_P 
S&YL))A)$T;2?NXH[DSB
;1\NX_R
MH WJ6BB@!


$V.V/XCG=C(!P.XKM10 M%%% &B
M@T4 +1110 4444 %%%% 4444@%K-OAG5M+X)Q)(?_'#6C5*[0MJ=@?[ID/_






M0$02LH+KWX!X(]CD4[1HDLX#8+:F/[
$1I1&JK
VT988)_7G^=9^LVUA-K$3
M7[0+NA B=F*R0L&.&4XP




MRMX9'WO'&J






CW(
M.: +HZ44B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH **** $H%+10 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444E &7JQ/V_2!C(^UG\/
MW4E:M96I)NU/2&QP+AN?^V;UJ@!:*** BBB@ HHHH 2BBC% !1VZ?E2BB@
M#/N-

M2T %%%% !1BB@4 )@#I2BBDH .]%&** BEHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BEHH


N/SCH N#\:6D%+0 4444 )2TE% T
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %&*** BBB@ HHI* %HI*44


MHH **0G'YTM !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



M**  5F:QG[1I/_7ZO_H#UIBLS6/^/C2?^OT?^BWH U!THH'2B@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH ***JWMS+;0B2*W:XPP#(GWL$\D#O0!:HJM9W9NXRYMYH,,1M
MF #'WQGI5F@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** 
34C_Q4^A_]O'_ * *VA6-J/\ R
VB\=KC_P!!%;(H 6BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M=3
\A+B


RD*V[ (7!#$
M#/LM '6Y'J*7(]:R]-5K'0X!+)+
8H_F?RF#?@N
^W3-8&FZ?_Q





;LPV(F2RPF











M:K\5Q%/ DT3;HW4

M BBB@ HI.U% T444 %%%% !1124  I:2EH *K2#_B8P?\ 7*3^:59JJY_X



M$8

#&

=
C&Z$!\_R




M89F:%X98'


0@J.G:G4 +12EH 




RTW[.K0^8-QW*A[B<Y(+$G\Z
ML37=K;E1//%$6.%WL%R?;/6IL@CUH YX:!<O/)-.^GN\K*9MM(
@






DC(8\_97!V'@CB3N.
_6NB1=J*OH .!4!O[);@6


0!1%-%
@DBD1T;HR$$''% '/W?A^]N[J6Y


MN06E8#@8''';%='4









+@QDLV2?E# @#&
_B*ZFLJ_O[B*[^



2&4@+CWSVH YRS

]*FUPWO]K1+I1F6_P#(8L2%
03/?=CG


15Z*


MG)['FMK38]OA\(+J
+L;;)&2!$O. 

MW&

M/[16&7




U@OP$9
M19R1.Y'/WP%5NW'3\:M^&#$]A/-!;I;I)*3]F2-D\OY0
88 Y/7H*N:AI*7T
MJSI=3VERJ[1+ P!VYS@@@@C/J.*DT^T%F)H_WSMO!
TS[VEX'/MW&/:@#B9'

9D$N=DV#G
Y^6NY%8%MHTEK


/F;@=.IJ#PM=S72WSW%W+(BQ



?I
(=#XZO-_Z+- &R.E%':B@ HHHH **** DI:2@!:*2
MB@!17)^+=\C^3Y$\O[K



MEHHH **** 

^*;?VLY?\ T./_  K3H 444B@
M HHHH **** BBDQ0 4'IQUHHH Y^_\ !^FZCJ;WEPDGSH RI*Z?
#U^5AVX



MTCH3D&KFE:-9Z-:FWL8FCC9MQR[



M&5L$] !DT 6**H+JL!(.R14_O%#BKJ.LB!E.5/0B@!3TJD#G6&'_ $P'_H1J
M\:HC_D

MEEB



M10** BBB@ HHHH 2BC%&* %%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M &B@T4 +1110 444@H 1R0IQU[5'% B_
5!D/5B.:E(HI6 3:,5UN%;S(
MR58=0.C?6K%%


M'2EI!TI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH SF'_ !4*''2V(_\ 'A_A
M6@*HC=_;IXX%MS_WV:O@!:3O2TE T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M_D8[O@\6L/\ Z')2 TZ*!THI@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%



4 4 %+1BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $
MI:2B@ /2L^%3_;EXY!_U$0 _%ZT*I6Y)UB\_ZY1?^ST 7ATHHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M $K-DQ_PD4!XXM'_  ^=*TZRW_Y&6,?].C_^AK0!ITM Z44 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !2=Z** BC%&* EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH 04M%% %*-1_;




M%CM2444 ***2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH #5$'_ (F\@QR+=3GZLW^%7C5%#_Q.9L_\^\?_ *$]


MJ6EZ/_:)@CE5P[ *H;'KWXZT@(_ ']FWLU[J4&N3ZK?R*JRO



M?^@+5BJUM_Q\7G_78?\ H4P+%%&*7% 8I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@





V^NAIKS6I88_.1?+L85

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


DY/R'81P

5VYX
M].WTJU5:R*_8;;RRC+Y:@&
_+C';/:K- !24M%  **2E[4 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9UG_R&-2^L?\ Z#6C6=9C_B;Z
MF?\ :C_] %:- !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


M75_M
5N?)COPNW:6&XJR\



MNP@=.YH VU4*  
 = .U+45O
+BWBF (61 X!ZC(S4M !1244 +BBBB@ HHH



C.&4JPQ

_]

!OTK8T+[3_8
MEF;QF:X


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 0]*K1#_B9W)X_P!5&/U?_&K/8U4@





MX7+R8[JZ?= ]^*ZO259=*ME:U6T98P#;J01%Q]W(J0+M%%%4 444@H 6BBB@

MHB&\@@%D)R3G R

2.#\O/8X[T =+9^
M7]D@\E2L7EKL!'(7:

MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@



P4%O

444 )C%+110 4444



M2@!:*04M  3@9K
T\YU?5AC[LL8_\AJ?ZUIGH:R]-_Y#&L_]=X__ $4E &I1






M

5KT  HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@!*!2TE T444 %%%% !1110 4444  HHHH **** B
&LVLKG['H$^CJ) &CF0J9#C[W

]E
RHUCK4TK2,8Y;:YP@9.WC< .
#D&NLHH RKB+4FT)$5
M_P#3Q&GF&

M

MN3F\07*(;G^U-



M4




2Q8D^Y/)JG)


'((((Q0!-8ZG9Z@K&
MVF#%


EN+A)4
M
]/T[36L8I/






+&
J!G^(K@@]17JQQWKSSQ/JNH_P!M




M%% 4B@4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !2444 %%+2=Z %Q1BB
MB@!*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6@TF!FZ]=2V.@W]W 0)8;=W3(R 017.:

M'\

MFU2\@5YM/DAND+PI;3;I8P!GYP?8XX[T =3^%+6!XBUB^T=8)8(K
V[-MDDN
M9_+ X. .#W%3:#K#ZM8373FW(68HHMW
)9'N+IX
M+F^C6)
P1QZ:[+(0

!*7M
M244 +12.P52S$*!U)/2N?@UZY?58XI([7['/*T
1CGW2@C/++C&/E/3I0!T-

YZ]@
M<4 :M%4]0U+3K-[F5)71.HAC
A_(#-0:?K
.I2LD$%VH49+RV[1J/;Y@
F@
!F3S%




M%%/'/&DD+K(C?=93D'\JEH **** BBB@ HHHH ****044M&*+ )12XI*8!

M% !7$^);VR



EY#IZ1V'DO


MXZXI@2T44E !1110 R:..:)HY45XVX97&0?J#7%VNFW]MXEMI'MT2%I68+#:
M1JJ\.#\^



M4_K6K63H/


S2DLY(X=1@@''XM_Q#=W=K8+]DT@ZFSL%
?!
MCU(/450\-07$=U/)*M]K(


\.-=C4F::ZF




AP!U(.-WK6$^JIJ#)=/!I;/#;M//


':6&0#VR.]252U6_&F:;/=^4\IC'RQKP7)(  /N2* .:@MKRWO





M6]

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K(\
C&@6W']_\ ]#-:]9'A@D^'


07?_7Y-_PAF@#4HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** $(]J






KG:B@#!_X0_1/-\QK,L2<D&1RI_#.*TK_3+/4[86U[
M;1W$(8-LD&1D=.M7** ,VRT/3=.N/.M+587QM^7IBIY=-M)[R.\D@1IXQA'Q
MR/\ .3],FK=% %6RL+?3X!#;1*B;BQQU)/4D]S5JBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH ***0L%&20![T +14!N8O






M (3@9]*KM;).=TPW@]%/058QTHI6 KFQM2NW[/'C_=%
\EK7#0LWE@\IG.![

MT4T$$X!Z=12T +1110 F*YNXT:^GNYYW@L\RE'82R@LI&.G0'  SZ9KI:2@
ME=071LMEKY'F$;2LH.S&.0 .:HZ3I5Q:3HT\5LJ1*PB



DM=1SLSGKV*CGGUKHZ3 -  .E+110 44E+0 4444 )BLS0_




$Y(48YJ6
M@!


M%% !1110 4F*6B@!



U

M*L[3M%M-


R5(RBL, Y /U(_C4/#UCJ=SY]RUUN
M  CNI(P
=.%(JU9:;;Z?:&U@

MK@&


50T9=NDVX'3']:OG@51
.X\1+<:;J^GZ?)#&OG



Y.<7TX_P#'S0!K

M-V#CC/\ *@#K[[4(+-3*)69SA(XHC(S'KP *;8:G!?[Q&LZ.F,I/T; 'IP
MPK.\1'YK-(A_ISNPMG



M[;6GETN..[N7A430R6[2B









M7;?& 

BRW
]J


MJC%4/1CCI7)Q)!:?9+P6




MDO\ 9-W;3KY8\S;

& ('!'0CWJ2.&*
YC


M #+?W0&KM !1110 4E+10 @I:** BBB@!*J:C9)J-E):2EE5P
LN.
'(Z]

M97




4AZ$8XI:0]




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI.] #9N(7^AJGH@QH.GCTMH_\ T 5;G_X]

M
/XNM=&HP
#H*$ M%%%
 HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!*6BB@ H

D)_P?
MJX_]&M0!KT444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)BEHH 3%&*6B@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** DI:* BBB@ HHHH ****  4444 %%%% !2$D=*6D(S0!4TS
MTRUVYP8U_D*N53TL8TJTSU$2?R%6Z %HHHH **** BBB@ IC1*SJY'S+T-/
MHH K_9W^U4.H3;@KM!)/UJQVHHH **** #M24M% !1110 4444 %%%% !11

M[%3VMXQ_XZ* +E%)10 M%%%   = *6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4C=



BM
M0!J=J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


M#2HHHH **** BBB@ HH/2HX94G021N&0]* )***2@!:*!10 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !15:]N6M+9YEC\S:
[0P7]3Q45AJ'VYYE^SRPF(@$2%#

:19#T@C

!(T=Q.!U 4D#Y[?CS28'?)QP.@XIU-7!)YIU- %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %)WI:3O0 4BB@!3TK.T(;=(A'^TY_-VK1[5GZ)_P @BW^A
M_P#0C0!H4444 %%%% !24M)0 =JS- &-,/'_ WF_P#1C5IUE^'4VZ0O.?WT


M%2=Z6DH !2T@I: BBB@ I
FBEH 

/E/TH J:0
:+8C



'GDL+ WW(1+-X;BYSC]\


:1:_[@H T**3%+0 4444

M'08+?C^%

M
D#))Z 5%I.I_P!H&1?*2


M;JIIBXTJS'I G_H(JW0 4444 %%%)WH *CN1;R8_N&I:BN?^/64_PP?Y4

PU##-)
V8^5=4

M '5#KFBD YZ=NM+0 4HI*44 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 48HHH 04M%% 'H:S]+D2'2[)'= 9$ 7)QN.
X'ZUHUQ6



MS'L*NUS6GOXKM[N&'4H]/NK=CAKB!F1E'/)4CZ5TM !1110 4444 %9?AX[M
M#MFZ$[SQ_OFM0G )K)\-\^'[0CH5./\ OHT :M+244 %%%%  *6D%+0 4444



MIL=RRJI+



M!%I QHMB!_S[Q_\ H(JY573!C2K
8QB!./\ @(JU0 4E+24 +1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
#_^@FK0H 6BC%&* $H/W?3BEQ4<\\5M \TTBQQ1J69F.  .I- '$%A)
MJS#R[W^RFU':X\R/:9\\';LW;=P'\7X5W*\#I7%3/X6DUZUU#3I;.;4Y;F-3
MY<I;.3@MM!QNQGG%=L!Q2Z@+1113 *XZZD*2%G).G&]&!9E#^89?O8*9V[\


M@8P#QD#/.* .X7WZTM %&*  4HI
4HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



6
M^<_2HM\XRWGVIB]PL@5BTFX@#H/N)@<\8![TOB258M++N54B1-CM+Y0C;/#


M\F_E0 NGC&G6H](4_D*L57LABQMQZ1K_ %6* DI:
4 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !110* BBB@ HH%% !1UHHH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *FJ?\@B]_ZX/_Z:MJNI_\@F\_ZX/_
M .@FK0')- T444 %(0&4@C((P12T4 ,6)5^ZH ]A3Z** BBB@!*38/[H%.
MHQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %







M$6BZU_:TMRAMVB\H*ZEC]Y&SM)XX.%SCW'K6P*Q?#\]W*MR+U569' P+;R2!

('J$ _2I* (



 !A
!L R.6R#P.O3M7:!!H9\1Z,VFZE
MJ4SQ12,MG*3)';!D(*EOX.F/:NO\0W-ZD MK6QOI_
P6EM2@*@

C+

$C-
M)@1^$Y(&L9DM_LCHDG^OM  DA('HH&1T-=#6)X;5ULI UMJ-OA\!+YU9L8_A
MP2



M




MZWBMM-F2&_6]4R9\P6OD\X[_ -[ZUT= !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )



]QSBI/#MM=
MPV4DE_'(EW-*TDF_:
].@4D ?CGUH VJ*** JFJ?\@J\_ZX/_Z:MU3U4XT







@C




4 
F.+=SZ*:X#Q'LAC\.W(U:?

MUU*.ZD4E([H+

MH^*D\FRGODCB3








$?6LSQ)-





MUUJ




M[1OMP[;-.6 2

ZOK2.TM+M
M[9Y=X#HVPYV-CGTW8R*!7$\,M&]O=M$GR_:&Q,)&<3C:N'!8DGCCKC*FL7QC
M)<_VI9110ZK,HC:0#3E4E6!QDEA[XQ6UX7M+RSTV5+SS06G9XQ+/YKA!P6^

Z8VDX&2


8'7@Y]J[&S#TA#(B-L&43[H.!T]J
M +%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !12&B@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** *6K$#2YRW

MK2]L(Y_



FY#%-O_ : 

)C[J@E@2P(SC]*Z


R;26-S.R$'Z '- %/P=&\-E=1/!Y.V8?*+980
M#L7(   .#GGO725DZ)%J*K=3:G%;Q7$T@;;;N77 4*.2!Z5JTP ]*X/76OK#
M4[F0W^JZ='++F.946XMB

7VGWPD4[+BSC%AM/W\<$UT&FC;IEJOIG\A

/8@#NMR\:@ DY..F:N:+!--$6FSM
M-;1NR!VD:0D@\_


&8I

M6L]L6DR$F*Y^ZO/RDCKFK] !1110!EZS-]EABN&'R)*/
(V;MN#D#=Q^7/I3


=175'H:X7Q)K]HFKSVJ7FCRJL




@!(;A(9(P7\XAMNJ]^HKL=:,AT.]\J!
M;ESV(G7<'XZ$=_IWH K:(MRUU+)<F5L(%1GN(Y.#UX11Z=3Z5N5R7@_^S#=






%KE9-)2U&FS:<]HJQ-;2'=LX!&#W&
5N




$=C%+!';IYRB5_LXPCDCJ/;TKGK*XEN=9M+


M\.^0]K++;-=-$[Y#3W2SAN.H8



UV8UGN[NUV

MCQUZ5RGB.XTZT@TV2;4-7M[EX=MNEAEFD V\LN
$].M=5J!Z;=%C@)N?3B



MZ5/#&DK
96A0_:'C;&5Y.TX XH ZD#33I%V=-6V$9A8GR H'W


6\0_V!_(4
M 2




I


0W2OY94'
M/*CL!75:A?WT=XEKI]O;22&/S;B4QKC.!MPIR: -C%%4-+O9+M)5GCCCN(7


A0.R+N&

D06

#FM;\W&HC5;G4;P8AD-Q$(FA YV[ !CUJ+7KZXT_Q&KV5]I<<[








M35E:\;E;)&M8[IW\P96VV;B
'CYN
=* .$\&0Z??:P=TV@7(
7G^5 DC2(00

&LOPM8:E;7[R7?V\
MKY9 %Q%;!
(



N!'.L+E=Z[M

M N2
_(I5ATR

Y7\[:ZJC9.64 DL2W7@*
5Z!VH





M'6%6OEE4-L;#;/+4YQGOQ74W

PBW



\2





!CQWH TL48I:* $K-UJVGN;)5@MX;AED#&&9B



\ UL5EZ&\[V\QFWNOF
M?)-)!Y3RC ^9EP

0H/11_*N:TF6TN=+UJYBU:+49)68SRQ+A$(0 *.W
M S72Q#(/]D4 /K@/%%O'+JUR9?M*P




M

MF2&6;[4_F.UP)LM@?Q!5!Z#M0!T
US#;HSS2(BJ-S%F  'XU*#D UQ?BI].7

MK#\5*[Z)
D?F





&XB7S(9'SG<H XXZCTKI]$%M_PB&IO;ZM_::R22N]R8S&2Q R/7I^= '9

M@GX6(1KF RVTDBI')*L%NL0A=LYC.WKC'?GFNDK&T;4)[NXN(KG29-.DCN

+Y;5E=B ]L\ZN-O(*K


MJ72(C.Y@#C%7*Q/$RLUA$/
O(H?.0S268)D5!D\8!.




M@S=$

8[=* /1M'6'^S()(6A=9$5
MS)#%Y:R$C[VWMVJ_5#123HMD278F!#EY!(3\HY+#AOJ.M7Z .=\7VPET26=;
M6TN)H2IVW154*[E9E+-P =OZ5%X+GCN]
EGBTNQL(V?@64R2*^.^5'%6_$\=

&/S?EP*ZVYO$M+'[3(KE



S1[0X&=IZ@_G7
W=IXNU#3Y
M-(N[?3'211&]^KL


M


M\@8
)@R2+

H;@'AL#IG!'J#3 W

\NC7*6TX@E*
M'$I;:!Z\]N.]
,'BJ'AFUN+B




?%L4]HUW8'4




21S?967S(MRC'4CK_0&M;0X5@TJ-%BN8B2S
M
MR1YA8DDDX..3Z5GW.G:K'J%U-9)9213S1S8FE=&!4*




+\


4K)




U/5%3[J@#T':@!V**6D[T



M[F*1!Z[7=OT KL_$;01Z'


M704 %%%% ]J**0GB@#D/&=]ILYM]+NYX8P7WRF6S,^P8.W QCD]ZT/
D3Z




LC YXXQV/I65X'ADM[NY!TV*
%3








MVG(PHX_VJZ'2Y[&:T T[RQ;IE0L:X4'V%
U?41I-JLYC5]S;/F?8J\$Y)QP.
M/U%.T[44U%9BB#


M3VDBBC1H]/4B







M;=118$+R

MB:TC@N6BCM4@1PNWH7SZ]?H17;-TSQ7GFNQB[UB[FTW0]3
D+;)KVQN192H
MZ8_B(Z?A0!T.G37G]A:A9:@89+NS5XGDA7:CC8&!QVX/3U%=&,DDUS&@_8&\
M*73V$=S&)!*9Q=D^=YF/FWY[UT] -R#7'6/A_Q)87RW$5_I9(@CMR&MW^XK


R
D3;97.6&

M0!@


M-*A?%O\ 93
6'R_




^N *GH Q/%4UNNBRVT]Y]D-P-J2E6(R.2#M'0@8_.LCP9;

M-2MBL?Q-_P @8_\ 7Q;_ /HY* 
/Q1X-N]9U :AIVI+9W 0=806W+G!$GWEZ




NNR6@U#1
MHHTN##]GE=O.('IVR:L^
+Q;;0I+80RRR7&% 6T

+=-U#4?$ -C:7=
MTR(N8KB)7M?PW

P9I!$\L$<JHPY!#DEA\H ?C/.16
M7X+@@2[G:&#2XF





M:6S;8 LDTJ23\$A5D#';OS0!W.I2?8]&@1)!8H6CB+AE'DJ2!P2




2+YG[V/Y?F7![-P1G!/

YZ88 @^Q H Z#%%%%
 KF_&6FV-UHYN



M)VC&=)CCC? /.\=.G:O1#[UQ
5PL_B:W\QM:DB-PWEF:6)8 PW@?*/F(RI S
M0!TNKQ&YL#:^84:9E0;)?+9AD%@IZ@X!Z5D^#]-NM.^W)
TKIO5 \LYE+LH(
M9ADG /''7K6CJ2R07]M??8)+P1HZ$18+1D[?F 8C/0CUI-%AF^TW]W):-:1W
M
BLD+D;N!@LP' )X[]A3 V*:_2G5'/M\E]TGEKM.7SC;QUS0!P]]JH3Q289]
M469;A8DB33?,^0XX\S'?O\ 6NZ5 J!0!@8Z5Q1OT;QMI#J.JR7 E4M&LT7

MA:W6:5I6@GMUD0%CDX.






ZF2!D*W!8-N '.#D



Z*Z?' (3'_HL[2-(21]X'[N





OE2NFY0V.1QVR?PSVK?KG/&7D/I1SP7$
X ;/?
M=6#KLKW,FZY:&XMY9C'NCTV0X\LXW,RRCY!N(STKH?!KV\VG7#V]L\(,H#*\
MPFX*% 8=@ *CDL]<AA;3[?3K.1 K0Q7;SGB%B
[EQDM@#O@XH ZB)=L2K\O

*\@GNC;:QI=K%J%NMO+;WK;2X ;D'


MCM-

C8
#^

(Q=,\C8HQS^(/TI7%</!:6.\N7
MT-]






M[W2(;A[^&^+

M^&[MKW1(;A[F2X+



M85D614B11(G1@


MVB$8Y8L2.@#8]3@=Z=X!,3:)-Y=M-;L)CN26X:;.54CEN^ 1V(- C/DT.;










MG#RRDJIM.#U+*1TSP1S4^C13Q6C&Y0I
[LS$RB0GWR% _#%9WBFW@CMH[IK*




C(!/3(X%

:)[$NAC9'D2!N.H([=^*7




UYI-S8/#9QQ9F^8
0S'Y6'!'

4M% !BDI:* *NH_\@N[

([L&),-DADW=-O&,
M9R/2NCNE9K254QO*$+GUQQVKC@T-]XOMKRVN;:YB,@YDN$4IQ_RS-EOHPKK

H()'XU0TK1K^_;4-5OTO+

M*'2E

G
M/'I6KI07^S8E3[2JC@XC./8@ ?RI(#E]4 T[4YDGO?$31E%*/:;G!R6R#\
MI QQBNUAQY


.*ZW1+&YLK)OMLB




M3L>LT(_\B+6C6?K(SIXS_P ]X?\ T:E %\ANG7![4HZ50UJUDOM%O+6%BLL
ML3*A#8Y(XY]* .5:V\0G6;B/2[RWL8VD:0)
.U

\XP: -S3;@

MF-O#G=\W\0SG!]*S/&UY:VDFFB\N8+:
F1UEDM//8




&:=V4;2Z!E!5AS@[


7_#%8WBVTN9M1
ZV-_.8[=3:



MI7=CI7
:3H-SI]_;!Y(6@MXF9Y


ID


M4K:Z:)FMX[JY25@VJQ&WH0-@Y[8KT # IH!:*** *FHJ'TZZ4R
&)@7)QM


M899HIDE+(8KD0

M418:I&([FY\]]I6&9$^SY[?

M8&A1110 5SVNZDUCJ5DDUREI921R[I9
!6?;A4)/3J3_ 
!KH:CD@CG0I+&C






MJ[X1_LF;27_LRX
@FT_^WUL/M%K$\=XS

P/RC. .
G)(Z5Q-K?




M*ZD C@X/J:5@

D
A.3PHY[8KKQTKG]#\


MD3[R!
EV;?:I*!@& Y/(./\ 9-:_AN19-$@*O-+M++NDE
A;!QD










M#N4XZ8/0U=T(:ND)CU5;.1@B%9[4$!O7@^GK[UB:Y:)_:=R;K0+K4!)-%/%)
QRI.


 H X- 'I5IY@M8A+







+B1TP.
8V@FJ7AW1[[2[BX-TJ
U65[K:S'-P^W:D;9X !.<].!








BB2)
M(HT5$0!551@ #H!3Z %QBBDI: FN=J
1V!-.IKKO&#C'?- 'G]O=)J=] ]U
MJ&C&:2%)OM#P1F:

:^:8@ XR5)]NN.]=<*S;+P]I&FW)N+'3;6U


CUH 
4




C Y/?BM#PN7.G2$B4QF9F
MCDF@$3R GEBH ZG/) S2Z@;G:BCM13 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI


M.IKFM/U276/#4EQ(8W=93$9(


 DD?3W[4SP\ULQF:P
:VVU5*)(S$/R




MQ0** #%)2TUFC)Q@=Z %K,UY]EC!TR;NW7GWE2L2/XB:,UX(GCO(X&)730
M_N6]PWI6QJ\D4^GVLD;H\;7EL593D']ZO(- &N.E%%% !1144]S!;1-+/-'%

MBB@!.]+5=KZT2Z%LUULYZ1&0;ORZU.* %HI,YZ4M !BBDI: BBB@ HHHH






M;
TUEI]M;R
0:E@=UJ$PM].N9F8*(XF;<5W8X/;O7/^'&G?5V:Z \SR6NMJD(;!7<#AV
M.02!@\9S74-&DD;(X!5@01ZBJUGI-A8&

M\=8MG^T7/V




MJDTTM\$0%G:

1CIOBW8;C!&._YTSP_H0T




I#9Z%?IT-'B26:#3XY([/[5&)
ME

\]: #



X&22.N#^5;9Z5P7C




:19P7?VJ&




QAL[^VGE'5$E!./7'I6;X
MHBU-H(+BPF?;%(&

5HL[LW.#\SJ


_.!GC8W7TH N44 4N* $Q

U
M_?PV\)FB8QX2423+&.26R$(' 7OU++0!NZ*
:)8?
S?Z/'\S+M9OE')'.#[=

4 ***** *5WJ^GV#!;N]MK=CC EE



#.XW9S]HD[8[U=H
M*6BB@ HHHH **** $-%+10 E%+BDH 7M24O:DI,CJMZVG6+W8ADE6+#2)&
MMLSR0.Y YKA;=/]UKZ3Z2FI7L\\R3/'#O\ LZ-NW9?CXR3C/;&.U=YJ=B]



5(##L?6O.[+P?JUOJD%P;*R$
MZ3AWU$7TK2

M 2BBB@#*\2K(^@W
4
$5P\@6
12@[&W


TY)^1EC!W #T'M7I;=!CUKS
M:X\*V






%A'D ''

CC\:!F3I\FJP:U8VLL7GP
M%I&-ZD*+E&3(1P!\K[@






M 4444 %)2TE  *6D%+0 A QTH  I:!0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !B

M[;7-N

M%%%% !1110 4E+2 4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#WU45,X&,T
MZC%%) %)2T4 )2=Z7%&* #-'- &*,4 +0***8!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44E% T444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444




AR

2!G\:B@D9S+TPDA48]
 _XU
M
2 
XH =1110 E%%% ]J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** $HII8 X)Q0&4]#]* '44 TM !128I: BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

MTRQ@QPQF/:$78/E/). 
_2D WQO96-WJ=L;G4;RW=826CB@:2
)G[[[2

MMAER3P0..M6?#DFL11)8:GIBVXMXE5)XYQ(LF.
8QD?C0!I64H+71SG$Y&._
M1:O#I52Q5
S.J!7
K!CZX-7.E
 HHHH 
4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

_L
MVU'*(8V]48BKE% $489#L8E@.C'O4M(.M+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

=JDX)P.@IJ$
M2 -@]
HDD:.5$<
@Q@]U)


\@_A6KH6C3:
L7\FJ3:=J=K!%,(5GC:4R+M+$8.0
$8JIJFIW6FW-W@(\JQ*T(D4[0S




MI



M'''O6IX:U:_N;B[T_5'LY;RW5)/.LSF-D8D#KT/RFI UM'96T\LOW3-*1_W\
M:K]97ATEM&1F&#YLW_HUJU:H!1124O:F 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !


M$?G4@3^'T*Z-&,9DE;&.F9&-:E4])Q_9D.3UY/U-7:H Q1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 444E T4E** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6BBB@ HHHH ****


M0 4444 %%%% !1110 E HHH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI*!0 M%%% 44


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4E+10 E+110 4444

MHI*6@ HHHH !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44@I: BBB@ HHHH **** 


ME;S5ITUXC?6(; 1.522S+LP ^\#GYL^U '5T5@VNHWDFJZ9;R*HCFLFFD&



M52V/I0!)17


7VF+ ?Z$$\^QP:N7^JVUA%
TID=XHQ(8XD+N03M& .I)X


LDC
DYMRD43
V


MD%

*BNO^/67
MV1OY4 0:0



SPB02;2#^!XZCKWS7

94#H-IZ5(%[%'2BBF 


[




M&I*H J&Y

M!=+O:5$4@#8-O!/7KUKM=

]
R64S6ZAIE0
MF




F9T8*=QV[0-IP<-Z8Z9K0UWRH=2MKAK?4XQB2WD1
M4.UMP5M[ =:Z PQ;_-\M?,[0^.0/3-8NIOJ4FI/#:QPW%LLF2UF3RY9@<








XXSC'2O-_&




M$[=O?M73&N;E&J-H%Y)I



MS7$VI)*01#=F-

M6GV$C/J





0IS_  BI
4 %


MQ8!OGY!/(YSCBNGT^-XH'5P03-*1]#(Q'Z&K04@+BD@BEHQ3 BF5VA81L$





MQL1UR%]


L44J0&8 @_0BJ&JZ1;06-E' &


PNKMK=2.SL[\GVXH Y?2O$5K'K-I:Z=K




GE22


\*4^4@]R!BJUOH6JM??O--TV./SHW2X6X9WA1=H*H-@P#M]

BX7DD\# H TH;&UT/4(C;MJ;1397RE
M=I((B2

M=GTH **** *.JV1O8(54PYCF63;
F]6 R/H3CT.#7
:S81Z7]M:*606[Z;





M



M!1110 4C=#2TC=#]* *6BC&BV8QC$2\?A5ZJFE_\@JT..L*']!5N@ HHHH *


?2D_@KT :0_2EI!TQ2T %%

M?^1?U'_KVD_]!-:%4=:P-#OL]/(?/Y&@S;*%M8E'  ?I4M-CQY:@#& .*=

MIH K:3_R++_ *X)_P@BKE5=-Q_95H 


M110 4444 %%%%  :HZ?_ *Z^_POD_\ H*U=/2JEC]^\.,9N#^/T 7****




MS)&8$_]!% %JBBB@!*6BB@ HI*!0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112=Z %/
M2J6GJ!]J(S\UPYY_ ?TJYVJK8?ZASW,TN?\ OLT 6^U%':B@ HHHH **** 

]XLICTQ&V?RH DMQBWC!ZA1_*I*;&,1J/0G4 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !5*\9?M=B.?./_ *+:KM9U\2-1TP9QF9C_ .0VH T:
M*04M !1110 ASGBJFDG.C6)/4V\?_H(JTQP?2JNE#&D661@^1'Q_P !% %R

]JXVW?6?[=
4RZBS-.


'TZT
M=.%C &*6CM10 53U09LL'H98@?^_BU;JGJAQ9KD9_?P_P#HU: +HZ44#I10
M 4444 %%%% !1110 444AH **B%QSE%E1G'558$C\.M/+JH))P%ZGTH =13
M$D1U#(P93T*G-.##.._I0 UHD9T=E^9


BH-0U:QTJ#S;ZX6
M%
<4
M+124M !112%@




#K:*!THI@





M97N/:D!RGAR]TV]UA#I48A6-3YRF]
GF#'&%W'.#CYNU=Q6.ME=?;[:6\N87
M\LL8A#;%
G&/F)+8X)XXK8H2 ****8&7X@29]*989)4&]?



M/#D

)//O4G7=VP S$'\JZ'5+3[9;(@:(%) X$J;T;KP1WZ_G

9^50O QW^M1W&EW:W
KVVMS6L
S[FB
2.%/?:6&1

M10 4444 %8/B=


GID [@

M




K)([

I31K13(LG[L?
K%@?H3R17-7C:ZFH7?]C1W
EJ96WEC
M$ K_ 

UTVDI''I-JD32-&L8 :3[Q^N.] %VBBB@ HHHH IZJ=ND
M7K8SB!S_ ..FI;

M]&*%QCBEH *R/$:/)HTX6=H4^4R.DHB;;GD!S]TGUK6K+UX0_84\U@&\U#&O

CI0!SWAF2SN-4B;29+LQPAEN?/OUG##'& '8YSCG XR*[6
MN5TI[FZU:VDU..VDA+^4JVAC,N001N+'MSCCI[5U8H ,4E+10 CM12'H?Z



MVXSU' 'Y5K:MY_\ 9DPMX9)I2

^KQ
MR*O7#&
8)H ]'%+24M

UJUFZVNZR4*T@E\U/*\M QWYXR#QCU]J .=\.7
-]JZM:

M /6NDH **** 

M$


LY@1X




'

8O@[F'S' Z?ETK-O+*X?4+EKS3=5NY&E8
MV\EK=A45?X0!N7!'N#746.FVU@&%NL@W8SOE9_\ T(G%5FT*VDO)9Y)KMMYR


*6\*1)N*H
 LQ8

D;
M

ME





M377URFB/J-UK


M

0];F ?\ D5:&!I#H

M/)]H[G(R

M0.68E2N
D# YI =0
\$8*Q+(BJ(P2<;0

4 %+28I: $HI:*


M%%% !1110 48QTHHH 2D/W3VIU-/3TH X/5M$COM7N+FZGEAE
C8A32O-#J#
MA26VG=D 'K^5=KIQD_LVV\V

!3CICM]*R)_$

MC'^!&7S@UKV*!+*)0LJC;G;
Y9QGG!))_G0!9HI** %HH[44 9OB [?#VH'_
0?Z/
M.LB/LQE6)7(^]D?CZ4 =(/7UI:0=** LGQ!;37&FL(;)+J165E1I6C(QW5E

@X(QSW]JZ$#'':@!:

L.I_E0!NCI1110 E%+24 ':BCM1
M0 M%%% !1110 4444 )1110 5EZXUK;+ZWD&?\ OL&M2J.IGVO_7S&/UH



M5G;WL)AN85EC)'RL.]3BD[T 4+#1-
TN1I+&SB@=EVEE'.
YQ]

M3W-6J* $HHHH **
4M =J*.U% T444 %%%% !1110 E&**7M0 E9NKMM^P


M 4444 %%%% !1BBB@!**6B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***2@!:*!10 4E+
M10 F*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
444 %%%% !1110 4444 8_BH ^&

M4 %%%% !1110 48HHH 2EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3%%+10 4444 &**** 

M44 %%%% 4M)2T %%%% !112=Z E%)2B@ K*U4?Z;I'J+O_ -IO6K67J(#:
MCI/H+AC_ .0W_P : -
#^5+2#@4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1124 +13(I5EC5


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

M7/6.M7]QJ$

MJD4;2&-@4?=G#


M1B0I/'!(7/T(H V12T=J2@!:R[_']L:2#G_62$?]^S6GBL?43CQ#H@XY:;M_
MTSH V**
4M !1110 4444 %%%% !2=J6FM0!Q6E36*:_916=W9W+
SJRVMU(

M.?O =.


9I7 V%=7!*

M@X(_.G5C:%@P7$Q;

M:V W) X !&3VI@:5%(*7M0 4444 %%%)B@!:R-?CNS8QO9+
UQ%*K*(=F['3





3AWLC(T15CM[A #M)QR:
M.R%+2#IGUI: BDW#MS0#F@!:*** $HI:2@#)\1*6TZ-1G+75N./3S5K7'05
MEZXF^T@7=M_TJ Y^DBFM
'CI0 M%)2T )WH%+24 +1110 4444 %%%% !112
M ^V* %HIP6C(- T4T$$X]*


M Z*Q/8

* $


6D#VF/_CHH V**2E[4 %%%% !1124



2S2*K?
3W.2




-7S+((</G:JC*$G 50 /:NM)&.<8]Z/E]J .;U\S7
M



MPKJ4J6S#? %:9

M** BBB@ HHI* ,CQ%J::?I4Y6]M;6Z=&$#7$@4%L=LG&:R?6IW.I74\LFI
M1W
;Q[_*6:*3RF+$!1L] !DG@D\=*ZF6&XB:%)


ULZ/
M=O\ \([#=7]RF?*WO

M^S^1Y
?D[=OE[1MQZ8Z8H XN+6WN]:41:S&R?:U$


=J

FW'[^;RE


M(!C;;S[UJZ.--$LW]ERVGD%5)BMT (//)(ZY]ZKWR^%9KR1KLZ8;I6VN9-N[
M/HWK^-%@)(Y[0^%#
(I?LYA;*[@S^G7IG/?I]*H6\.JPZA;/J5W)-:M*NR-9

^_Y&;2!_TSG/Z+6Q61=@'Q/I9QTAN,
M?^.4 :V*6BB@ HI** %I**6@ I,4M% =*RO$ 1M)F\UEV!D)1U9A)@@[<*
MG/M6M5/48H)+1_M$WD(N&$N\)L(Z'- '.Z
(+C5HI(;--
:)&W0K T;SCM]Y


M04M 444@ HI:2@ KF?$-^MA=123QWLT!0*J6MTL1#9.2




M#;XW[





M)!$0)-IVDC.#VH YF+7[ID%T]_I&P@'[.&(E&?X3R?F[=.M=0.17$Q1SK)$K




M06T-S'



88





[F1E)!PRD@\CKTKC_$%A9WFMW$FHW$EJ %6


&@VPDB\K:JKY7EDJ0&*_PD@9Q[T :M%%)0 M%%% =J*#10 M%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !5:49OH/9'_I5FJLAQJ-N /\ EG(?U3_&@S12CI1


80
KV

?UIZKCH
4ZB@ HHHH *S)USXBLF&/EMYL\^Z5IU

44 %+1BB@ HHHH *Q_$
ODZ?YB^9YRR
MJ852+S2S]AMR






M^IZCO6A;1S10*L\WG2#[S[0N?P%344 %%%% !1110 4444 9NK7$]I;QRPJ6


74]O%X?FG5


]S%;C]XV
] !DF


M **6B@!*6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D[TM% !VHHHH *RW'_%4

MDQ2T4 )2T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M!_\ 14E7.U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 48HHH 
4444



M4+IL:M8+GJ)#^0'^-7QTH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!LC[%W;6//0EHH_@ I124M !1110 4444 %%%%
UJI_\?:@#3I:
M!THH **** BDHH 6BDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *IQC_B;SG_IA%_Z%)5RJ<7_ &+GV@BQ_WU)0!<
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* 
R[

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M% 4M%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4E%)D9Q0 HI:3(I: $/2L]1_Q/9F/3[,G_H;5H'I5&,AM:N%
M[B(_P#C[_X4 7Z*!THH !128I: $Q12T4 )BEHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JG%_P ABY_Z]XO_ $*2



-
MC\*] '2@!#T_&LZ!A_PD-XHZK:PD_BTG^%:59EMSXDOQZ6T'_H4M
#3%% Z4






M_P RSJ[*7R

?C)6GVK-M?
M^1@U'_KC!_[/3 TZ*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K/M/^0QJ)_ZYC_QVMLZR.=6




M6U]/J

M110 4444 %%)10!G.?\ BI8/^O23_P!#2M(=*RW_%6HO]VQ)Q]7'^%:U T
VO!93B;38KDB-!NC?@,&^IYQVKN%  P.@KA?!*VZE=OHVA-::

-3/?SD&?^V:5H5F:62;_5\]KI0/^_24 :=%

M/N*;?
7


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 44M% 44M)2




3QU]?TKI:;E=VW(SCI0 D
M8P@& 


6+S(&&]ONKQU/M6/X
M9_M47
JZC'HR (-OV#.[/^U[5H:^D=[I]UI0F5)[BV=E#=-HQG/MR!^-
#!\


MR/4X]%ATV(0
CRQ2JPN-VTKMC&!@G-=5;9\ZZS_ ,]!_P@+0!9HHHI@%%%


TH#[7JG_7W_[3CK3K.TP#[1J1

2R2R(9
D\#:RCC'?/6@#0\+
M_P#'E


M);;P?]G=CC%=U7&L]S]@+F2X326!5D


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




M*8!112&@#E_%MK!

8M[4VT9

:J_
M&0JGH.GUK7% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YXUO:+?\ V]84;4Q(W^B_V8V-
<=?\ ;Z5Z'7'W.GZBT:SW-LB7%M$B6TPN\(C;CN=LXZ_+QSZ4 =<F2H)&
M#Z4ZFH
2#RSYDD0W

,+JWM_L8O&MH+5RV;JXM1.$8 84 ]-W//M6KX;F%QX?LY1
MD*LF56./8I7/!]@1@X]Z -6E%':@4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4E+10 4444 %%%% !6;I('F:AQS]K?^2UI5G:5P]_[W;_R


\+N/)_^O6G110 4444 %%%% !1

HQ@KC=USV(KJZ* &J




7#8C^4@_


M0!R%_J]E:ZGJ

LRX



M *4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M'7I[?2?$T&KZG!)+9K!Y
M<,J1E_L\F<DD#U!Z^U,#PG:2IKD]Q%X<;1;4VX21-X(EDW#&%' P
\XYS76
MVN?
N.W[W^@KEO#5_9WWBF_ETB:ZEL)H1++O#B


M*6B@ HHHH *2EI* EI,4@!:*** DI:* $%+2EH *JV(Q%+QUFD_]-6J
MJV/^JD_Z[2_^AF@U112=Z BBEQ0 E+1BB@ HHHH *2EH[4 )2T44 %)BEH
MH !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 44N*

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HI#10 M)110 O:DHHI
 KBO%;ZG-K45G:
AHH/0]*3 P-1\3P6<4P1&



M 
FYU.Z6_DM+2R68QJK.SSB




TD&DS36\+





Q+


IP#BK]8U


MZR+BVB=66);94+%3D9(SWQTH U[J^M;*

M%

M+(GF(RYQD8S7*V_AJ6)[81Z=I=JT+J3=09\UE!YXVCD^Y[F@#JV=44L[!0.I


EY'



M

M+^XM%4;7O+?RR&SR 2 3^5=%0 4444 %(:6@]* *EF0;F_\ 43@'_OVG_P!:

MS 2(BV

0P3N+*2
#&
'





6FVR&
MW2V(C7
*'(C./NCZ5:I10 E%+13 3%+BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I**,4 **
M*!10 4444 %&*** D[TM)B@ HHI: DI:3% U3T[_CW?!Z3S?^C&JW5/2_
M^/1_^N\W_HUJ +M%%% !1110 4444 %&*** BBB@ HHHH *2EI* BEHH 2


4EH 3:._-+110 4444 %)2T
M4 )2BBB@!,#- &*6B@ HQ110 F**** E%)BE% !0:** *MH?WUY[3#_ - 2




M


45U=W1F*Q-N7[H'7\*ZBF


M%%%% !1110 444E T4B@ HHHH *
444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M%)1
M0 4M)2B@ I**6@ %%)2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)BEI*

MB@ I*** %%% HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BDI10 4444 %%)10 &BCM10

\
MDG_M$(N(UQL(YQNW_+CUP<XK;\-7&_PXUS#'9$_.PCLFW1YZ]?7UQQ18#$UK
M2=5LX[USJ%_/9NNZ?]_I<8 /R^7GH

M(D\V9K8$S3
B@ ]ZY#Q!<-_:)?6Q
M%KL98O\ B8K!O;CYNH.177YQCBLO4=)%]/YP:(.$@20AQD
&'X9S^= !9QO



4%VULQM55+C:

MC



M.W9YB!MO7&??O]:Y_7=
\V^5X;:.

..2.-$S;B/<JYP<@D



:?*(=)N+H1W+Y=4\
MB1R<JR@C8#T)SCVH W[]:\@
[VL]L







N9#)+;DL3EBKLN3^!%:M&* *CZ=:RZ=]@E@5[79Y9C

M*32P

[+(H7$RH 0RD$''3J!Q6
MA24 8L6A

.U=7

K




UH5
MF^'^=LSZQY_6@#3HHHH **** DI:2@ HHHH 6B@50N;^2*[DMXK9Y62#SL

Z A945P#V!&:FH **
9;(YC

444 %%%)0 M%%% !1124 +11VHH ***2@!:2EHH 2B
MEI* BBB@ [44=J* %HHHH 3O12XHQ0 TG SZ57:V6X.9AO3LAZ#_&K.*,8
MI 5_L%KC'V:+'^X*!#]FYC)V?W.P^E6*,4; )U (Z5G:#@Z/ 0,#YO\ T(UH
M 87 Z5GZ!QHEK[J3^IH TZ***8!24M% 8I124M !1110 E%+10 4444 %%%
M% '+^(;B.2^CC74TME53'
&D=
 LI)&!@G:,]MU:^B!UTN$/.)N0ZL6&TD


*]* -(4444 %%%% !1110 4F*6B@!


M!EZWJ9TJT2Z\HNHDPV.3C!.![DC ]S2:%J5QJ$$PNX1'-#)L;;]T\ X'KC.#

M 4444 %%%)0 9KF=/V'4H)?F$


)M8/
+/DY!^4]L8' ZUT=D9&LX#*
2&-2






\-Z;-!JBW-QI]U
M;L(Y \CK&%=F8$YVL3P%4 =L5V8Z4 %%%% !1110 4444 %!X%%5-0NWL[-Y
MDMI[H@X\J!06/YD4 2K=0O)Y:RH7QNV;AG'KCTJ85Q/AV&Z.I6PGL+R$PAR9


MWQ6[I.I)JEF9U@E@97:-XI5PR




J0QSCCO7(1-J7DP0LT@T8!0LG


M


M$D@4A74

M6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**2D)P.E T8K).NB.W-S+IUY%:A=QG8)@+ZE0VX#\*N7=^+58]L$L\DK;$C
MB R3C)ZD # ZF@V**SK;5?/NS:2VEQ;3^6952;:=R @$@J2.I''O6C0 44E
M% T444 %%%% !1156^OTL+?S9(Y'RX14B4LS$G P/\ (H M45GV^JB:Z%M+
M9W-M(P)3S@




&
MJ
&CV%L


$57TJSL
MK:Z)M)C/^[*M))=-


=R^Y\S^E:JK





M4]2OXM-LGN9HI)(U(#-=QY]O2@#DO#KE/$8BDUBWU5OL[.CQ22L8AQUR[+@
M]/[W-=PO?IUK%L;A+F_C\NRO[4!'^62$)$W3D^_I^-;2]* %HHI* %HI*!0
M&B@T4 +1110 4444 %%%% 4444 -F.V0^BDU7TK_D$67/_ P3_P!!%2W?


M7  P6$C#8 P1UZ8KT2(8C ]*2W ?1113 **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH 2EHH

MO10 M&*2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH * 
44M !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %)C-+0* &&-2X8@$CU%.QS1WI: FXY)IU)WH ,4M%% !111
M0 444WH3SGVS0!F^'P1I[NOFS'_ 


MIG_ **??G&GW)QG$3']*2P 73[=1T$2C]!28%FBBDI@+2'H:44V3/E/@9.
MTX% 'E^N:$D&H3FU\/V2VZ2*L++8-
[_ '"#@9R_.,#;UYKT^(80#& .,5
MR6G:=XNBM;5&U:P2-8T7RVLVW* !QG=U]ZZY?NB@!:!110 M%':B@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!,4M%% !1110 4444 %)2TE %'6N-U ^EK

M 4444 %%%% !1110 F*6BB@ HHHH 2EHHQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 F*6BB@ H

M_7%_Y&GVHQ:0C&
(O'X5'J?_ KS_K@_P#Z:F@&($'^R/Y4 24444 %%%%
M 8'I2T44 )0*
4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 % Z444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !24M% &9X@X\.ZE_UZR?^@FKEF
E?\ (+M^<_(*N55T[']G6^T8&P?RJU0 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E+VHI* *NJ?\@F\_ZX/_ .@FK$(Q
M$OT%5M4&=)O/^N#_ /H)JT@PH!]* '4444 %%%% !0*** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
OQ)_R+6J?


@Y% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4E+24 5=3_Y!-YCC]P__ *:M#FJVHX_LN[ST\E__0:L
MB@!:*** D[TM)WH 6BDI: BBDH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

M(&*TZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

'I0 %& 
#TI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6C% %741_Q++K_
M *XMT^E6!4-[S87''_+)OY5.HQF@ Q2T44 %)WI:3O0 4M%% 448HH 7M11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E+124 9^M



M@!**** D?A3T I:9.2()#CHI/Z4 0:6/\ B4V?_7!/_015NJFF?\@FS_ZX


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !112=Z
M BBE% 5#='%G










I((/T% %_PT





M44 %%)2T %%%% !1124 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%)0 M%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !2=Z6C% 4HHQ10 50UIMNA:@V.EM)_P@FK]9VN@GP_J(

4 )36Z4_%-8

M)=:A))'DJ)KMW7)&.A]B:W!THQ10 M I*6@ HHHH 2EHQ1B@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH 2E%)10!5U XMTYQ^_B_]#6K=4M2S
MY

M#+$;3T&#DT 68[F69X8YHVECQO16!9
]

M;BV
1)+$D\J

2/ITH Z+K6?KHSX?U'_KVD_]!-7QTK.\0Y_X1S4@
M#@FVD&?3Y30!?B_U2_0?RI]


]\4 :](WW31F@Y

M7D0KYBE2


M444 %)2TE BB@44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 =J*3.!TI: BBB@



MXQTX_&@#6HID







MI =9I8E_LFT$[K++Y2[G#;@3ZY[_ %KG]
NU.L+;3PZB]R)&W2/?*T9Z\E _
M ]BM;T$WD:3;LB+


9K3K-UX Z


MB@ HHHH **2B@!DH?RV\O;OP=N[IGMFN8M= O3JGVR]M-&N)/.
GGB)O-3I]
MTGTQ75BN26YN;;42T4DZZ8;TQE@(F4

=J*!UHQ0!Q?B



8'ZB@#7'2EI

UJ4&Y

1LO


M^8?5O3.3^-6K+2[NPT76;B]
(NKWS)Y$ASL0[



MBB@ HHJ![N&.3RY)8T?&=K. ?RH GHI%8

BEH **** BBB@ HI P89'(I:
M BBB@ HHI* %HHQ10 4444 %%%% !2=Z6C% EI** 




%&[OS7*?\(]J)@NXGCMYC-M;.&/R1N^YY&!'W^
MG3J5ZC/'5QJ4C1?0 9^E ''2W.KMXBCB^UE$BN,
746'5G)(9?O$! H QG)
M]*W/$
MQ'I4RP12$%?GD$R1!1QG+






[\J.X6!64(;B%4<G!ST R.F#3_$$<-]#!IC&%YKAU=89@=L

LFD(YLS

@5_[0B\D+O4@+&3G[FX'CDFNRLK
M?R-

MJH!R/3G%:^N6WFZ5*4MXII8QNC#Q!]IXR0.3C-8_AJ.2#5K^V:,[(EE_LB




M% CL5& !Z4M-48IU Q!2TT'U%*#D9H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J.4#RSD
MX'KZ5)534998=/EDAMFN9 O$*D O[9- 'GG@M#%K-LICTET59%2XAM95E?@


%\_\ -6&1_RR


\X_2KOAD8\-Z?SG]PM &M7GGBZ




5NS2_9K4R.64HO(

H+
M7


MM$NC+&AM8UC$F6))DSN*Y)/K72:EHMEJZ1_;%E)3)7RYGC(S_ND9K@]&L8+?





=_K0


MY\$




]1VKM=/2YCML75

'B]HO(D
G]HH)E%R_R'S
( N




M0!JKTI:0=*7H* 
?4+O68IREEI





MVA13MR[=
GL.#S0!Q?@R&WBU:W$MY+Z%75X9(Y(IO+V@*,-U&2[$^IXKTD=
M!7G&AV&F:E,89K::.625;;5+BX

M17
ECV_TE?Y-5\=*H:@?](L ?^?D?^@O5X=!0 ZBDI: $HI:2@!:*** $KS_
M 




!AC&[HI# @]\4N


D[=Q/48SCFM[PX



 X]^: .VBB$


M=V9VCNF


ID\NXC5#M5=QVE




X7DXSGCTKD=)
SCM[AH1Y\@7
M]]$SJJ]VP,=/J/TI/\5G%:S?8IK::

M):69





^IE[R
MPU.\A5!Y'V*7:J^NY=PYSW^GI6YH*W*Z/ +L.)AD;78
RC/ 8C@G&
GUH TJ



\ZU4ZFWB\W%M)-]
DX9V:V)8 L@3;V#'+,,< +VKN-<FCMMOYI(5F1(6)C;HW!X/M0

G ^

LY E\Y9


=JUY?- L&($N;!81*HQ\R

OU'&<UMT %+24M !1110 4
M4E% T444 %%%)0 V1E12S
% '+'M7GD5B]OJVU=$U'^UA?;O[21B(I8B^2S
M'.



#'I5.]'^


M




M=



P3ZM<ZK?6D^I2(HDC
MM@0L2!6V@YYYR3S6SH[?#^G+G(%K%S_ ,!% &C7GOC#4[BS\11(+DVD(B#

9CSE6;:2!TXR/6D
M!UHE062/*X*F

&L3:E9SW4&=/AC8VW^DQL4!&!D*@)..


!TP

P2)F.


'MTJH]Y9)?

H_2@#)\/LTD
MMY+.CQ7C%/-C:)8\+CY3@

#\*FH 1


ZG=2W:6\NH//498EEM51FVA2#N5S_RGD=Z
 :X/7?&U

%B1V] #IX;&\M/#26*3^9=Q6XC67)

+CR4(2((CY[C#Y4?0USWBB2X2]





M@68H(Y
B.W

 D#/I_$





.(


M7NK6[:EX


M\\&@#IO6FNZHC


1D#((_K0!Q=S=7U



$P+A)%GG$2A#P3D_RK6JEJMI#


OFE TKJ@ *-R6;L#@D9'2L/PI:6UIK5N+2QMU_T
BX






M\

CQYW$EB!['

_VB
'R+.$P2%C)%9%=[&
_)OZ!L-D_3%=-
MJ!E&G7'D!O.\M@FT@'..


FY1(K=; 2KY9498
1T^\?;!%=


M@=L5;UZ\FM=
E

+@9)[]15RUDEE@22:+RI&&6CW;M
MI]


Y!XK
TRRT*'4X6L=

#DKP3/XDF5)HR[






.2


J.NTJ.A';'I4]8OAVTDL[$QNQ
M:,L#&?/,H(V+DACS@MFMJ@ HHI* /-[WPG?/?7,O_/65UO^TCS9)U!D
C[D


277@:64W#W)4R1I<.,&50YM^(Q65;:M:ZA=Z+;7%W9W+-+<


D
M;R2.J(@+
S' 4#N: /.]9NM8?5YX(+[7()OM!(B@ME:)8@






3Q$T;V2QA8Y)5/F_/=FW

M:MO0].FTVSDCN&A
TTSS

?D

^#@(-9D@B


MMZUQ.FP^);JYTXZG8Z'=21S*5O5D#2KM/S_5A@CBD!Z(*6D'XTM4!2NN;^P_

L$R0S%&$4DF
*V.

%M=6D&W]^

C%

R .UA=M






MD!D@D5+


!4BD\Q0/9NXH O4448I@+
M7/\ BF_FL+:!XKN6S0R8EGCMO.P



M0


N5BC
M3AC*!ST!/XC%*X'5Z% EMIJQQZD^HQACLG=U8D9Z9'!Q6EBL7PLB1:(L8M(;


-O
M@9(/0$$M^)KTJD(R.: .2T-Q'IVL6-O=RWEG:$I#-.VYL[


M#T5U0::%VK*HC^02 8? XS7

 X/!'2N8\(:4NGZR2T%M 9(&
86VEB9QD=-S


LOEF/?&72601JZAP2I
M8]


MVWVB4SS7-Q%.LGWB0L?')  '/3BNVH **** 

MP&X ]

8
MP!SZUVB_*

0H/4




M124M !BL[5D







M-Y;?

CKT!/YT .\*!D
M\.V\8@:(H754D@

A0N-I4L@49




#RV$NDM"A8':&)QG(!_H*[P# Q6)I*RV]ZUK<7E[,Q@61!</&
?#4-)U#Q%!+%<WT<MV5(M'M%S(K%&W8

X7[

'.TY_










M[X&/RK+N]*TZ:[D+:K=PR$DF*&^
:C/)^4'BM32EMX]
MDM'9[=8P(V9B25'

@7 ''MZ5Z$3@5R?BJ2.26


V
@%K;[/QD_P=JUJ 

_)_KQ6M3 **** *]^
Z==#UA?^1I]OQ;QC
M&


MN\R7#.2.-/FP8V/ SUX'X9JKH\5K]N+'5O
C0JAO5;;&IQD*3]!6K


[I@H'Z
: +]13RI#

;J58 D9!&#TH Y_P#M_0WOM
CBB$TEPQ-N

 WWB:









M
-2U#4K6:5O*N8;42)]IP 2!Z =*[;4-.AU*T@MW



Q%

MJ







#23D9_?P#_ 


OT!X- 'FMK;V*^-89B?#SSO?9(@

DD?E*[!F/.UCT!YZY[


L+
 I/WSTQQ_D5IZ
M%!);:1!%-'/'(H.4GE$KCYCU8=: -*J.L#_B37N'





M^[GO7JMT)#;3'_6[#LY[X.*\^T6XUY-0T@WDU_#AA:_9)8LB8!99&8]



MKT_V70[R?[

M&([X7.[#
P)(S@@



M49Z^^/QK1UJ%)-/?







M-V1YAD/)R





MGN1CC%;FMB[-E$+%@MP9X]I96*CYAG=M(.
4@.4\
7EH^O)#%'IANC&YGBMK
%T<MVZL<UK@8 S0@%HHHI@&*
M














$X8YRW/7/)[UR$C7U
MWKT

7&
3)O3\1WKC?#

KNRV  6



M;/3Y$#&-1C

@'Y4OC#SQI2D2VZP1ZR0O*7.X;5VKU!Z$8KI*Y[QHSIX:G<'JR$_Z1Y!


MK J0X-Q/:M*0&W@X((P

M%!9NA;/ZUU^FVSVEC%!+
)G08
BQB


MH:6[N[\R0S*GV3[
093,9CXS_=(!%<C'%NUDR*MJ8SJ
M9!U!E=95<$_NAQ@KQLSN SVS7466J1W&BIJ-QLMTDR;F^5<$@\G&1QUXKD+
M/4=

MBBB@ HHHH *2EHH *2EI*3 J:D';3;I8S('
+;3$
OG!QM]Z\]\*P6


M6/6Y;Z\E;%[93J&:!MA+
.
.YGT=K%(5*F65D+O


;G;M;


M I:* # ]*

M3@\T +2EHH R?$=];V6D3^==16[21LD;22B/+8Z GH:Q/-_9W=S.MO9VL+

LLIR3OEM_)8_\!P





U@8GKF


M_



^@ [5I^([B.


M58T'.Q0?I3AGO2T )2BDI10 5!+ )9('8D&%]XQW^4C^M3T4 5_L=M]H^T_9
MXOM&



MN().3P3D#(Y&





=!2T@ZBF M%)BEH **3%% T444 %)1128'-^*[ZXM7
MTN..\-C;37(%S=8X10
A23P-QP

MC ]L5O:C;V=U830:@D+V;+^]67[N!SD_3&?PK*TGPKX?TVYCO]/LXA+C]W+O

MBBB@ J[O(+VDN;F18X8QEW;H*GK!\70^&[KRGE20%6#11&1U(=3E5'4C

4)7S98TW=-S ?S


48I#P
URMWX\T^RU*2TDM-0:.)S&]U';%H@PZC(]* .C

M=:FH ***2@!:*** #%%%% !16=?:Q;V0DWQW$KHX3RX8F=F)7/ '48S^1JS9


MH **** BC-% !1129H .E%%%  *6BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *QM?!)


^8E

MWFKQ116]Q:1QJVYEN;03 G@@\D8I 4?!T8C^T*DU@46-%\JSN/. P6^8G QP
M0




M:%IUYIXN1=W(F





]9/B:^AAGMDE;=#\XE$?D
X.!@


M(_=^O:M*J&JSR6VG321[/
P N4WC)( R
8G)#=<< <5OT %%%%


6^48)/\JZ*

W-;]SJ*:G;^&[V(,J75TDJANN##(<5P
ML_DZI-'J6JW7AV6Z426RO8#;R*?[N<\GC'((Z5WD\T=W_PC
\41CBDN Z(P


M8XW$'GGICL?2@#7K(O-5DCU V=M#!)*L?FL9IO+4#.
#@Y/Y4S1-=&LBY7RX

DD.E&YW
3R2PQ@_I0!V5C

MHHH **0T4 +1110 4444@
K6FM;J%M'EN!#/?0R+%G^+ YQZX!Z5R&B:)?V/



M& ZX]14PY%&

M2BEI* %I


!Z5Z
MJO?ZTD M)1WI<4P 4444 8_BA!)X;OT:58E:%@SMG&.,C*\\]./6N\%6]H?

E:5J< \YHYI
M;^1)'8'#,T1X[?4\5Z.1D5YEK=WX6_MZ[DO[;5],O(WV37-KNOU.24R.1S
MTS0!TNEQV/\ PB4IL9+F1))'
C7?^M\S=AM_'!XQ^5=2/ZFN5TA-''A(_P!B

@!VAC@$XXS7%Z19:[_:$=Z^
MAZ!:
7(DD17\X#/./EKLKE&DMI41]C
A ;^[QUKS[3/#MS:ZQ931P6%O-'*#
M-=)J
DC2CN A&


A^4;O7N#
M7JEQ:BZC*^;-&

LA.0$W18_AXX!XQ





XSQ6H*Q/%-OI=UH_DZQ$\EJ\T: )G(=


W
M1]
.F6TD)


MI8HXW(P
Y5. 

M0 O2BBB@!*

M4M% #)88YXS'*BNAX*L
@_454M-%TNPE
MIIMI;RD8+Q0JK?F!5ZB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 0@5 +*W%R]P(5$LBA'8?Q = ?7J:



MK^D3:OIZPV]U+;3)(K!XY6CR
_



M.)TS2?$IO5NKA-#@VRD

M$D:-XKB
Q.=IX.0
2\\/O<Q+'.9&

M(Z@O$24/H2

MKK*9)#%
4

MUN4@^F*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI * %HI
4M !1110
M 4444 %%%% 44M% 448HQ0 O:BBB@ HHHH ***3O0 O:BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBCO0 E%![4@ I:0EH 3O12]
MZ0=#0 HHHHH **3M2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M(: %HHHH **** B
MBB@!.]+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 &**** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:0T %%+2 4 +111
00 4444 %%%% !11BB@#_V0$!
end







begin 644 ex10-20_010.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#WT#'-.I**


!U% .110 4DI10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %)1D9QWHW#N: BEI* %HI
4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
O7T[XIPZ4U8U!#E1NQC.*?P*8
M .**,T4 % HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH *:Q.
+UIU)WH B^S*WWV9CZDX_E43:=;-UC.?4
:MT4 0PH8OD))7L3UJ:
MDP*44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



M7+(F 0#O3@8Y%=/8Z?%8V]RML7\RXD:9F=LD





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $%+110 F**6
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** F+(&+#!^4X-/HZ


!BHK@JL$K.K
JH2549)&.@]

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI* C%+4%Y$\]G/#&YC=XV57'\)((!I6 A73[

M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
7)Z[L JP%=A<%FN]*(?(,A8D+@']TW..W:@#4%)2BDI@***!1
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 44B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH%% !124HH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI*
M%HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6DH *

B@9 _$$'Z&I XZ/Q9


8Y4 =UR/:NCN

M:0=!2TP 4444 %%&** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *:!CVIU&* BBB
M@!**** %[44=J* BBB@ HHHH **** $[TCO0* %HHHH **** BBB@!.]%

M0&0PJ90 YZ@4 24444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !24M)0 M%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111



MHHHH **** BBDH 6BDI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

$;1\HZ
M]_\ ZW8+T%*X#J***8!163KT\UMIYFB

BL5SS@O\ +Z?AGO6)I%WJ

M% !112@!:**KWT_V:SEGV;_ T9M@ZG SB@Q16##K-QT

%89 X.30!TU%(.*;
M*VR)GQG:

 NP7)P
]S4
M[:02B*6ZACD


M%%)FEH *2EI#0 M%-R*=F@ HHHH **2E% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11120




[(AJ!=&\PH?
WD+R/RI
#+\*QM-J



3EUQZ
M[2O]36#=Z98V$][=6=@PDDMY!
\4N$4D9Y3.
G YQ28&+/I^EW=OX8M]4ELF


MPH+$COQCM0!T%4M3XMXS_P!-X1_Y$6KM4=4/[B$#_GYA_P#1BT


7
F
YH HSR

MA2:LCIW_ !JAKN1X?U$CJ+63_P!!-
#E_%#:84TJUN;+4I[F*!IHI; XDA10



VDN8[<JMO<6;W*E2%)8*@R 

MP+N\%YY

M97*^!;FTN['49;

QL0
?\?:$Y_&N
M'\1Z+8Q^(;R[OM

M:N.UOP\/^$AO)WT:UUBWO KO$9@EQ&0 



MIJ.J79

MZWG'2W _-O\ ZU %_-)1B@4 ***** 
'QAYI\/2+ 9@[2QK^YD\MBXR-W\.
M1GFH_UD]E!.KV5U;%W! N+W[3GW!R




MQ574+1;ZQFM6.!*NWD9'X^U '-V-HT.I)Y
M\'DD200W-\)

MZ 5T6F[A:?-U
LG7_?:J


M:X$BSR1*2$V
2KC'# XP0.?K6[J=O-=V$D
#A)3@JQSC((/]

M9C@BG$TLES*DK


W
2?FZ8!5??%*

4W1;+7;?Q&RZFPEM(;
103*Y(EP^0SK


MK%-\H==/?:ISC^)

MSC)P!5J.&.)2L:*HR3@#C)I(



MD@C





M8@V_:D
8154
0
#MTIFF^

2T+V3'8PW'/! P?7ZT ;M%%&*  4M&** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
D<?\:KIK,C_Y&.Y7GBTB/_C\E &G1
M110 E+0** &/&LB%70,IZ@C(JI8:59Z89OL<PK

MR]6(%SI8R.;P8'_ 'K4K(U@9O]&P#_Q^_P#M)Z *USX1TNXUJ#6%CDBO8Y1*
M9(W(WD?WAT/'':KFD:-'I4M[
)I9IKR8RR/)C\ 
=@.*TZ!0 M%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% 8'I2X'ITI.]% T444 &!Z4A ]*6D- &7H!#:=(PP?])GY_[:




M5K:*1Q
^]5F.=RH?3&



UF:@?^)SI:=MTK?D


?5XZV3TK(
ME(_X2FT&.19S'_Q^.@BO@ZT30Y]*CN+A86G,UN^[+6QR#\A[#.?S(J[X9T=
MM!TUTUYC
T&[
F/O98G/ZUL#I10 @I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH 2BEI* EHHH #5*


MEI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ JGIO_ !Z @YS))S_P


M9'QC+.?_ !\G^M: JAHV?[*@S[_^A&KXH 6LO7B/[
 89#3PJ0?0R**U*Q_$
M.?[-C&.MW;_^CEH UQ2T@I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH IZF
Z5=C_
M *8L/T-64&(U'L*S]?=H] U!U)#!\'\*T5! 'T% T=J** 


MKGI64W/BI6':R(_-Q_A0!K44#I10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M %%%% !5+5R!I%T2

M HI
44=J 
R;GQ'9C_IVF;_QZ.M



MQ0#_ -#_ 



  ^^.];'A
MI8E\/VAAF
R

M_5=4U%-3-CIHT])%02
U[*R@@D_= '/2K^C7DUY:%KG[/Y\;M&YMW+(2
=1
M[T :-+24O:@ K)F8_P#568[&SE_]#CK6K/;!U]1W%L3_P/@#0HI*6@ HH

MD&XI/$4.W.



BM&@Z

M/]MW([?9HO\ T*2KU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44W(SW_*ES0 M4+V674
M--DC7*13,TA] 8W7^9%7Z* DI:3O0 '&*SK3/\ ;6HY&!MBQ^1K1JC:)C4K
M]SW9!^ 4?XT 7J6DHH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@







MK@:E+VI*7M3 2J'_ #


MG'48KIJR=



2?)A/+1

M?2MD




M9LVK2

MM)!!YYSGB@#;HHI* %I.]%% !^%5;7)N[TGM*H'_ 'PI_K5JJEE_Q]:AS_RW
M7\/W24 7
4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M A^Z:HZ8.;TXX-T^/T']*O'H:HZ6/W5PQ&
W
O\ Z$128%^DQ2T4P$Q1CCTI


MC()!)Y:[A*H



M@]2?\:K^'J3W5M)IR6%U&$:2*&8R1;6R05Z8Z$8P.GO4?BJT%_!!#+'*456
M8-%:+.V_CX*MM!YYQVZBI/#-O=6RW$=U#A_W;-
T01G8K\PX # '@'% '0X
MI:0=!GK2XH *HW8+7^G^@E8G_OAA_6KU4;AL:G8IZF1O_'?_ *] %ZDI:* $

MWSAN





6[M(;A8P%R.K(V[/Z5:\.-<9O$O)&DNXY LCF9901CC!KCOQB@#=HI


M7D[7$NE@KK*DL.K/Q3KD@*!GZFNBTYD?3;9H]^PQ(5WG+8VC&3W-9L_A+2










R=/I6I)_JG_P!TU4T:,Q:+9(<96!!P/]D4@+U%%%, HHHH **** B






M! VGVWGN9
.H7)^Z=HQZ%@ 3V&: -G-%9&A7%_+:S+?ART4Q1)&B\LR* .=O
M;DD?A6?J6IZW%?SPV=DQAB(=7\@L&7:N%!'4EF/3H%H Z;(YY'%&1ZBJEY-/


4 +1244 +1256O;Z&PA66;=M+J@VKGDD ?A0!:HK.TK6

MEHHH 3M61X6S_P (QIY/4Q \UK'[I^E97A?_ )%?3?\ KW3^5 &O1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M=;9S//90S21-$\B!FC8Y*DCD4 6*
M*2EH **** BBB@ HQ136. <#- T5QO_07TDPE;5=-M2







M*)7A9Y'#%HHC&


LG_ %\3_P#HUJNT %%%% !1110 444E

M4]%4)HEBH4*!;I\HZ#Y10!?HHHH **!10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %




MV]S5+2QBUD_Z^)O_ $:U %ZBBB@ HHHH **** DI:* $/2N1UH-/K$B0WEO
MI[Q(N]Y9Y(VF'7@*RC';)R:ZX].,5A:CJ^C17AM+^)I)$P0K6K2  ]P0* '

MMXR./:NDL;F$:2MR)9)8@K-O:
JV
GC;@=.G3M69%=^';FY62QDM$NY64K/'

MFX$9/FF[

M1=ATFW

M
MU66*90@R1*%1AV( X H M8I:**8!5S!.H:B?\ ILH_\AK_ (U?JC9*1?:B
M2.#

M1Q)I[FWC@2%I2RPP9VQ

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:
4 5=04





<T$9H Q[634KT6TMUIEFJ%PY_?L6C([X,8YS[UL 8 'I1C%% T4
M44 5=3)&E7A'40.1_P!\FIXEV($] .U5=8S_ &)?X.#]GDY_X:N#B@ [TE
MQ1B@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DYI:* BBJT][%!((SN:4C(1
M!DT 6**I\GW9^Q2[?7(S^56(+F.?(4D




M


M)0 M%%% !1110 4444 %%%%  :S]$YTJ


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4


  P[@
M4\4M

M8: -6B@44 %%%% !1110 4444 %&*** #%%%% !BC%%% !4%ZVRQN#CI$Q_2
MIZJZCQIEV?\ IB_\J (- &/#VFC_ *=8_P#T$5HUGZ$

MT4N*04 &*6BB@ HHHH QO$:EK.T _P?ZW_]&+6P!@#VK(U[YH+(9QF]@Z_[
MXK7H **7%% !111B@!**,44 +VHI*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ [4444 %%%% #


01:9:H#

M3E?L993_ .1&H T:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** LOQ%QX:
MU3_KTE_]!-:E9?B,?\4WJG_7K)_Z: +MH

?[(J2@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH RM?4OI:J!G-Q 
9QG]ZE:@K
M+UXA;.W)[WEN/_(BUJ+T% T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%5;[4+33;9[B[G2*-%+L6]!U..IJ)]9T^.&9KN


MU9LABQMQZ1J/TJCXDX\


M[_RK17[HSUH =BBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

DGBJFDA?[)MO0Q*?S% %VBBB@ HHHH **** 

M8/5M0A'Y9/\ 2MH=








M&0#VR


Z?^@B@[1110 4444 %%%% !111

M 712TE% !1110 HHH%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9FI?\A+2%'0W#

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !0.1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110




M7=Q=&[


M%2 PC8@GMQ18+MT^V4XXB7I]!0!8HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHI* %JEJ8S;Q?\ 7S#_ .C%JZ*H:H?W4 SUN8O_ $
4 7\48HHH 
48HHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH SKN-GU?33M&$
C'CI\F/ZUHU2E_Y




MT*.HT44E4 M8OB9KO\ L2X^P2E+C@@(^UF4,-P4]B1D9[5MN8\;6UH^B27
M

M7O745QO@2!8OMQ73X;

MHH% BBBB@ HHHH C:)&=6**2IR1G!]JDH[44 %%%% %/45W6JC_IM%_PC
M%JWBJFI-LM4.,YGA&/\ MHM6QR!F@ I:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH J:B=NF79_NP.?_ !TU)9C%G /^F:_R%5]9)71-0([6


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% %*7_D

M5Z@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DHHI %%%%(#FO%=YIP@@M9M3C


M/]*OCI0 4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 !.**C=%:93D[@.!FI!TH



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111


9)JSHFLP:UX]MKFTTN\LE6TDCE\Z$(&
M.01T_'K3 [J_DC@T^XEFC\R*.)F=

MYGC:)G(V;P%8=CBNV\41:R;.&XT78\\#,SP2,5$JE



R*


M HHHH *2EI
4 %9NI@F^T@^ET?\ T4]:8K(U0XUG11ZW$F/^_34 :]%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !142;#
Y888!;'4=:EH **** BBB@ HHHH I2?\ (;MA
MV^SS?^A1U=JE)@ZU;'O]GE_]CJ[0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!24M%)@)111T-(K?75I86[7%Y)%#O5Y&@5'8W]A?*'LIX)1M#CRR#\I.

KU9EN





M'_3Y_PTGK5H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6BD%+0 4444 %%%)0 M%%% !1

4M%% !1110 4444 %

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


MK&\2\Z7&/6[MQ_Y%2MF@ I*6B@!**
44 +124M !1110 4F*6B@ HHHH ***

MGQ+(F!\MFA_-V_PK3H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BB@G
M%2!P/Q$:T74=%:YTZ?4@IES9Q)N



O96OFQP^=(7*

-F#;2/<=13;W1;#4)5ENK:.211M5\$
!G.
CG%


>N!G@
.%
M8


M+F(_DP/]*T10 4O:@44 %)2T4 )2T44 %)2TE ,ZQH7=@JJ,DDX %5;?5+



 /0R.%S^=/@GAN8A+!*DL9Z-




MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB@4 %%%% !
.]8
MN])U.U:&[G@3[)+Y4<2%O.G.%53CTSD?2K'@)9K:2[LY;BXG:.&!Y_..[R[A
ME)D4''IM-,#MJ6DHH HV#;KK4/:X_\ D-*OUF:3G[1JA(_Y?#_Z+2M.A &*

M.]TO_H+5H#H* BBB@ I:2EH **** DI:* DI:2@ %+24M !128I: LN0

/S9?\#0!HXHI!2T %%%)0 M% HH *
M2EI

M(_#+UHUG6O\ R'=0]DAR?7AJTJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH ***2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


8Q%;O8U5 #\R98D]ZQD^&6GJ8RNJZLGDN6B3A1&3U*C''UK


ME:UJ;V$



W_C\=;':LB3GQ5;'CBRE'_C\=:XZ4

475U'9VDMS
Q6*-2SD#) 'H!UH GHK
M.TW6;35))8X#



A




T#VVO*JV\
$37(6)(M-7G
M##)\S''RD'/UK=U[3KC4=-
=M=7
+J=VV%U0OR





2




M?9O(B*#:
X_B(K+\



M!124M !1110 4444 %%%% %+5-




M**** *5C_P ?NI?]? _]%I5ZJ-D

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%




M0!/14-M=0WDS02+)&W1E.0:FH *
C!HHH I1G_ (G-P/2WA_\ 0I*NU2A_

?T6


MD9=I52OH5XJ-8%@)





0_GAI65@8H'D'RL#@[!
MG!Z5%X6CMU:ZD@\S


O)&A95 SSCT[UCZ3J]W?:O*K


;5+').!TJS6-



LH<$#'S%&R<YXR

M-(:9]
A:=DF,;2FPX!(!*]LC'':K] 44M)TH I0_\ (9NSV\B$?K)5VJ-N
M&&LWF1QY
6#^+U?Q0 4444 ':BBB@ HHHH *2EH% &??:K;V#QQ2+/)+)DK'

MHL7

MHH 0L 

8][8XP!]['I4/A$V
ML\]S=V$$=I:
JJULC'(?GYB
#'''3F@#K:*** $HHHH *H639U+41QQ(@Z_[
M K0K


B*^Y9HU!4\9&2#US6U10!3TZ


QQ\_P#?57:HVP_XFMZ?


V7_D8[?C_EUD[?[25HBLUV!\31K_=L

FX^1*R;QW4[2.




M^NI:: *



YI
MHD!8@$9'!]J=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !110
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** HYO\ 4O\


MBEI@%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !28I:2@#)TIMVIZS\H&+E%X[_NDK7[5C:+S


M8(S?R?R4?TH V:*** BBB@ HHHH **** DHHH 
444M !1110 4E+33Q0!


MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M_*LU' ,0QC_ &1_*I* BBB@ HHI.] T4E% T444 %%)GG%+0 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4TCCTI:/PH R-#'^E:RWK?'](T%;%9.A8W:F0N/].DS[\+6M0 4
M444 )2TF*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHI!0!E6_/BJ^_V;


M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
L\Q_\ (K5I-]TUE^'_ /D$1_\ 72;_ -&-0!JT444 %%':
MB@!*6D[TM !1110 4444 %%%% =**6DH *9(=J-_NG^525'-_J']E/\J 
S
MPP


M_P#Z]I/_ $$T 71Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M* BF-(HD%@&() SSQUI] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %)GVI:0]*


MKXG_ /1SUK5D^'1_Q)D]YIC_ .16K5H 6BBB@ HHHH HRY_MNUX_Y=YN?^!1

M %&S)-YJ&1TN%'_D-*O51LO^/O4#C@WG_R%'5Z@ HHHH ***2@C?SR0WFG
M(GW99RC_ $V.?Y@5?K*U)Q_:6DICDW#'\HG_ 
:U!0 M%)10 M%%% !1110


MG=1A6XEMV6=1SC/'(KJ'NT34(;

ZR


M9_A^_NS$LHAA9S&_1@!R#7




MW(]N*[&5A_PEEFN3G[%


ME%+12 H:P95TJY
)N%D94VZ@R?\!!XS7^'+R]N_$MO(X\1 2.^[[7;HL6T





M!VH XO3[B\.I1

.


.V=L/;AFXE48_ _2J_AWPY_8OB:*.SMGCMK:S

M$$'W(^;GWJ?6]

M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M2'2LW2
DWWI]J?\ I6E0 4444 5[^!KJPG@68PM(A42!0Q7WP00?QKS#4M
T



6H2


MR+2/C''WGI :E%%%


4M !1110 4444 %%%)0 M)VHH

1$AO2
M !=S$D\8^8UJ!L]OI0 ZBDSFB@#+\2K;OX=O5NIY((6CPTL0RR\CDN0;_A(
M]+OKV\M]9TJ^
7EQ77VJ$Q

M?;BN#GL/%XL]7CNM)L[M=4*
\UI.

MIF@Z1I'C3RH[![281
]DR3%HY$P XVDG:P)_*NW'?I^% !6'XJ?3DTQ/[4TR


MAVVUBP'A&2Z@NYKI$GM=L@1XOXBRMP

N:Y/5$USPWJ







MSI:RC61I4L4F])G8!&.#\K#N#Z5@Z1XVT_5+JRCU#39?MP?RHKH6Y:)F/4HQ
MY . : .FMR3XJO
G_ESA_P#0Y*UZRH#_ 
5+=KMZ6L'S8_VI.*U: $%+24Q)




@?





D
O3MP17=+T[T +6+XAELI%L]
OK83IJ$IA7.
(P4L&_3MS6U7

.E2VL_F12S1APS;2
8[\$T 
MV4$J/B.921D?

M26! P1@7)R.O\0[5HZ%JEOJ_B[4+BV2=$2RAC99HFC(8/(3P?J*R_%%P/^$@
<J^5;VPRL
M(YS\W4DY'Y@#H:*2B@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MZQ%IJ6T[






MR3X@O.#Q;P\_C)6EBLRV&/$%Z26)





D(!&1Q5=-$\2QRVT%X
MMA=6PU$7LDT+
C@[LD;2
RD=<+<)C
9R

-'O+=Y%#1S[8Y

M
%V\C')XZXK@[30&T#7M.NYM+LKFQ16B:ZL8LG+%0K2*?3'4&@#OUP=:+8Z6
MX'7_ &C5^J*
3J[ C_E@O_H1J]0 4444 %%%% !1110 444E %;4_P#D%W?_




MKRPMVC9C=RF-67&%(4G)_*BSYU34#Z&
?^.@#0HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

&D!PMA'&WCAI



M0KO2?$5FX2?[3+;O+JTY)




Q. H SFN T^RO8_$T.I++




ML
MWEQ'-I%Q:P^=:_9+DS
MY12=R8'7DT 4?!<.I-JZFZN]


[Q(W3:1R/K0!RFCKI5SKUA!I][KTZ


:])KRN&ZTG0_%DT
METMQ(\
S3%K.4SI&H#J XV@J!O.!DX)KU-)%D4



MM;RGRX9D^65)L
?FQ]Y2!T/0@5:\6V5UJ&FI;0:7;7Z.QWI+/Y13 X*G!YS7
M

?3I0!V]G_R$+_C&'0=/]@5H]JI6
M@_TV^(&/WJCI_L+5T=* 

\*2BXT

OD_9@A?=S_?^7&



MV.O&\N]
<9'_UJ .^H/2@=!0WW3]* .
E$






:VP(!5QTR%)- '?QD





!..HS@UTUDN+W43



M %%%

J X(Y';G!
MKLM;GFM=)GFMG


!LA
M7G'L#WKC-&-DFK6J1);1W#


M%JGJS!='O689 @?(SCM5RL[7/^0!J'7_ (]WZ?[M

MC*?9921'



\'202:(6MHD2+S2%\MW96X'


M!'(RPW
GWI4!ZD]^XS[4 9/B*XMX[N\@:8$3QJLQ^R23&':.-I7@8SGV/-=6

MO!$=

T =\/QI'/R-]*6F2\0OV^4T 9?AM ?#&FAE'_'NG&/
M:KDJV45Y!)(D*W#DQPN5&_H20#CT!./:L.WL+V[\*:1]AU1[6*!'+
.'&P

MZ.#YLL



MW3X-0NX%DN85D2)W\BY@$L3H





M(;IO$%X(6U&.'ST!:T@B:-L*N=Q.2#ZUMZ 0VDQ'S!)DM\XM3;YY/\!Y'UKF



&IM(U--2NM0$
T



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I*6DH 6L[6-3CTNQ\UXI)G=
MA''#&N6D8]% _ _@#6A63X@TVZU&P3[!.D%[!*LT#N


M0']:8%ZBBB@ HHI*  4M)2]J C-&*8[;%)EL#. .:3 X674[U?$UQIT=S;
<P6\]SXD^TQ6NLPVDE



MXTUQ'ON)

^YXH [



U^UL=1N+;3
&++1X)M+UWCO6GUV:2%KF<R^2GRDKR?]

*(0S+B82KP<<
 

M.AATH2B3(!)+E
Y^G2NRNQ*;*18@K



R64CRFTL[2%B-S212;V?G!SP
M#P0:Z:F 4444 
E.$SS^'6O/O.IP7&NI! 6#*L@:/4'F6)



MT^M8_ACPQHUY##J4-D+22WO9&1;:5O+;8[!3M)(Y'I6UXL:T;38[6YTU=1DN



E@;11]I:T6)949A=LP

=T;1=


MM+H=FM=[^6I(+I\P^7!/4'IG%=C$ L2A3E0 !SGMZT /K

MW2IE

]K=Q
MQ#).


HFCMG3S

MQ2



M
U-VJIJ
RVVFW
[QF1(HF=D SN !XI

M\J1S^%=&WF%DV
 






MY#OC4


M5(SE3U/-4O#UOJKZEIUY?:Y#J-N]K(]MFW\J0JVS)..#U7\Z .ETX@SZB0
?
MZ3C_ 
AI5X@8/I6?I9!DU CO=M_ZHK0H P_$-I:Z@UE:W4;261U5=H('[M

%U+I:0229

MMBLZ1W%NEP
SN=H#A0/H
 C.#Z5TFL2VPM4M+@2



M-


MI+F34(M/N+:026]S*



^%H;*#6+9=0\/ZK





M18F_M%(XWO/

MOL\FD%8[3G[1

MOX/&H75W=7EQXB?488W:%8Q&J)]U6W8'U(KI-


MG)=);&1'4J!L8CI@@\=


([227PW'$TSL(KR]
D*94DE5/3/]:])'09KS_2/#?AW1M?TE$74H
M+J2(W$$


5 XPJ\8Z\T_QI865YIL4MW%/(T4BB)8;@PY9B!@MT Z=:
MB\'6MK8I=0W\B\+@S W1GW_ \$

BO&XVLK#((J2FL






M');W;[Q&!G:4..01S2 ZNBBBF!SOB#0M1U*Y6YT_4DM)/L[V[AX=X96()[\=

M_K5?QQ5'2?\ CWG.
 W



J&-MQ'7&#G]
UR7A2TCM
M-9Q''+%&UBCJCV*PYW;=PW#K@@?+V+5TFMRW

#D
\(:-<V%U-<7-@8/
^4:G?6-Y:;2-Z0F.7/;CI69X@GM[3Q=I%UJLC0Z?#Y


M#-0T^?25M+6:Q

1
0)?)FB5!C8&P&4MP&&?6NMMHWA@


UVE %/4P3;( 

H6.?7 -=_JA/V:
+D9GB!P



M4=L5)X8M)C!%?37-S(6C92D]OY+;B[

M
W<\:L4MKBZ+;
C!^4C/2N['2F
M56;G44]HF/ZK_A5FJI/_ !
U'_3(_P Z +5)12T ':BBB@#F/&L=Q-IB1 V'


_%=;30$-W$TUG-$H&YHV4!B0.1CG':N \/6'B'2;^?3K&PT&
M*W





VIZC#=ZC*T8F6%=JQ +\JXZ]#FN3U8ZHOB'4H


'TI''1I93_Y$:M(]*&!R
M.K6T^L7IM_[3@$;W'DQVUSIZR@.J;FP3[

M)_U@CXXS\Q^[QW[5RVC36S:Q%(8[.4R3OY=Q!J3

V!T[]CT
MKI*PM 

P+N$%^TY8G!!VG@# KKM4
0TJ[


U.36KFYBT

MM)@<CKFIZ?!XC:WOX-,D\NY219)9761?E7CI@GTY/O7=V\L4\30NKQ.-RL
MIR#WKD[]Q/=RDK<C2UNU65TDC \T



+Z7;S1WH+
F4G /
M&?F&.E=3I;K)I5E(D:QJT


MGI%J=VEW= G=





:O@_=R!GK

\77H9(M.@BOY;\8N%%BBL\

M4S6GVFPMKP
(I5G8LLS1XVQ^H[\UTM5;S3K+4 @O+2X'*^=&'V_3(XH P?

M)/L$MFS








M+5EUV/:C+ I+(S6$T;

#6=Q+&[*YFCA\Q8RK @
M


+G./QK6U_3+^_2$Z?-;


_I0!QGBN#2KO6]2:]BNHYM/T

MD/W3VXI:0GGV%)@


M )JY[QBQ&AL/*WQ[OG/V7[1LX)!8]0!GMFN@/2N \5R7$7B6X@EU-+J$

 D8ZXW9'09QF




@XYQMSQ[T =_P'F9K J^CKI3(VTP+M
MQVY!48-; JAI.K66LVINK;S8MQ0DHRD



M

MD8?E  &/G'MFMCP^'&AVF\W!?9\WVG


%WU34FO8-8UPD:)8F%JP

XB5O+CA16A;)'^L5R%/3UKJ**5@



 Q[4M':B
M@!K(C
K

57< A0D:[F8G@ N4\/P*OB:(RW!6W=DC+VZHK,$XW \D+CC R<GM767]


M** DI:*0'H:Y376?3O$4&JOHLNHP+;B+S(%WR6[!F)(4]B&'(YXKJZIZG=

MF+9W*I/IG/X5U@^Z*S-(US3=9BWVLP\T'YX)!MEC/H5/(K4I@%8]@Q;Q-K )

)'K3GIF$#\(_\ Z] &U1113 ***2@#+UO5I-(MXY([




@ HHH% !
M0*6B@ HQ110 444E T'I6#K7BB#1KJ.V-E?7<KIYA2TA






MTO\ N-_*H-&&-$L/^O:/_P!!%3WG_'G.?^F;?RJ+2AC2;
8QB!/_ $$4 7**
M** CI5+5+]].L9+E+66Y*8S'$0&QZ\D#BH+#4[R[NC'/I%S:QX)$LCQL#_W
MRQ/Z4 :E%(.@H% XHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **


 1N




AU*D






M444 %%%% !24M&* .)\83R?;X8=/M=6;4DA
@N-/Q\BENC!N&Y!XI? K2W3W



M$R/0XQ7HI^Z?I7E_B#2-)37[Z6\BTK499Y-_ERWYM[B/('R@]#TXZ4 =)X=:

MDA2?9HY)O.9$V]W &1G-=+:C;:PKZ*!^E $U)FD8D#BNFU#6/MQMH-3!O=



O-
#Q3





KM/4=


MH\LSS7
-IXIYX3?.O[V$,Z-YHQ@JPP,XZCF@#7T32[O2ONIV

9C\
UZFPX


@\ G!'\NM '07VFV^I6J6\YF\K@D1S
M

19FN'DPHY &XG%:H%+0 #I1110 F**6B@!*
M7M24O:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BC%&*0!WHI
M:*+ )1BBEI@%%)@Y'/%+0 4444 %%%% !28S2TE T4E% T4=J* $(!ZTM%


MM9JVX01K&#ZX&*L



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M* $HI .#2GM0 O:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***.] !1110 4E+2=J
M%%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:* #%%%'I0 E+110 4444 %%%% =Z
M**
4 ***** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *.E%% !11VHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $844N** BBB@ HHHH *:QYQ@TZD89!H

]/IS5JSO;6_M5N+2YBG@;I)&X93^(KE]

MV]H3L0*N
_4]:0&QJ.O:7I+HFH7]O:LXRBROM)JQ9ZC9ZC%YMG=0W$?]Z)PP



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


@B/D%%\R(Y5]R!C^()(/TK.\823W46G0)



MBB@!110** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B




MSH'#;0PZ9Z?C6IIN@6VC7TD]C;QV\$J*KVL0PH8$G?CIG!Q^%


M 2E%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

DZ[HSD9QG%28S28%

#P

9Z]*3 T](E6:W
MG=5VC[5






M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HQ110
MF**6DH *6DH% T444 %&*** #%%%% !1110 444E %#6R%T*_)S@6[]/]VK





M_P.BK], HHHQ3 **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

\-Q




MTTYNH$ACVJ\J26V$L!N[9.W/'8BM29ML$C8!PI.


M@I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D Q2T4 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1244 %%%&* BC%&*&!Q.HKX
O/$
AU&73Q=QH8)H;E 
G(P?FQS@$

\7ER))&&#

*?

MU% X'2BB@#A==5;;QC#/?P1/:W#PQP1E0/

M30I(8VWH74':WJ/2INE !WI::'5L[2#CK@TM TE%&* *.I9/V4  DW8R/J








MFWN(8)XD9\D6\C)!#+R"


G'6G4  I:2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

MKIMT1U$+D?\ ?)H DM
?8X
=/+7^534R(8A3/7:*?0 4E+24 %%+10 =J***
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:3% $!@0PR,$&L9;K





AT2RO+:[


^,=JW3TKE+SQS96&I36=Y8ZE8B 9
STJZN$(5H
MHBVXC(7'4_AU_@R;B'SA98_
/\&X9Q]*E  & 
N6U#P]I:Z3-J-ICW\

M*
D*
@DL?8#D_A0!=J
29D9

M (][J&7_ *YN&_E0!9H%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110



M:

JA^G.#D Y_ U9K TO1KC3-8E=)]
M]AY CC1VRRD


E=&\26L?

 6=U%;:PJ9N[B_5

'$@4*




:YUN62:)7M)[(

$


'&#ZYI6 ZBD!YI:8!1110

@X^;!'\C5NL+6)8[;7]'GFN/)BS
M*FPNQ7@')]C0!HFPMB]NQA53 YDC Z!CG)Q^)JW7.6B7$MU'K$%W/*D\I5
M[;=F
1[BH('8C&3]371T %
EE2%YI6QQJ69O0 9-/J&[M_M5G-!O
?F(5W


M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#[=:PK;59X[B1+PQLJ3M$[1K@P_-


K*883%A8=A<$J<L<DY^
N*XW2K6VOH[2S5I?[/6<RA)E


M4[/:;F]96R#

*M%71+*.YUBU6<1JK6?#DCC)SSSC-=+&UO=Q)-&8IHVY5UPP/T-8WAZ&




Q-HEU+

Y0?

36=CYENB-
M
TB1()
A=S


M9ZG%IUXR3-.C/#
B;







M **** BBB@ I*6B@!!2TE% UF:ZY33

MI(I_I0!HEI .*6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH *2EHH 2BBB@ %+2EH **** BBB@!*6BB@ HHHH ****
MH;F3RK:60\;5+9^@S4M9^O-L\/Z@WI;O_Z: )].!&FVH(QB%./3Y15JHK=





MJ=L=;_TA(]-N;*U.=MS!O:3Y0QVMQMZXZ'I72VS(]K$T:!$9054#&!VK.723


:PPI$GW44*OT% #Z2BB@ I:2@4 +111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %':BB
M@!**** LS76Q;VG_7[!_PC!6G65KD;2C3D!P/MT3'CL#N_I0!K#I10.E%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M4UW6-[L%4#)). * '4F*A-RHECC.WF D.JDJ

MU$




M[CS!$^


M!24M% !VHHHH **2B@!:*** BBB@ HHK)U*2^G22WTF:**]CVMFXB)C(YXS
M_A0!KBF101+YI4R8&[;TSWQ3Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 04M(*6@ JC?[?M.G@


MHH 2BBB@!&8(A9B H&23VI/

MOSCMCK^% '4@YZ4M(OW1ZFEH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBD[T %+VI*7M0 5GWJ[M2TXX
M'R.[?^.$?UJ_5&Z.-3L1[2'_ ,=% %^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *0GV-+10 #I1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4A7(Q2T4 (!@8K+UB^O[!8I;2P^
MV1;CYX60*Z+Z@'@_G6K7%^*X?$DUP5M8$N=-*X

M&]34X[F_A218)I!Y7F+@E54+G!]P:UQ4-I&D5M%''$(D5 !&/X/:IJ %HHHH




M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

NI3
A:U
M%K=M++&FQHGV. P9<^Q'45JB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2BEHH !1110 4
BPPO'M*E






MB8PCN89/YI5FJ[_\?T)_Z9/_ #2@Q10.E% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!7O+TU&'R;RWCGBSG9(NX9^E00
MZ)I5L

Y8CC- &DJ*B
MA54* 

MHY.!Z^E



M!EV^;)/!&HV Y ' R2.GH*N:S!(D?\ :-HN;RVC8(I( =2064D],XZ]LN;
PX[YZ<XH [D=!QBEH P *1F6-2SL%51D



4 %+24HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



ML/2JFK:?+?+:M;RB*6WN$E#


MY=/D22T*#RG3H1TXJV






2!S_P !-2@D
M]J '444E T4=J* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
MY76K)KV_F^T^%H[V%0 EPDZ+(W'/!P?UKJCTXKE[RZBUJ6ZM5GN(OL2.TJP2


N2?



MQP
&^TR&P8 01O&=I7(*H0<8_EM=!TVRN?M%K:^4
M^
?*QQ^6:TZ* 








MU'-&T(5@3N#@X!_/\


NFV5Y?,:-
M+5?NY^Z<<'CC)&:Z&\C66TFC9]BO&REO3BN037]0O-4O8+?1+IUG1QREU0!
M

GTKJKN%+BSFAD4
DB%64C(((QT[UR6F7=GI

T:VS;=V!D?/@8&/IZ4@.KLQ


MQ
7B1RA0L 2IZCVI]


M 

MA3VC7_A*(Y







1]




DSOMC/4

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


MD=74$

9
M  )P
E



2;
MK^,P A?;/- %JL?Q%:QZCI[V/\ :'V2213CE?F[8*MU%;%9VIZ)INKHBW]G

;9]1Z4 2U3LUQ=


M'6MG_/%48M4M&BB
L\





/U;YC^I-3W5M%=VTD$J*Z2*5(90PY]CP:



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!'
&

24=_E'0+C)_4#ZD4 7:6







M [(44B].A_&EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** D[TM(: #M6)KND7.HR6]U972

YF5%N526)VQD
MIYV^X]: -+PNT@\/VT
EI]F

MGBGZ5:O::9##+M\W&Z0H

\=G=2 !@Q5'91ZYK2%5+72M.L9&DM+UMW889H850D?4K8H 6BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M_I0!?HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 3O7-^*&-8NRVCL&8K%=



MCI0!:I
4M% !1110 4BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH ****  \#-)GZTIZ&LF]MYKW5(8/M$T
-?-F $BKM!91
MUY[#U-=I##Y,1AW?:NW<[98_4URUYH=]/=W*?9+*43N<7DS[I$0G(KCC;V
M(]* .L7 X Q3J:G0<YXIU 8XJA!H]I;7C7
2
A9R^P




@GMHY0 Z!N1ZC-4](D$\=U,%*[KJ08/^
MR=O_ ++0!HBBBB@ HHHH *2EHH **2@4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 -=P@!()R0.!3J
T4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


;D0 _GB@U$I6-5))( !)[FGT44 5-12ZDL9%LS$)F&!YP)
M7WSCGIFLC3;/5A'!8WZZ9):P*J,8B^\;0-N 1@= :UM0-^LG3DMWE#C*SL5




M4 :U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 (W3KBN3OM
\+:J;Z0V]B;_8V\
MR*!(& P&*G!(Z5NZKK%EH]N)KR1T0Y *QLW\A7.RZE#XE






MA0I/J-O/O0!K#I1110 4444 %)2TTCB@#F;[4G\/Z@D




48HHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 2B@4

RSR)+)$9T&!+M;&[';.*WJH /2LSP\V[1HV_O22G_P B




M HHHH **2EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DHH% !12TE &'XETV^U*VMDLG@

MMK=+
6WE!P)B0\YYRJ'ID8'YU9\/AI$OKJ1'0SWDAN#GG8
@]#\O;TH VJ






9%BCE4DC:HW8

.E%(.*6@ HHHH 2BB

DCSA=@C!(SEC][CL






UKMPI-4-$ &B6) P#
MC8^HS2Z@:%%%%



M*.W(0KPP(Y;YL\@D5NZE81ZE9/;2221AB'C(#*0001D8Z@4VRTNVL;:%%+




SEF9@XR0JJ!BO11TK&AT.2P

M444 %%%% !24M% 44N** BBB@#&\30V$^CRKJ


N0KCH2.XK-TQ=4FU


T 
!G#C



M8L25'L#D?A6UP!V%9N@V]A9Z+;0:;

MRA8F27Y?++F:4*/+B!'0DG/X4P.C8C::I:+_ 


M.^






X8X X]ZP_#-[;7NJ.^E



A^\B^8NYOP&217/Q


JX.





X'O^0!UHZ44 \#.:6@ I*6B@!*6BB@!.
M

MXH LB@44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% &BEHH ****3 2BBEH JWVGVFIVCVM[ D\#XW1N

?*I(



MENH%E61@0 JAN



_2

.V#GGT[5O\ C2STPBSN)]$BU/49
M9E@MXF^4MP3R1_!D\CTJAX8%GI_B-+&]\,6^DZC+$TEO+0X=!]X ]C2 ]







MNQ5-55H9=@F1K1 2J'Y0I&





]Y(UG=S#RPLI8!PN0C)P 2

1XBI'_ 'T?




M6'BFVT.WU 0733W\\;+OQ)$H\S;T((.%7K0
Z+0I$/A6:!;6V:V\V2.#'E
M[ESDK[&NA@4+!&H' 4#]*S8M



_E^%

M+110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 4=1U.WTU 969I&_P!7


J!R

 HHH/2@#*UK7K/0H(I+H3.T

TWQS1[24;H1ZUD^*)8Y;ZP%AJEO:ZQ&
M[BW
@W)RN'5_3@#!]:H^%;&ZM==1-7U&TN;V&SV6T5JOR)#D9)..3FD@.]'2
MBD'2EI@%%%% !1110 F*4444 %%)WI: DI:2@!1124M !24M)0 O:BDI: 
MBBB@ I




MKN;&_MM0B
MK(70'!)0K^A JJD20ZWNB(_TF)FD4'NI 4@=N0?P]*T@,''&
M?Z4 .HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH


M;&Y\/:NNFOKNEW



MTC

M@!**6DH **6B@ I*6DH *6BB@ I*6B@!**6B@ [4444 %%%% !1110 4444

XXSUJ4=!0 4444 &**
M*CCF25Y44G


!5& *1)$D&48
 2I(/0@X(
M_.GT ***!10 4444 %%1J5

 .:DH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

MFL1H;VZPMN7





US'B_4=
U










MT00%RB]@JYP/RQ7(ZA93:QH



M EI** %HHHH **** N-O?#%ZU_/*UQ!/8R2RW#02LZ?
5PH)!Z CMZDXKL



M(HTMW\KY
B)@R%6'(YSS6EI1OOL2C44A6Y4E6




YP 



MM=3

3[9=%
MU$#NR*CC]&K9I


MX9T4KC^RK


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DHHI
 HH
MHI 8/BJQU:^TN2/2=0BM'*


''2@!U%%%
 HQ110 E%&*44 )2BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ I,4M% 448I: BBB@ HHHH 2BCO0* D**21D@Y'M3J* ((+*V
MMIYYX8526=@TK#JYQCFIZ** BBB@ HHHH *3O2TE !12T4 )2XHHH ****

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M*WN/#'ARW2_22Y.J1^8JR?/M\U^O?&

M5*'P=X=M[M+J+2+5)D8
K*N
$=#BF!N#K2T@ '08I:$!FZHN^2Q'_3TA_(
:


M;_4+32[1KJ]F6&!

'J.G2H_$+M'


M2N:UYD&H7BVIN3

M$QM_=&.


MZWYMD+B*%0)?)DM'2



M/S(9$D3^\C!A^8J2@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M(K*T?5I=;N[9YF@4-&\JQVMP^Z
AE&)!QGKW ^E)@)K=C+JFHS1&QMI5MXA)

MO8I-':JCRJ9
2LI&247&#CW(JSI-U'=VMQ?Q2220O(Q0ARX*CH5!Z9]* 
 R
MLNC-]LT^&2UF5RT4=JP-M-C@



M4E5\Q^3U- &5HQN;743:SP6T

M'=2B***:9&*D

(C].#USU_G46IZ[+


#D+ZZVZU?(GV*#


MVBGCVO)MDC#JH4?

LH\O/WCA1\Q('7\*L^*

M?I\96)OD4]/7G!^E=+7/^$L-ILDBZA]M#R'DVX@\L@ %=G8^OUKH*: ***04
MP%HHHH **!10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44AJ&XN([9-\AP/UH F

_2K (/2@M*=0MR





MPMK.W2.)()V6-
*



8;[1]J:+=VVG:.HSWK8TV#[-91Q

6&/3' .1UR<U5U[4[:XO&L$U
[<XJ?'2BD!&T$3KM:)/0K47DFW(
)(C'5.WUJ
MS1C(I@5W'_$Q@/I')_-:LU78$7\/IY;_ 
UJQ0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M


4@ Q1BEHH 3%**** B


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 





?1C70
M:-&]KX=M8T!D=(L 




M%O;6ZQ^2K/+ A51)D@IR3V /MFJOBRZL+[48-.:[LH)$4NT\EUY17:RG9\O)

TNG17\]O&!&YA$(4-D;MH




$^6R' Z8Z4@.?T=M/GU6#;<Z.)A.S_9E+&56&1SE

MG PQ.W'H#CFMNL#1+'3DFDGMM0GU&9/D


M@ HI!G'-+0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


MEFC2




M!


M57TG0H%N7D@@57**S@L!CC R1GVKG]7CU/6+T1Z_?0QBV\]85\E57DC:I9


MVLEJ8OL?RGD


MB
7[T29(.

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

#YDM(2?Q:2M6L:U.?%VHKCA;.W&?

MZ]JF%5-1OX].L9;J1'=4P B#+

\D
MB\_)MVC/\(QV@]N.FUTXLVM(YT2;:)RAE




]



M#M0!K:9?6^H6QGMDD5-VTB2(QG.!V('MS5VLS0[^ZUSDDO;3[).DA1H-VXK
MP
GW!!_&M.F 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !








M(F=D
!0$#8=Q.\8/':EL!;\.KI:Z7C2'+VPD8%F9BQ;ODMSGZUK5C^'F9[2X

S(S%L*/X/EQC&
5L=JH HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 
4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !102 
DX%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 95BO_$^U1O:$?^.G_&M6LZR
M_M;43CYMT8)_X *T: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!.]%+24 %+244 +BBDI:

+SC


MUH4P%HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** #O1110 4444 %%%% !1110 C*&7!I:** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH H61']H:CQ_P M5'_D-:OUG6'-_J9])U'_ )#2M&@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DQ2T4  I*6FL0H))X')H X#7E



_0KE[J^1BEO%'' 401%SYHW 9.Y1TQCO]ZIO%&6MHP(E





M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !28YI:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** ,_3Q_IFIG _X^1_Z
M*2MJ&GKBYU ^MSG_P AI5^@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH





M:P(  KIZ0!1113 *2EHH 04M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1124 4-+R?M9)S_I4@_(XK0JAI8PER?[UU*?_'C5^@ HHHH


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 )0#TI:  .@H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 



M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH 2BB@4 +1110 4UB0IQUQ3JBF.V-F'4 G]* *NB_\@6RS_SP3_T$5?JA


M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

 88EL@@^U=KHD

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M4E% !WH%% H 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4E+W


PRY!/UP!_(4 /HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

MQ28'CM[IOAJV$JK=:]9P374T;);R90HAPS%?[@)(SUXKU^W5$MHEC8L@0!6)
MR2


M!0!)6;KHSI3CUDB_]&+6E69KW&EGWGA'YR+3 TZ2C%% !0**!0 M%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )1BEHH !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 E+124@%I#THJGJM^NFZ=+=M&


2&
9?&5RQQ^?-=ZHPH &..E #JRO$

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@!#12T4 %%%%(!*S]:T]]3TN6VBF
$Q(
M:*8#/ENI!5OP(K0-(V0OR]: ./NK'Q=J-I%IUT-


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH





MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBDH 6DI:2@ HQ11WH *44E1QI(LTI9P8R1L&.1QS0!+1
M24M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

M@ HI:3M0 M&*** $HH[4M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

4444 (:*7%% '__9
end







begin 644 ex10-20_012.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1 !$ 
L# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



MF)H\?ANW@LVOM:UMHO*LHV^XK8WN[?PJNZNBUCQ?H_AORO[7U6TL/-;:GVB5



U*TLKO3[/

'VG5!_:]W:^'+)%^VQ;T=LO\ O=K?Q5:^#_ANQ\-_%/XB6^GK



M^!U?USQEH7C/XM^#+S28FN'L[KRGO?+V_?7[E '2^#?BA)HOPBT+7?$K2W.H

M:O-KRQO+;P7X#UE)Y;?3=-DG6[NHD5FM]\OR2[6K3\
:W%XF\4O=1ZU?^(+?
M2=/NFGN[B!(D^=?N+M_S\M %Z+]J#1+C3GU-?#WB+^QUW^;J/V-6BB9?^!UZ


M$?W69&^:NHIC^C-0!@:7X)T31-'N]+TW3H+*QNMWFVZ)MW;EVU=_X1VRW64A

MNKH=$\7ZQX?;XS:A S7M]:ZLEOIEO
VY5=]J(O\ N[W6@#W2ZT:QOIS++;1R
MR^0UKO/WO*;[RU1N/!NBWFFV]G+IML]E;_ZJ';\L7^[7E&G_ +/$^M:&UQXG

VL^%[R6'[=IEX]



[=G
M_P!,T;?L^T?\!^_N_P!B@#Z/U'0]-UHJ;ZQM[Y5^[YT:O5'PIH=G EK!I-C
M#;+)YZPPVL2HK_W]NW_:^]7GGP\\1/\ %#XJ:UXHLVDD\
:3;#3=
EW?N;J5
MSNFE3_QU:S_VHFL4M/!

MMOM'VI1#NV_ZW;_#_O5\V7D/AQ_&&CM\-&N?LDL5XNM+8K*MEY'V=]K.S?)]


M'X.^


M .1=TGPI:ZDVG[FV7DK[$^=/XE3_ -GH ]TT7Q5X?\2++#IFKV&J[?OK:2I+



M**7[+$CO_P!])MKK;/0]8U+X4W&C7UA8V.JOILMI]FB?=;L^S:C?[M=Q\J-]










M8_WJLM\8/&OB#6=(T[PYHFFSN^F6][J+W
K?NF9W5D1=R?W: /=Z*AMYGFBC
M++L?^):L;: *NI




M=*^R6V_YI=^-M;/Q&^#WA[XH36


EG;






MT34HVT&35;40ZI]J\1P65XNJ7S10-;Q6ZND3-]U5\W[V^HYM573;-[[4+G3]



M$N8;N*?2K69;Z-(K@2P(_FHOW$?^\JT ?+UKJO@34/VA7M=/NK&7PQ!*MU(M
MM_Q[JT5K*S?=_N

M=[_^@UZ3IO@/P[HK?Z#H6GVK


W



end







begin 644 ex10-20_013.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1 !. .\# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#].M:ULZ;L

M1=WR(K;49:Y3Q9=W/B!=/

U4

MEK9G?9O\JH7FMOVDPLELR6546%6_C:ES ;VT4;16*WB V=G?W-]:RVD5JV
MW^]O]UJ:'5S-\CVLT15/-5/XF6BX&EN&[;BG8%8VAZM'K4,EZL4UM'NV;;A
M-C5HB^5EW;6V?WJ+@6:*A^T+OVTRWO%N?F7[E,S2;J9*WEQLU-2;S(D;[FZ

W@665MR[?FQ\E=SJ5Y%IMG+<R_<B7?7&)\3=


M*UU*\6.TW7*?=:5%^1?^!5M


MIXTL+'8W^@JUPTO\&ZJ?AW7;'4M8U6[1VF:2=(E^1OEVUW2PK']U:CCMXH59


^)=6M)M+

M=+=:=;7C(\T*R
G
MW6;^&JDOAS39[\WS643W7_/7NU'*!R_AO4KKQ'X;?3]3E^QZUL995'S;5W_*







MY





MPQ?:5^V-NVOY'?;5@;BWL4VX1R1S
J[MJM\U32.L*[G;9_P*N+?0XHO'%O=:

47S1V7F*/-^;^]770_/&C
MNQO[M*B_]\_[M2T1B 44^F58#Z*** &41T^B@ IDE/HH S=5OFTVU\];9KEM

M*\%O_M;_ )GJOX+U^S_MOQ(6FF^U7-]+Y28_A2O3Z9M5?X:CE \;M[ZYU/X;


M8H)U9%7E?*_@:H=/\/\ V.Z^TW

B_)_N?W:.4#-O[N/P/X5LK&V
M;SKK:MI:I_?DK5\/Z.FDPR-(-][/^]N9?[S4W5O#W]IZMIMYYFS[&V]1MK87

(44R2GT ?_]D!
end









     



Exhibit
10.21

SECOND
AMENDMENT TO LEASE

WHEREAS
One Clark Street North Andover
 LLC
 a Massachusetts limited liability company (&ldquo;Landlord&rdquo;) and Comfort Foods
 Inc.
a Massachusetts corporation (&ldquo;Tenant&rdquo;) are parties to that certain lease dated December 6
 2000
 as amended by that
certain First Amendment to Lease dated April 30
 2010 (hereinafter called the &ldquo;Lease&rdquo;)
 which Lease relates to 49
018
square feet of space in the building at 25 Commerce Way
 Unit 5
 North Andover
 Massachusetts (the &ldquo;Premises&rdquo;);

WHEREAS
Coffee Holding Company
 Inc.
 a publicly traded company
 has acquired all of the lessee&rsquo;s interest in the Lease from Comfort
Foods
 Inc. and is now the Tenant;

WHEREAS
25 COMM NAM
 LLC
 a Massachusetts limited liability company
 has succeeded to the interest of One Clark Street North Andover
LLC as Landlord;

WHEREAS
the amended term of the Lease is scheduled to expire on May 31
 2018 and Landlord and Tenant have agreed to: extend the term of
the Lease so that it will expire on May 31
 2028
 reduce the size of the Premises
 modify the rent
 and make certain other changes
to the Lease as set forth herein and the parties therefore desire to enter into this Second Amendment to confirm the foregoing;

NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements contained in the Lease and contained herein
 Landlord and Tenant
hereby agree to amend the Lease as follows:



    
    
Section
    1 of the Lease is hereby amended and restated as follows:


&ldquo;Section
1 - Premises
018 square feet to 30
879 square feet and designated as Unit 5-B as shown
on the attached plan 

Except
for the definition of &ldquo;Commencement Date
&rdquo; paragraphs (a) (b) and (c) of Section 1 of the Lease shall be deleted in
their entirety and replaced by the following:

&ldquo;Landlord
shall
 at Landlord&rsquo;s cost and expense
 construct approximately 400 square feet of air conditioned office space in the Premises
as shown on Exhibit A. The Landlord&rsquo;s work shall be in accordance with the specifications on the attached Exhibit B (the
&ldquo;Landlord&rsquo;s Work&rdquo;). Landlord shall use reasonable efforts to substantially complete Landlord&rsquo;s Work in
a good and workmanlike manner. Landlord shall not be responsible for any further work or improvements with respect to the Premises.

Tenant
shall have up to 45 days after notice by Landlord of completion of Landlord&rsquo;s Work to vacate the space designated as Suite
5 on Exhibit A; however if Landlord has a prospective tenant for Suite 5
 Tenant shall use best efforts to vacate that space as
quickly as possible after Landlord gives notice of such prospective tenant interest.&rdquo;


    
    




    
    
Numbered
    paragraph 1 of the First Amendment to Lease is hereby amended and restated as follows :


&ldquo;Section
2 - Term. The current term of the Lease is hereby extended for ten (10) additional years and instead of expiring on May 31
 2018
shall now expire on May 31
 2028 (the &ldquo;Extension Term&rdquo;).&rdquo;



    
    
Numbered
    paragraph 2 of the First Amendment to Lease is hereby deleted and restated as follows:


&ldquo;Section
3 - Rent. Commencing on April 1
 2017
 and continuing through the expiration of the Extension Term
 Tenant shall pay to Landlord
rent for the Premises in the amount of $168
288 per year ($14
024.00 per month)
 in advance without set off or offset
 on or before
the first day of each month. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 commencing on April 1
 2022
 and on each April 1 thereafter
 the rent
for each succeeding lease year during the Extension Term shall be increased (but in no event decreased)
 if applicable
 to an
amount obtained by multiplying $168
288 by a fraction
 the numerator of which shall be the Consumer Price Index (&ldquo;CPI&rdquo;)
for the immediately preceding March and. the denominator of which shall be the CPI for April 1
 2017
 as measured by the US Department
of Labor Bureau of Labor Statistics &ldquo;CONSUMER PRICE INDEX FOR ALL URBAN CONSUMERS (CPI-U) for Boston-Brockton-Nashua
 MA-NH-ME-CT
for ALL ITEMS&rdquo;. In the event that the said Consumer Price Index is discontinued
 comparable statistics on the purchasing
power of the consumer dollar as published at time of said discontinuation by a responsible financial periodical of&middot; recognized
authority
 selected by Landlord
 shall be used in making the above computation.&rdquo;



    
    
The
    last sentence of Section 4 of the Lease is hereby deleted and restated as follows:


&ldquo;The
Tenant&rsquo;s Proportionate Share shall be eighteen and three-tenths percent (18.3%)
 based on 30
879 square feet divided by
168
735 square feet of total building area.&rdquo;



    
    
Section
    6- Security Deposit should be deleted. Landlord will refund existing security deposit to tenant within 7 days of execution
    of the Second Amendment to Lease.

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    41 of the Lease is hereby amended as follows: the reference therein to &ldquo;original term&rdquo; shall be deleted therefrom
    and in its place and stead shall be added &ldquo;Extension Term&rdquo;; and the reference therein to &ldquo;extended term&rdquo;
    shall be deleted therefrom and in its place and stead shall be added &ldquo;five-year extension term&rdquo;.

    
    
    

    
    
Paragraph
    4 of the First Amendment to Lease is hereby deleted in its entirety and restated as follows:


&ldquo;Tenant
acknowledges that it is presently in possession of the Premises
 that the Landlord&rsquo;s work described in numbered paragraph
4 the First Amendment to Lease was completed and accepted by Tenant and that the Premises are leased in &ldquo;AS IS
 WHERE IS&rdquo;
condition
 without any warranty or representation whatsoever
 except for Landlord&rsquo;s Work as described in Section 1 herein.&rdquo;


    
    




    
    
Numbered
    paragraphs 5 and 6 of the First Amendment to Lease are hereby deleted in their entirety.

    
    
    

    
    
Landlord
    acknowledges that CBRE/NE is the sole broker representing Tenant in this transaction and Landlord shall pay CBRE/NE an agreed
    upon fee for this transaction in the amount of $40
000. The parties represent and warrant to each other that they had no contact
    with any other real estate broker
 salesman or finder in connection with the transaction resulting in this Second Amendment.
    Except as provided above
 Tenant agrees to indemnify Landlord and hold Landlord harmless from and against any loss
 liability
    damage
 cost or expense (including
 without limitation
 reasonable attorney&rsquo;s fees) paid or incurred by Landlord by
    reason of any claim to broker&rsquo;s
 finder&rsquo;s or other fee in connection with&middot; this transaction by any party
    claiming by
 through or under Tenant.

    
    
    

    
    
Section
    30 of the Lease shall be amended to delete the section in its entirety and to add in its place and stead the following:


&ldquo;Section
30 - Notices
 request or demand required or permitted by this lease shall
 until either party shall notify
the other in writing of a different address
 be properly given if sent by certified first class mail
 postage prepaid
 return
receipt requested
 or by prepaid overnight delivery service
 and shall be deemed given on the day that such writing is received
by the party to whom it is sent
 and addressed (if notice is given by mail or overnight delivery service) as follows:

If
to Landlord:

25
Comm NAM
 LLC
c/o
Pinnacle Properties Management
 LLC
4
Preston Ct
Bedford
MA 01730
Attn:
Frederick D. Keefe

With
a copy to:
Endeavor
Law Firm
 LLC
10955
Lowell Ave
 Suite 600
Overland
Park
 KS 66210
Attn:
Frank Brady

If
to Tenant:

Coffee
Holding Company
 Inc.
25
Commerce Way
North
Andover
 MA 01845
Attn:
Manager



    
    


With
a copy to:
Coffee
Holding Company
 Inc.
3475
Victory Blvd
Staten
Island
 NY



    
    
Attn:
    David Gordon
 Vice President
 Operations &ldquo;Section 33 subsection (b) of the Lease is hereby amended as follows: the phrase
    &ldquo;Brian L. Gagne
 the Manager of Aries Property company
 LLC&rdquo; is replaced by &ldquo;Frederick Keefe
 Manager of
    Pinnacle Properties Management
 LLC
 Manager of 25 Comm NAM
 LLC&rdquo;;

    
    
    

    
    
The
    &ldquo;Guaranty of Lease&rdquo; from Michael J. Sullivan is deleted in its entirety


    
    
    

    
    
Capitalized
    terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Lease.

    
    
    

    
    
Time
    is of the essence with respect to this Second Amendment.

    
    
    

    
    
Except
    as specifically modified hereby
 the Lease and its terms shall remain in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and
    confirmed.




    
    


IN
WITNESS WHEREOF
 the parties hereto have caused this Second Amendment to be executed and delivered as of this day of March
 2017.



    
    
    

    
    
    

25
    COMM NAM
 LLC
 a Massachusetts limited liability company
    
COFFEE
    HOLDING COMPANY
 INC.

    
    
    

By:
    Pinnacle properties Management
 LLC
 its Manager
    
    
/s/
    Andrew Gordon

    
/s/
    Frederick D. Keefe
    
    
Andrew
    Gordon

    
Frederick
    D. Keefe
 Manager
    
    
    



    
    




    
    











begin 644 ex10-21_001.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** HY!*67RRH&?FR.WM4E% EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH :JD9Y)YSS3J** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH







&D4/9($ZG_BH)P3_P0Z /0Z*\\?3?&!4@6$9)P=P\03@?^
MB_I^5-72?&2%O]$@93T!U^YW#ZG9S]: /1:*\V31_&T; _9[=QR/[=NNF!T

M1FO






_P!: /0



SV_+?VP/OH=A_P#&?I3_ /A5&G_\_L0]?^)-I_\ \8H
M] W+G&X9^M(9$&
NO/3FN#'PITS)S=H1CH-(T_\ ^1Z5?A9INX[KQ=O8+I&G
MC'_DO0!W/GQ?\]4_[Z%!N(!G





MZS*/ZTIU33U^]?VH[\S+_C6$/ ]H#D7]T#@#(@M@?_15-7P)9HP(U[R/2*W
M'\HJ -W^V-,QG^T;3'KYZ_XTTZUI8_YB5G_W_7_&LA/!5HG/V^[)]2D/_P ;
MIP\&V@))OKLY_P!B$?\ M.@#7&KZ:3C^T;3_ +_+_C2C5M-/(UU(_Z[+_C6
M

MTH?\Q.RQ_P!=U_QK+_X0ZSX'VR\P/3R^?_'*7_A#[7C_ $^^X&/O1_\ Q% &

MC(S=)R/SJH?5N00=1U#G_IJO_Q-//A6 J%.I:EM'87'_P!;W/YT 6&\3ZG


MU/ _Z?'_ 
:;_P (W!NW#4-4!Z?\?TF
&UC9O[?TLX!./MD?/'UJ3_A&[/:




M
B88_/\ &I[;7])O+I+:WU&VEGD!*1I(6 &3CUJF?6G?\ /SK'_@YN_P#X

M@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

%W;BP9LH=P

9;0$0L)W&
@ YP





MZ_:V):(GT\L?
.HY'3W- 'J!Z5YWI_S_ !
N#@ +J$W;TM(AG/\ P(UZ)VK@
._MI?LR1982KM!873XR2



M&KVOB26Q(M+^UW;@72*V*.R?Q!6:0@''3I]1U !=U37K33'\EA)/=&)IA;0+


6L9XO;+'O9O_P#'


50U*.^74=%-U=6\B_;N!';LASY
G



MNPU.R\27S7Z6OF2VENT\J



MJO\ C0;/4\?\A8YSVMEQ0!IT5F+9ZF#\VK




MZYQ#_P!EH T:*S?L5]CG5KC/M%'_ /$TXV5V!_R%;O\ [XB_^(H T**S_L-W
MG/\ :MW_ -\1?_$4OV*[Q_R%;O\ [XB_^(H OT5G&QN\\:M=_P#?$7_Q%*+&
/DA_^(H T*3(JC]ANO\ H+7@_P 0_\ Q%-.GW.<_P!K7GTVP_\
MQN@#0R/6C(K/73[H#!U:]/U6'_XW2_8+GG_B:WO/^Q#Q_P0Z +^0:-P]:H_

MXQSJUY_WS#_\;H.GS_\ 05O/^^8O_B* +V12YJA]@N
_\A6\_P^8O\ XB@6
M%SDYU6\(_P!V'_XW0 _4[R2QLC-#$LLOF1QJCOL!+N%&3@X^]Z&H+36[::[2
MQN UIJ#*66VFPX'4H1PX^A.



MCK.HR&

BJ!TN0C']J7P^A3_XF
=2U _6;_ZU)_8WKJ6HG_MMC^0H U,BN8&HW4^
MMZQ%-J$UK;6<T$40AC1MWF*O)RK'EFQ6E_8O_43U'_O_ /\ UJY4VXAU/Q+:
MK-YLAN;)Q]HF 8J-A9LG X /Y8H ZJ6VF@@DEDUR\1(U+,Q2'@=S^[JI'<K




DD

AJQ_8MJ&SYM]G_K^F

MEW;'
0
M1SG:N,'NV,UN#1[8?\M;[_P.F_\ BZ &7&H7(U1K&TMXI&2%9F:64H,,S  8
M1O[IJP9+[[*K+;P&XSRAF(0?\V9_2LS^R]+.M2Q*]Z+S[.C.?MTXW1[GV_Q

1^!C&?SILT^
MK+(X@L[)T!^4O=LI(]P(SC\Z7^QK7_GK??\ @=/_ /%TUM#M&X
M_P#A?SC_
M -GH E




M47^=4M2U35-.59CIUO+;&949TNR&56; 8@ICTX![_C5@Z!9D$&74.?349Q_[
H 0]*X'3SL^(,XW$;M3G^A_T2+C]?P_/OC7GU@?



LC3_ #&0;B!NSUX ZUQ'BJ.V


M7&





M.8 =
7$G'_CU+_PCNF$Y

 AMXQ'&&9MH]6)8G\22

P4;BO'&?P'Y5:HH **



MNW!V/3IC#=:TJRA.X\4R6YD;RS9(X0DXSO8$C\QGZM6@ HHHH **** J-B


\0R21:)/)$[HX*89&VG[Z]Z -)?NBEI!P*6@#)D&/$\//6SD




M'+6Q60FZMT)E1U(8 NX!/'?!_(USOCZ.]M[CPW]JN+1PVL0-F&V
#72^ [:WB\*6D\4$4<LP8RNB;2Y#L!GC)_&@#IJ*** BBB@ HHHH ****


MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
SGPG9^QE'_D
M1JJ_$ X\-1'.,:C9<9QG_2(__P!?X5;\&%F\*6A8DMOE!S[2O0!O4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 !Z5EZ


M:316
$@#12WB*ZD\





4+;?*C
M7/R

ME(#_ 


MH **** BBB@ HHHH .XHH[BB@ HHK'U*ZM EPFHW&TW

M]#ZYH S_ !^/^*:C8C*I?V;



#)X]@#JZ/;WL F^VN[NSL=QF+@Y9B
M

M03BBL[6M

M


<5F:/<116]PCR(K_:;A\
P!




M12I-&LD;*R

$*$+$%
M#2
Q;+9()P
 #WSG/%/F/_%568YYLI__ $.+_&K%]H]GJ


MJ*]1SS8__6_2NS2)+Q$=K;YCACQ'#%@9 'C) _

M=@XW=

M&R!D#)]* %HID+.T*M(FQR



9^

1C@D''7J
'WJ_10!C7OAVVO

-U+!))/


M!R

X'J$';%=O;7
%Y;QW%M*DT
JAT







MCGBT^_:.10Z
@#5HK*&MY!/]F:CC_KA_

MU:*RO[9D) &E:A^
:_\ Q5*=8D!(.DZAG_KFI_\ 9J -2BLO^V)


M?]E/_BJ+@:E%9?\ :TY'&CZ@?PC'_L]+_:MQD :/?D_]LO\ XNF!IT5F_P!J
M7&1_Q)[_ )]XO_BZ!J=R1G^QKX?5H?\ XY0!I45G#4KDC/\ 8U]_WU#_ /'*


M /ON#_XY44NN26X1KG2;V&-Y4B\QFA(!=@B_=D)ZL.U &O1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 AZ&LW1&!M[H8QB\G'_CYK


M\Q^9[=?+K6H **** BBB@ HHHH *S]=FDM_#^HS1.4DCMI'1AU!D@UH54U

8/F





M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H




M;W0KO:X'5LGX@Q;-Q*W5GDJH)7




MG\+7*2JK+NC/S=B)%P?8YZ$=Z?X6A6#16A4

M_1AG.K6(Q_T\)_C5^.6.:-9(G5T895E.01Z@TN!69X;Q_P (YIV%P!;H
?A0
M!J4444 %
F_U$G^Z?Y4^F3#


$


5F2Z/'J?CG


MDDV



BW3 =!)(FQ




 0=I!_
 ]JKS?\
M)3=6SVZVNF63NA4727DDQC)_B&)=WT+@YH.M1:]8&[AMKFWROT=R@5U
M9#@C@D=1CKVJ37=4CT;0[W4'Y\B(N%_O-V'XG I^D:9#H^E6UA 69(4[VQN


88

J



MO_4G53+^Z%E]F$6?XB^XM^0 H U:*9+YGDOY)42;3LW=,]LU5TE-0CTFV35
M989;\(!/)N$9O8?_J^@Z4 8^K?-X]\/+AOEM[M\CZ1CG\ZM^*E+Z)M5BI-U
M; 
N

M_P#TWCH F&G7F.=9OO\ OB'_ .-T[^S[O&/[8OOKLA_^-UH44 9ITZ[(/_$Z
MOAGT2#C_ 

B



;-OM]W]: -&JNIO#'I=V]S&9(%A


MA3S]* -:BBB@ IDPS!(/]D_RI]!&010!E^&CGPOI/_7G#_Z *U*S_PP]*_Z
M!EE_X#K_ (4'0])/73+(_P#;NO\ A0!H450_L32NVFV?_?A?\*7^QM+_ .@;
M9_\ ?A?\* +V1ZT9'K5'^Q=+_P@;9_]^%_PH_L?3 O&G6@Q_P!
%_PH NEE
M7JP'U- =6Z



_UYX'^R?2@#K3=6X.#/$#T^^*0W5N 29X
M@ 

'(Q$O!]: 'F^M!UNH/^_@IIU&R



M




M\N22 (3@HY&=ZL
%@!TSDCFLR;2KE?$UE'_;NI
6LYSN(@R
/#Q_J^^?T%=#


M)\U\EG$ZY)//0=: .WK)\
'/AG33_P!.Z?RJO]D\6_\ 0:T7_P %$O\ \DUH
MZ192:=I-K9RS+-)!$L;2*A0
0.N3C\S0!=HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *YWQ









M@D%NIY _*N1AUQ[C4];N?^$8U?5(;QS:I+;I'Y+01@KM!9U)RQD)X_B'I766

MB 
9/N: 
'P+J%Y-I4VFZG#)#?Z=)Y+)+MW-'C
;':2.5X.#U4UU59CZ0/[?


Z



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHS10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11




M- &%X_)'A&8A0Q%U:G! (_X^(_6I_!C+_P (O!@@_OI^F?\ GL]4OB# S^&9

MK
TF13 A\K:7;=C&_C/UZ8S^%4!IMX /^)U?GG.2D'Y?ZN@#3S1FJ=G:3V[$


<X*0?E_JJOR1-)R+*\;$8$BXR/<9!&?PH ES168--NP.=:OB?79!_P#&
MZM6EM+ 7


M)_6H_PSKO(_XG-]P0?N0^O_ %S_  H TLT9J*2)I(BRO$Q& Z ;A^8(_2J
MG]GW6/\ D
7W_?$/_P ;H T
T9%5[:WD@5A+=37!/0RA!CZ;5%12V
\DK.NI


QP:F_L8D8.IZA_P!_1_A0!I9%
M&14-M;?9HO+\Z67G.Z5MQ_.JLNE&69I/[0ODW'.U)0%'L!B@#0R*7(K/ATLP
MS+)]OOGVG.V24$'Z\5/=VGVJ

BES69_8HQSJ.H_]_\



9J-;=






M.4/Y@@BJATBV(YDO.H/%[


?NKF2

M

MZ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** $(!ZBEHHH **** BB@]* 

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %9-R2/%5@.QLKG_T.&M:LJY!_X2K3S_TY7.?^
M^X* 



MW8]30!+1110 4444 1121N\JQNK
C;7G[K8!P??!!_$5+67I2XO]9;  :\4
MCGK^XB']*U* BBB@ I,TM% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4A..3TH/0U@Z#I.G3:#9226-H[/I+- I)XSW% &\6P
]J0L 
Y'3/6J7
M]BZ7_P! ZS_[\+_A2_V-IF
?V?:8]/(7_@X6P
\9QZT@D4J#N&#R#GK50Z
,4U=.LU;<MK IQC(C'
M2A=.LUD,BVL <]2(QDT *U_:)]ZZ@7ZRC[?9_\ /U!_W\%.CLK:(82)1C&
M%0E-K1CRH\=?NB@
ZE9#K=VX_[:C_ !I/[3L=I;[9;X R3YJX _.I!:0+
MC$




Y/Z



MY?B(YRUCC'&)6_7Y*V\44 8*Q^)#DV8]/WY_P#C5+Y7B(ODO:@#TFX(_P_
6_OBX'_P 9K=HH P3!XA))

M%)Y/B4$;9+4KG)W7//X?N?YYKH** 
#R?$F#\]KSC_EZ^[Z_\L.?TH\CQ&=V
OVH?_(];XZ4



';\8 _YB5ISU_PF?T_.KFCZK?7WBO4XUTW2XHHVDC\])6\Z0H54

E=
M!X?U76]5:9[RSL8+9,HLD4DI+MA2 \:Y7D@GU7O5#P+K-WJ7VFWNK#3K41I
M%

_H?QI_V_QKPH







MQ/+L-G(2 \K.
X!'1AWH R[JZ\3VNHV5G-

MC(P-7 YZXCZ?]^NM9FI7B7?C'1&6&X7:Y'[V H?NOTW#D5VM '.IIWB0$;]6







#VKH:* .=.

79CZ\9P/:O5J\_U1


5P)%

M 
(Q; ]1)




M#_

MUJ:@ P*

M%%%% '





MN9 


ID8@CV




MW=;(5A^\QD]#^^G_ /KT =11110!C^'^4U%_[]_-^AV_^RUL5S&C:==7$%U.

MW_0RZI_W[MO_ (S0='OL'_BI-4_[]VW_ 


M*& W8[XS70

M9K665]SE3D


L:YVK

1,<#)VX^0G=DG@;O6@#NJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





M% &G1110 4444 %5KC3;&[D#W-E;S.!@-)$K''IR*LT4 4/[#TG_ *!=E_X#





D8SQUH TZ*** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\[UHB/


?DHK
\=Q2

MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#E?B(I;P;=$?PR1$\XX\Q1Z'Z

*!<!I'@GT
MYH GHK,?Q%H\94'4[4[C@;90WYXZ4IU_2,@?VI8Y(R!]H3_&@Y;7$=S&SQ$
ME5=HSD8Y5BI_4&IJYS0M=TLZ?(S:A:)FZN2 TR@X\]\'GU'/XUHG7](!Q_:=

_Z]?\ &@#2

8N[



M^C..N
_X5HV\\5U;I/!(DL4BAD=#D

MS%$I4+G: C8VN=^2

MT#&64J1G*V\AX_!:1_$FG(F\FY(QGY;.8D?@%H UZ*RH_$.GRJ&5I\8SEK:5



M75: *7BPX\+7O!^ZO_H0IO@_(\-Q9_Y[W'?/_+=Z=XM&[PI? ?W!WQQN%
\&

4 :E%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444



MC+IQQS]FN!G_ (%%6K67=#_BI=.;L+:X'_CT7^% %RTM([*)HXMVUI'E.XYY
M=BQ_5C5BLS0I7FL)6D=W875PF6;)PLS@#/H  ![5IT %%%% &#J-IJIUI[C3

M2T %%%% !1110 5AZY8W



\*DD_4B@YN% 8
M$U6&FV(MC;RMQ 3N

MX_E0!M%0W4 CK3J** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KSC6R1\0D)88^W:?@?\

M20![FCPDPA\

M'((WNX%=NBM( 3^%5/#ASX=L&5@85.Y3D'B@#4HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5PNH;#\7]-PQ\P6/(RNO[[WSUQTXKNCTKA[T ?
M%W3FW?\ +A@#U_UQ]?;T/X=P#N**** LRY_Y&.PY/\ Q[3_ /H45:=95V!_
MPDVG'O\ 9;COCC=%_P#6H GTJ-HK1U=2I
\S $8X
C$?H15ZJMA=I?6YGC5U

M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 A]JI:5=_;+5Y?)6+;/-$54Y&4E9
]!UVY_


M N4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7GVIA'^(JC//VRRR/I#='VKT&O/]2V#
MXA)O)P;ZSP
XR?L]S0!WZ]*6D'2EH **** BBB@ HHHH #10:* JATRQ-Q
9'A&?#$8N+7G.#_KXZLZ/I.G2Z-9R2




MZYN.'T_'8;'_ 

Q^S/:K%@8\U&8


M2H;:VBM(O*A79+
M8))Y))/7W)J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

G'V2W..V=\W^ K6JE%


M2*



CV



5O$L2$[MJCO0!-N%&X5GMHF

M:K#0]


U %O=1FJUWIUI?;?M-M%*5!EER1GT/
M;I4/]B:7_P! VT_[\K_A0!?R,9HS3$@BB@$,4:1Q@8(  !]*I?V'I8 ']G6




M-M92:1/












CS:6
M)G$@\Z665!)G=L:1F3@]/E(X[5IT8Q10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M0L#T+2

M!'FOC!H WSTK)\


'!%175]:6



M9_H:Q+K6[7Q!IVR21BB3 A87)!.T=,9]?RH Z6BJEEJ5KJ!E6WDW-$0)%92
MK*2,C((!%6Z BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ JEIET]Y;R22!0RW$T6%Z825D'XX49]ZNU1TN&*


9Q]Y
M@@$$8;\^.=S3;L30)#+-$UXD:F:-959E/3G&._L

MK2%6QUY+





MHB.X5

11_P (1IQ'^NG_ .^8
M_P#XB@#I:*YD^=/*;?.F'T2,#_TE/@K3^
2RC'3]W%_P#$4 1?$5%D\#WR
MN

QL)X_
MM$8L;)9E\TLP8$^2Y'&S&3TX[5$=7N;46IU#5]?C6:SBFC\K3D;+
7W!\0':


:#X;L


MZ#@BIO%&@W.NPZ=]ENHH);*^BO!YL1=7*9^7@@CKUK-T6^N=+NM8ANK&XGN&


M]



5M^9ATSN
M4\?3% %ZBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ I



VU2?2O
O$%[;ZCXG66#?M6YTM#YL+1D
MS

XZ\5Z:PR
5YIKU

N26NI20
 ?Q'/ISB@#TL=*6D7I2T %%%% !1110 4
M444 (:*#10 M498]3



TC:Q)EBI^6!!]
MW;M_]!'Y4 =0#FN?U/PC;ZGJ

@#GJ:MZ'H@T6*





MN4444 %%%% &5XE_Y%?5O^O.;_T UR_P\&-8\5_
#_Q

M#J?$G_(L:KSC_0YN?^ &O/\ PWX@A\/7OBJYN;:YFA_M0J[P!&VLTC@ @L&)






@]1110 4444 %%%% !1110

0?^$LC.



MPANI8SGRP1CUWKGAWC18_\ KI+_ .C&JGXWQ_PAFJ9[Q8_45;\.C&BQC_IK
M-_Z,:@#5HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH









MSH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MTUF_]&-57QM_R)FJ_P#7 _S%6_#O_(&3_KM-_PC6H U**** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


RH/\ 6
O8DG'/.%7..E;&


:]TN*VO)6


=L8.*T=R^M&1ZT 8T]UJVF6KR3V\-Y'$I9I89/+8J!GE&XSC
M.@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **:Q((P<]?:G
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 52TX6@%Q]D)P;B3
MS,Y_UF?FZ^_IQ5VL:P^U64MU&VG7#6ZDD$B/&5*LW!Y8'ICM0!LT53GN[B*
M38FGW

M44Z9=JK'!=FBPOUP^?R%/EN[B.0JNGW
H'\:-'@_3+@T 7*H1_8_[=GVD_;O
7N?;[==_O4J7$[6[2&SG5QTB)3<WTPV/S-4K.*ZD\0W-[+:200O:Q
M1+YA0DLKR$_=8]F'YT :]%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YUXR./%$?'/F



M 
]H^G_?5:E% &7_ &AJ6%_XDLN3U_?Q\?K4-QK-]9V[7%SI$B1(
N5G0D#Z
M9YK:K


DX 4/T



DDC@7G_ +2D']:U

JWUQJ,UAI-I%(UN%\^XN)L<989@*6;&1P &'/:KFB;?[L-
MHPOV=




\K_F57O[5GV&




M96R!+*V\-QW7RHR/KQ3+6]D\4ZCHJ?*+6VM8=2N01DM*P/EI[;2&8]^%H U+

TJ



B*QF

UO68]&LA
T$MQ-)
M(L4%O%C?*YZ*



?]
MNC?_ !R@0:MWOK/_ 




M.9
M'
B^7J+ J.

MODN1
=RY7*^=.2N 


#^E:@L+4


S

MKW_AKIJ* .6NM0\76=K-=2Z3HC10QL[*FI2[B 
HV307)5F@U
M&-W$3  'RRK# ( .#WR1UI^B^(-%@T.PBFU?3XI%MHPR-<HIVCC&:N_\)/H

M[6VC\JWB8=&P22[#L6.!Z=#

M\:/^$FT#_H.:;_X%Q_XT 4]

M65IGAWQC86%M8+XBTZVMHA$GDZ>68@  9+/CU[5T/\ PDV@
MGWNI:6(M.F@ANXYHYHGG0N@*


M $&]-_\  M/\: -0=*S8-+





_\ 3I+W



EV7
MU$#=
NR1R#D%6!!'.



AOH_$%O

MZ781X9MZQ7;HDFX88LH/)90H(R
@8)XYT[I?'%WI[64FCZ+Y) 4*LC*% P05



M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** O./%J@^

R#TXFF;\_E]_I0!Z.O2E


!(
M@(!

M73$RUM']NOG*;@MNK8*X_O-\Q'^Z:ZL1)&N$4* 
 *
5Q.D2:K=OJFIV^D6U
MS'J
[JLLMZ8R84_=JN-C8'#'_@1]: .VB=98U=K $$'@BGXKE/!$MY9VEQ
MH&I*!=Z






MF8'C'(=DK0\2^ ])M+6.#0].QJ4V]X6GO)BI*+G;S(

MZWJ=S?K/+%ITMNL2VS0-%QN8NCY*LV%XZ8 QD&NGN/#PO8V2ZU*[GC8#


M^#/#6B7_ (3TR[NM


M HHHH **** $;I12-THH =117*ZOXLN--U&:TBLH9O*P2S7#J0
9R0(VP/Q-

^A/K5VB@!K*&
M4J0



S+N)C)R-W4$
M9P
QMEVP6\:
MQQCKA0




MK'1[-;33[:.W@!)V(

MK
TO_D(:Q_U]K_Z(BK3JO;6R037
B%MUQ()'![$*J\?@HH L4444 %%%% &5
MXG8IX5U=AU%E

U &!X3BE7Q!XGF



J*68@*.23VH I:U@
M:'?DJ& MY.#T/RFLGP$
GRUJUDWX/]OZ41TQ-G_OD4 :U%(P)'!Q[TM !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5'.)6A80%!+_7!(_'
M%244 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 5YGXV7/BOH
[M

E>F5YMXO;;XR0C[QDTM0




D


M/0 ]!UBXFAL%CM6VW-Q(D$;8!V%CRV#Q\J[FQWQ4UAI]IIUL(+:)8UZL1U=N
M[



MLJ_.-=TK/?SAT[[1_P#7K5K*U 9US21@G!E/7ML_^O0!JT444 %%%% !116=

4HZ4M !1110 4444 %%%% #6Z44K=**
M %HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MD90X((R#2T4 5+#3+/3(VCLH%A1F+%5S@D]35NBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ JM;7:W
]W$%(-O((R3W)16_\ 9JLUFZ;G[?JW& ;E2/?]



C%%% %:WL+2T9FMK:&%G^\8XPI

M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4

&D([G '/X 5-69IG_(1U
)^?NKC_IRF_P#0#57P@-(N023_P 3
M&]Z]1_I

))8G5XW4,K*<@@]*



M]U*TMI2NX)-
J


M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 54M+9H+F\E9@1/*'4 8QA%7GW^7^56Z9+#'/$\4J*\;@JRL
M


+GZX%


M&:I)H^F1R+(FGVJNIRK
M%00?4<5//:P72;+B&.5 <[9%##/XT 39HS5+^QM,_P@=:?]^%_PJQ#;0V\?




VC7



M?ZZEQ87$%Y
+W-N4W



V
)99F)9N.%L?FZ<<
M=170OX


M+JPU2U03)$Q%Q )497R

M[HR


M+E_[
O+M]/6
N=GE?*L
@'3F17Y])10!Z!17


4J\

M=#N+N\U+S%L823#J$T6\E 26V

GD\GFJ'@WP]I][H4-[=_:;FY\Z9=\UY+)


M]*)* .AHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ K)U%MNNZ0

M^5:U9.H'&O:3_P!MO_010!K4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445BZ


M]9LUMRGBZ22\W+F&]A@6&8?Q !$5QQT^8XXSFI?%VIWNG0:=]CU&TT\7%WY

91^XLX[=?

M[@CTKN1PM T5SNMZMJ#WHT?08XWU%E5Y9YN8K13AF'\3'!PH^IP*8-/\1Z



MG&P$ '([T =C17
ZK?:IJ.JMHNA7$=K+ J2W=[)%Y@B5LX15[N0

M:9XHTU%N].UV74C%\TME?00CSAW/&B;&QTR
XZ4 =51BN9G\0&YMO#EYI[


M?R .[HJ&WF

#F@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH *\W\?.1K8&3M6)QSC/VQ:](KS?QYN_M\8!(,=CW_Z?%_QH
M ]''2EI!TI: BBB@ HHHH **** &O\ =-%#C*T4 .HHHH Y[4M/
_B[3+S[

M%(WW:6@C- &'X1S_ 
(O:AA@JTJ_@)& _E5'P@1]I\22;L@ZQ+V]$0?TKI+:
I9CDG:<CD^U

/

M\0%71T

M;Z;AWK931=




]



MB@ HHHH **** 
GQ0
^%-8_Z\IO_ $ U3\%C&CW1ZYU*].?7_2)*N^)AN\*Z


MM'LQ!L8R2RIYDF


9

K=W-I):2^;%)

&*O





+XE

XH R_#!
?B'Q1#-('N/MR2] #Y;1)L'X $?@:


M)I76


MM*O+ZX6!9V





MS''/&: -#5=?BTVZM[**WFO-0N03%:P8W;1U=B2 JCU/?@9/%4KKQ3=:3$;C


MDFNMF2.2!TE56C92'5AD$=P?:@G=ZK%:3:?'M:3[=/Y,;)@@?(SY//3'\Z

MQ9O%

M4F!]B^I5)2V![ UAI'.W@'PBMO*L





^_P#+US5WQ996TWAG5998
M(GE6RFVNR E?D/0]JS_&EV,VD7+265NQ.HWF-T2G %Q)@#CI@@#JS(@C\P


&





M1?

$1J


^GX4 =710.@HH *K7VH6NFV_VB[GCABW!=SG R3@#\2:LGI7
3VRZOXZ


\6/





=%U:$




@J.#C

B@#F=0M-9\16[Z?/:0:?I\V!.SR^;


M10!AQW?B)YX_

MDGC
OF2S[3D)@?*JY ).23C&!G-=)D49% &1_9TQ\5?VC\GD?8?(Z\[M^[IZ
4S


4G H P[_1G


T +12;A2T %%%% !1110 5GV@ U:_]2L1Z
M^QK0JO#;F.[GG+9\U5&
=
9_QH L4444 %%%% &9XBC









072M$U*ZD8[0T\)M8U]V
N&Q_NJ

XS
M5W&* 


EKIFJ C9IFH17
HQG
9RC?3 ?=GVJQKL4\VI


M;]H
MNN)FFE=V+,[GN2?8  =@ * +A&17.R^=
GN6GFN=6D8R&38=4N @.

M%U9W

]

_

MQ+J5QI^G(EC&)+^[E%M:JQP [ _


9YKJ=;Y\:^&../]*Y_[

ZBQE5YE5C

DUI\)FM9XFCGDL/LZ1

GR(O/IN4?A79


H&1G^$B@#8MU=8



M\CVT;

23_6K!Z&LSP\\CZ/&TKR.
MYDE^:1BS?ZQL<GVH U**** $[UF:AG^V=*P3]Z7('^Y6I65J*_\ $YTML9(:
M4?\ CG_UJ -6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


K?F.?8FM:B@#
N-(








MPV$;=\V &# ?O7XR.* .Q%%)THQ0 M%%% !11BD[T +1110 'I6=HEO-:Z6D
M

NTG/W6*_P!* +5%%% !63J*






XI: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** O./&:E_%2B

MF)!TSY03ROVM\_EQ0!Z








M9=9Y_PN== O2N=\3KF.Y/IIEWGZ?N__ *]=$O2@!:*** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ K+L?[:U12

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *\R\=*/^$JC.3RVF9&.

)_\ 57('4Z=<<?C'71KT
MH 6BBB@ HHHH *0]#2T'H: ,BVO=6N[6*XAL;+RY4#IOO'!P0
_NC4PEUCO

M\K+_ 
#'_P#C5:&0:* 
_P W5_\ GRL?_ Q__C5(9=8[65C_ .!C_P#QJM'-

M_P#XU1YNK_\ /E9?^!;_ /QNMB@#/\ ,U?'_'G99_Z^W_\ C='F:O\ \^=E
M_P!;_\ QNK^1FEH S_
U?\ Y]++_P W_\ C=+YNK_\^=E_X%O_ /&ZOTF1
M0!G^9K&3_HEB1V_TIQ_[3^M'F:QDXM+''8?:G_\ C=:-% &=YNL9_P/.Q_\




_T_2@#7HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** O
O&X)\71


MCQH D\
W27NC1W
6J7.I1R
2L]Q (6]




M0!F; P
X]Z .U'05GZWJ:Z/HUU?LAD

998QU=OX5_$X'XU=BWF%/
QOVC=C

LYB0A?EC!(5OXB3T_@- &AX7U.[G%WI



[I::
;E /ED-RB!CCT/(]* -:L+PUJ-W
MJ#:O]J=6%OJ
L$.U0
(NW _

^!G:2


:5ING7FIVLEQ97L$#
MR]%U(SC )^8LQWC(Z-D5:UXDOO K7$R$23V2NZXQ@LH)^F





MK5FLSP_+)/H\4DLC2.6?+-U/SL* -.BBB@ K(U//]NZ


M^0UH_'/F2_\ HMJ -:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

JI8C)7GJQ[^E7!J=P3C^QK


MY'_
'OO^^X?_ (Y0 [2M*MM&LA:6AF
08MF:=Y6)/7YG)/ZTNJZ9'JUE]FEE
MEB D259(B RLC!E(R#W J

M -]P_P#QRD_M*Y_Z U]_WW#_ /'* (]$\/6/A^WG@L%=8YIC
P9LX) &!Z






MJH:5I%KH\



M110 4444 %017
4T\T*G]Y#MWC'3(R*GK
L1_P 3C4SC_GD
_P# ?_KT :=%



M2EI!TI: BBB@ HHHH **** &O\ =-%#C*T4 .HHHH YSQ1@17#$X/\ 9EV!
M^/E_C71#I7.^)RWDW&&P/[-NN/\ OWV]*Z(=* %HHHH **** BBB@ Q1110
M 8'I1110 57O;VWTZRGO+N416\$9DDD(X50
DU8KE_&4;ZDFGZ#$\:OJ
_[S

)Y1QZESW


+!


8 ]$8%?8%?:NMH R?$

MP6+8'U(KJB






M '2EH 

MK-(^HWT;.2D938
=
KS0!=HHHH **** 


MMC4D@9)Y))/7W)H FHHHH *Q]4 .N:+ZB67'/_3)OSK8K)U(D:UH_7!DE''K
MY9Z_K0!K4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !7F?C2(R^+

M203_ 





C&



M?C/^VU:AZ&J&C6\EIID4$JA74MD YQEB1^AH OT444 %9.IX_MG1NG^MD_\

M+0IG:-V7+.54@ X;.WD$@=
G!! /2F1:_J;_ 'M#E1AU3+Y' /79M/4C@GIU
MYKHJ


MH[T44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !








MT.A6)N]3MVN# AD9YE#
=HY(XY/?@58LO$.FW-L)7O;6(EB-K3KD8) []^OX


\ \



 F0QQ11[(41$R3A!@9)R?US4AZ5D^'%9=&4-G/G3$Y_PNKT :
MU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !7FOC)53Q9;[ NX2Z5@$9'_ !\RCU]Z]*KS?QX/*UZ.9&*O


C_EE73H
(!Z



MYZ_3\:T&^*.D(NY[*_48).5CR #@_P ?;TZUY*CK#YSL CJ
^2ZX93QGJ../


M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5YO





7/_P 30!T%%8/]FWW_ #[_ /E9N/\ XFC^S;[C
M]Q_Y6+C_ .)H WJ*P1IM\/\ EW_\K%Q_\30--OP
?9__ L7'_Q- &]16#_9
MM]_SP/\ X.+C_P)IO\ 9FH9_P!2
?\ 87N/_B: .@HK _LN]P/W)X_ZC%S_





#

&J7& '
M$Q^[GMY7KW]J .YHKG_[(OSGY^O_ %$+G_XJ@Z/?DY




G^M '7Y%)D5R/\ PCNJ8 ^0
M@')SJ]YS_P/4A\-ZF0/EAR

MKUB'PSJ39)$0R



E0#<0D <#S[KCZ?
MOJD_X1S42=QO8]PZ?O[K_P/<4 =/N%&X5S \-W^XDWD?7.?-N3D^_[ZD_X1
MF^


@#K

#.5_=7''_ )
4[_A$)@@5;BU ' 'EW&/_ $?0!U6X49KD


,)]KL(<RPN[Q6DI=A'() H+3$ 97TH [@=*6D P.:6
M@ HHHH **** BBB@!#THH/2B@!:*** .5\6Y_?D<_\ $GON
XSS#74K]T5R
M_BQ5(N25'_('OASZ?NJZA?NB@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HZ\TC#*

M **** BBB@!,4M%% !7&73#_A9L;6SY4#;NWW+P8KLZXV\&?B3;
%4GRX5

+D?A


MO:1^5;01PQYSLC0*



44
\LK?4+5[:[B66%\;D;

4'I2T8H **** $%+110 4=
MZ.@HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BCI10 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%  :*0T4 +
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 44AHH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH ***2@!:*3-+0 48HHH *3%+10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11C-% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 AZ44&B@!:*** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** $/6EHHH **** BBB@!*!2T@H #2GI110 E+110 4E%% T44=Z $I:*
M* C%%)B@!:*** $Z4M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !FBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** $/2B@T4 +1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 444A(% T4F1ZTM !1110 449HH ***
B@ HHHH ***
XH **** BB
MB@ HH) J*Y@N8S);S1RH5+1L&&1U&10!+1110 4444 )2TE+0 4444 %)S
M2T4 )2T44 )VI:** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** DI:* BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

M4F\'O;X.D:WJ%BP'3S/

MP@'UP_Y4 4='O;E]:U*SNF)QY=Q



MK$TH^1X@UJU'F2.Y _WTVG]4K;H *YBZUJ^:[2[B BT^WO/LD\;I\TF3MWY
M[*1CU[XKIC6'XGC2+P[


RM+;
%F3!!0GD?_KJU7+W\8T[QM8W


MJF;





M Z^E/UNT_MGQ1I=@ZO\ 98(FNI\K\K_




M[:*
K')L9W.YE;CDJ




IO
T%HMC(8+F:
AE(/WRPZ^SNCH 2EHHH ,T44G:
M@!:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@!#THH8X%% T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


TM% !29I:* $H&*6B@!

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 0\BB@T4 +1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

M*#THH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 (:*#THH 6BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH



MN?\ /K46DZ1::19);VL84#[S?Q.?4FM@ HHHH **** BBB@!#10:* %HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH 0G%+5:]LUO8/+,DL3#E9(7VLIQU'_U\CVJ
MPHPH!).!U- T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1


]
G@9_$BN?TSPTFI:6\^M(9I[LK)\S'=&!RN/0_3IP.U=


MM(;M56:

%8

MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BCO10 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

)Z4?9?&'_01T[_ +\'_&BB@!OV
M/QCG_D*V&/3R*3[!XP//]LV8]A;BBB@!?[/\7G/_ !.[0?2V%)_9?B[_ *&&


M_2T3^HHHH 3^R/%7?Q



MSZ^3'_A2'P_K!)_XJB]Y](H_\*** #_A'=5P!_PDU]_WPG^%)_PCNJ_]#/??


?X44
M4 '_  C6H?\ 0R:E^:_X4?\ -:A_P!#+J7YK_A110 G_-:C_T
VH_^.T?\
M(UJ7_0S:AC_@-%% _\ -ZAC_D9-1_-:3_A&M1_Z&74?THHH 7_ (1O4/\
MH9=1_-:/^$;U#_H9-2_-?\*** #_ (1J_P#^ADU+\UH_X1J__PADU+\Q_A1
M10 G_-7_P#T

MI/\ A&K[OXDU3_OI?\*** #_ (1N]S_R

M%%% !_PC=[C_ )&/5

K_P#@0/\ BB@!1X=.
'6-6/O]J_^M1_PCI_Z#.K?^!7_

M']*** #_ (1U/^@IJW_@8U+_ 


52
MCP] /^7W5#_V_P O_P 5110 ?\(];_\ /[JG_@PF_P#BJ/\ A'K?_G\U/_P8
M3?\ Q5%% ?\([!_S_ZI_P!\O\ \51_PCT'_/\ :I_X
)O_ (JBB@ _X1V#
M_G^U7_P82_\ Q5*/#UO_ 

LAGS(T%MJ&JJPD4M_Q

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 2%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 49%; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 50%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 29px; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=text-align: justify; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 50%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<TR STYLE=vertical-align: top; font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times

    <TD STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Times

 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 - BUSINESS ACTIVITIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Coffee Holding Co., Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;)&#13;conducts wholesale coffee operations, including manufacturing, roasting, packaging, marketing and distributing roasted and blended&#13;coffees for private labeled accounts and its own brands, and it sells green coffee. The Company&amp;#8217;s core product, coffee, can&#13;be summarized and divided into three product categories (&amp;#8220;product lines&amp;#8221;) as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Wholesale Green Coffee:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#13;unroasted raw beans imported from around the world and sold to large and small roasters and coffee shop operators;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Private Label Coffee:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt;&#13;coffee roasted, blended, packaged and sold under the specifications and names of others, including supermarkets that want to have&#13;their own brand name on coffee to compete with national brands; and&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Branded Coffee:&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; coffee&#13;roasted and blended to the Company&amp;#8217;s own specifications and packaged and sold under the Company&amp;#8217;s eight proprietary&#13;and licensed brand names in different segments of the market.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s private label&#13;and branded coffee sales are primarily to customers that are located throughout the United States with limited sales in Canada&#13;and certain countries in Asia. Such customers include supermarkets, wholesalers, and individually-owned and multi-unit retailers.&#13;The Company&amp;#8217;s unprocessed green coffee, which includes over 90 specialty coffee offerings, is sold primarily to specialty&#13;gourmet roasters and to coffee shop operators in the United States with limited sales in Australia, Canada, England and China.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 - INVENTORIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories at October 31, 2018 and&#13;2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 - INCOME TAXES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s provision for&#13;income taxes in 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Current&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;219,233&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;392,354&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;140,534&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35,717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;359,767&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;428,071&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;98,400&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(199,550&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;53,365&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15,575&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;151,765&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(183,975&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;511,532&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;244,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the difference&#13;between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate is as&#13;follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax at the federal statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;693,239&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;241,862&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(59,473&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(21,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effect of tax rate change&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(224,283&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State and local tax, net of federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;102,049&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;23,523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Provision for income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;511,532&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;244,096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Effective income tax rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;25&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;%&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The tax effects of the temporary&#13;differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;39,561&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;57,904&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6,057&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;138,963&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;66,524&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;146,356&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;96,950&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;84,877&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;142,881&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;440,325&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;339,748&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax liability:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets acquired&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;484,932&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;387,982&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(196,443&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred rent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(96,659&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;397,090&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;534,800&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;882,022&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;629,680&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;A valuation allowance was not provided&#13;at October 31, 2018 or 2017. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely&#13;than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets&#13;is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.&#13;Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and tax planning strategies&#13;in making this assessment. Based upon the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income over the&#13;periods in which the deferred tax assets are expected to be deductible, management believes it is more likely than not the Company&#13;will realize the benefits of these deductible differences. The amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however,&#13;could be reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income are reduced.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;On December 22, 2017, H.R.1, or the&#13;Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &amp;#8220;Act&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;Tax Reform&amp;#8221;) was signed into law. The Act made significant changes&#13;to the Internal Revenue Code including, but not limited to, reducing the corporate federal tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January&#13;1, 2018. The Company calculated its provision for current federal income tax in foscal 2017 using a rate of 23.2%, which reflects&#13;a blend of the former federal tax rate and the new federal tax rate of 21%. As a result of the new federal tax rate, the Company&#13;remeasured its deferred tax assets and liabilities. The remeasurement resulted in a provision for income taxes of $10,786.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As of October 31, 2018 and 2017,&#13;the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits or open tax positions. The Company&amp;#8217;s practice is to recognize interest&#13;and/or penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. As of October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had no accrued&#13;interest or penalties related to income taxes. The Company currently has no federal or state tax examinations in progress.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 - ECONOMIC DEPENDENCY:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Approximately 26% of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;sales were derived from five customers during the year ended October 31, 2018. These customers also accounted for approximately&#13;$2,856,000 or 29% of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31, 2018. Approximately 25% of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;sales were derived from four customers during the year ended October 31, 2017. These customers also accounted for approximately&#13;$6,175,000 or 46% of the Company&amp;#8217;s accounts receivable balance at October 31, 2017. Concentration of credit risk with respect&#13;to other trade receivables is limited due to the short payment terms generally extended by the Company, by ongoing credit evaluations&#13;of customers, and by maintaining an allowance for doubtful accounts and other allowances that management believes will adequately&#13;provide for credit losses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has engaged its 40% partner&#13;in Generation Coffee Company, LLC as an outside contractor (the &amp;#8220;Partner&amp;#8221;). Included in contract labor expense, which&#13;is a component of cost of sales, are expenses incurred from the Partner during the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017 of $447,140&#13;and $427,931, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;An employee of one of the top two&#13;vendors is a director of the Company. Purchases from that vendor totaled approximately $9,100,000 and $6,700,000 for the years&#13;ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The corresponding accounts payable balance to this vendor was approximately $215,000&#13;and $72,000 at October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 - STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#8217; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48px&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;a.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Treasury Stock&lt;/i&gt;. The Company utilizes the cost method of accounting for treasury stock. The cost of reissued shares is determined under the last-in, first-out method. The Company purchased 236,586 shares for $1,129,050 during the year ended October 31, 2018 and 57,367 shares for $254,920 during the year ended October 31, 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: top&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;b.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;i&gt;Share Repurchase Program. &lt;/i&gt;On September 29, 2015, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2015 Share Repurchase Program&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to $2 million of the outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, share price and other factors. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined based on the Company&amp;#8217;s evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The 2015 Share Repurchase Program may be discontinued or suspended at any time. Pursuant to the terms of the 2015 Share Repurchase Program, the Company purchased 3,384 shares for $15,829 during the year ended October 31, 2017. On September 10, 2017, the Company announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program (the &amp;#8220;2017 Share Repurchase Program&amp;#8221;) pursuant to which the Company may repurchase up to $2 million of the outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions subject to market conditions, share price and other factors. The timing and amount of any shares repurchased will be determined based on the Company&amp;#8217;s evaluation of market conditions and other factors. The 2017 Share Repurchase Program may be discontinued or suspended at any time. Pursuant to the terms of the 2017 Share Repurchase Program, the Company purchased 236,586 and 53,983 shares respectively for $1,129,050 and $239,091, respectively during the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 - SUBSEQUENT EVENTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories at October 31, 2018 and&#13;2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 - RECENTLY ISSUED ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS&#13;AFFECTING THE COMPANY: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The FASB issued&#13;ASU 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842). ASU 2016-01 requires that a lessee recognize the assets and liabilities that arise from operating&#13;leases. A lessee should recognize in the statement of financial position a liability to make lease payments (the lease liability)&#13;and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. For leases with a term of 12 months&#13;or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset not to recognize lease assets&#13;and lease liabilities. In transition, lessees and lessors are required to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the&#13;earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. Public business entities should apply the amendments in ASU&#13;2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years (i.e., January&#13;1, 2019, for a calendar year entity). Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15, 2019 (i.e., January 1, 2020, for a calendar year entity), and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15, 2020. Early application is permitted for all public business entities and all nonpublic business entities upon issuance.&#13;The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;In May 2014 the&#13;FASB issued ASU 2014-09, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;, which is a new standard related to revenue recognition.&#13;Under the new standard, recognition of revenue occurs when a customer obtains control of promised services or goods in an amount&#13;that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. In addition, the&#13;standard requires disclosure of the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from customer contracts.&#13;The standard must be adopted using either a full retrospective approach for all periods presented in the period of adoption or&#13;a modified retrospective approach. In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU 2015-14, &lt;i&gt;Revenue from Contracts with Customers - Deferral&#13;of the Effective Date&lt;/i&gt;, which defers the implementation of this new standard to be effective for fiscal years beginning after&#13;December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted effective January 1, 2017. In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-08, &lt;i&gt;Principal&#13;versus Agent Considerations&lt;/i&gt;, which clarifies the implementation guidance on principal versus agent considerations in the new&#13;revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, &lt;i&gt;Identifying Performance Obligations&#13;and Licensing&lt;/i&gt;, and in May 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, &lt;i&gt;Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,&lt;/i&gt; which&#13;amend certain aspects of the new revenue recognition standard pursuant to ASU 2014-09. The Company will adopt the new standard&#13;on November 1, 2018 and currently plans to use the modified retrospective method. The majority of the Company&amp;#8217;s business&#13;is ship and bill and, on that primary revenue stream, the Company does not expect significant differences. The Company has completed&#13;its assessment of multiple arrangements and certain discount and trade promotion programs and does not expect any material adjustments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In July 2017, the FASB issued ASU&#13;2017-11, &amp;#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic&#13;815): I. Accounting for Certain Financial Instruments with Down Round Features, II. Replacement of the Indefinite Deferral for&#13;Mandatorily Redeemable Financial Instruments of Certain Nonpublic Entities and Certain Mandatorily Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests&#13;with a Scope Exception&amp;#8221; which addresses narrow issues identified as a result of the complexity associated with applying generally&#13;accepted accounting principles for certain financial instruments with characteristics of liabilities and equity. Part I of this&#13;Update addresses the complexity of accounting for certain financial instruments with down round features. Current accounting guidance&#13;creates cost and complexity for entities that issue financial instruments (such as warrants and convertible instruments) with down&#13;round features that require fair value measurement of the entire instrument or conversion option. Part II of this Update addresses&#13;the difficulty of navigating Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity, because of the existence of extensive pending content&#13;in the FASB Accounting Standards Codification. This pending content is the result of the indefinite deferral of accounting requirements&#13;about mandatorily redeemable financial instruments of certain nonpublic entities and certain mandatorily redeemable noncontrolling&#13;interests. The amendments in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments&#13;(or embedded features) with down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as&#13;liabilities or equity instruments, a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument&#13;is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments.&#13;The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are&#13;presented as pending content in the Codification, to a scope exception. These amendments in Part I of this update are effective&#13;for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2018, early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim&#13;period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning&#13;of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The amendments in Part I of this Update should be applied in either of the&#13;following ways: (1) Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature by means of a cumulative-effect&#13;adjustment to the statement of financial position as of the beginning of the first fiscal year and interim period(s) in which the&#13;pending content that links to this paragraph is effective. (2) Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down&#13;round feature for each prior reporting period presented in accordance with the guidance on accounting changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5&#13;through 45-10. The amendments in Part II of this Update do not require any transition guidance because those amendments do not&#13;have an accounting effect.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The FASB has&#13;issued ASU No. 2015-17, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which changes how deferred taxes&#13;are classified on organizations&amp;#8217; balance sheets. The ASU eliminates the current requirement for organizations to present&#13;deferred tax liabilities and assets as current and noncurrent in a classified balance sheet. Instead, organizations will be required&#13;to classify all deferred tax assets and liabilities as noncurrent. The amendments apply to all organizations that present a classified&#13;balance sheet. For public companies, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning&#13;after December 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. For private companies, not - for - profit organizations,&#13;and employee benefit plans, the amendments are effective for financial statements issued for annual periods beginning after December&#13;15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. The Company adopted ASU 2015-17 during the&#13;quarter ended January 31, 2018, which did not have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 - LINE OF CREDIT:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On April 25,&#13;2017 the Company and OPTCO (together with the Company, collectively referred to herein as the &amp;#8220;Borrowers&amp;#8221;) entered&#13;into an Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement (the &amp;#8220;A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement&amp;#8221;) and Amended and Restated Loan&#13;Facility (the &amp;#8220;A&amp;#38;R Loan Facility&amp;#8221;) with Sterling National Bank (&amp;#8220;Sterling&amp;#8221;), which consolidated (i)&#13;the financing agreement between the Company and Sterling, dated February 17, 2009, as modified, (the &amp;#8220;Company Financing Agreement&amp;#8221;)&#13;and (ii) the financing agreement between Company, as guarantor, OPTCO and Sterling, dated March 10, 2015 (the &amp;#8220;OPTCO Financing&#13;Agreement&amp;#8221;), amongst other things.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Pursuant to the&#13;A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement, the terms of each of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement were amended and&#13;restated to, among other things: (i) provide for a new Maturity Date of February 28, 2018; (ii) consolidate the principal amounts&#13;of the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement to provide for a maximum principal amount limit of $12,000,000&#13;for the Borrowers, collectively, &lt;i&gt;provided that&lt;/i&gt; OPTCO is limited to a $3,000,000 maximum principal amount sublimit; (iii)&#13;expand the borrowing base to include, along with 85% of eligible accounts receivable, up to the lesser of $2,000,000 as to the&#13;Company and $1,500,000 as to OPTCO; (iv) effective March 1, 2017, converted the interest rate on the average unpaid balance of&#13;the A&amp;#38;R Loan Facility from an interest rate per annum equal to the Wall Street Journal Prime Rate to an interest rate per annum&#13;equal to the sum of the LIBOR rate plus 2.4%; (v) require the Company and OPTCO to pay, collectively, upon the occurrence of certain&#13;termination events, a prepayment premium of 1.0% (as opposed to the 0.5% under the OPTCO Financing Agreement) of the maximum amount&#13;of the A&amp;#38;R Loan Facility in effect as of the date of the termination event; (vi) eliminate the over advance fee; and (vii)&#13;establish a Letter of Credit Facility (as defined in the A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement) with a maximum obligation amount of $1,000,000,&#13;and subject to other terms and conditions described therein. Also on April 25, 2017, SONO and CFI (collectively referred to herein&#13;as the &amp;#8220;Guarantors&amp;#8221;), entered into a Guaranty Agreement (the &amp;#8220;Guaranty Agreement&amp;#8221;) in connection with the&#13;A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement. The Guaranty Agreement was provided as an inducement to Sterling to extend credit to Borrowers in exchange&#13;for the Guarantors&amp;#8217; unconditional guarantee of the payment and performance obligations of the Borrowers under the Loan Agreement,&#13;as further defined in the Guaranty Agreement.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;On March 23,&#13;2018, the Company reached an agreement for a new loan modification agreement and credit facility with Sterling. The terms of the&#13;new agreement among other things: (i) provides for a new maturity date of March 31, 2020; (ii) increases the maximum principal&#13;amount to $14,000,000; and (iii) decreases the interest rate per annum to LIBOR plus 2 percent, 4.3% at October 31, 2018.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Each of the A&amp;#38;R&#13;Loan Facility and A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement contains covenants, subject to certain exceptions, that place annual restrictions on the&#13;Borrowers&amp;#8217; operations, including covenants relating to debt restrictions, capital expenditures, indebtedness, minimum deposit&#13;restrictions, tangible net worth, net profit, leverage, employee loan restrictions, dividend and repurchase restrictions (common&#13;stock and preferred stock), and restrictions on intercompany transactions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The A&amp;#38;R Loan&#13;Facility also requires that we maintain a minimum working capital at all times, and the A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement requires that the&#13;Borrowers, on a consolidated basis, maintain a minimum working capital at all times and achieve a minimum net profit amount as&#13;of fiscal year end during the term of the A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;Each of the A&amp;#38;R&#13;Loan Facility and the A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement is secured by all tangible and intangible assets of the Company. Other than as amended&#13;and restated by the A&amp;#38;R Loan Agreement, the Company Financing Agreement and the OPTCO Financing Agreement remains in full force&#13;and effect.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has open position contracts&#13;held by the broker, which are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The allowances are summarized as&#13;follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#8211; BUSINESS ACQUISITION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the terms of an Asset&#13;Purchase Agreement dated April 24, 2018 (the &amp;#8220;Generations Agreement&amp;#8221;), by and among Generations Coffee Company, LLC&#13;(&amp;#8220;GCC&amp;#8221;), the entity formed as a result of the Company&amp;#8217;s joint venture with Caruso&amp;#8217;s Coffee, Inc., Steep&#13;&amp;#38; Brew, Inc. (&amp;#8220;the Seller&amp;#8221;) a Wisconsin corporation and the stockholder of the Seller. GCC purchased substantially&#13;all the assets, including equipment, inventory, customer list and relationships (the &amp;#8220;Assets&amp;#8221;) of the Seller. This&#13;was accounted for as a business combination. GCC purchased the Assets for a purchase price consisting of $2,677,335 in cash and&#13;a Seller held promissory note for $140,510 plus assumed liabilities of $10,210. The Seller held promissory note calls for two payments&#13;of $75,000 each of principle and interest. The first payment of principal only is due October 24, 2018 and the final payment is&#13;due April 24, 2019.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As part of the transaction, all of&#13;the employees of the Seller will be leased to GCC for a transitional period ending July 31, 2018 (or earlier date as may be agreed&#13;in writing between GCC and the Seller). In addition, on April 24, 2018, GCC entered into a three month advisory agreement (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;), with one of the Seller&amp;#8217;s executives (the &amp;#8220;Executive&amp;#8221;), on an independent contractor&#13;basis, to ensure continuity of the business and to continue to operate the business located in Wisconsin. After completion of the&#13;first three month term, the Advisory Agreement will automatically expire, subject to renewal by mutual agreement of the parties.&#13;Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, the Executive is entitled to cash compensation of $7,000 per month, as well as&#13;reimbursement by GCC of the Executive of up to $815 per month for health insurance benefits for the Executive paid by the seller.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has not yet completed&#13;its full analysis of the fair value of tangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed and the allocation of any excess acquisition&#13;cost over the fair value of the net tangible net assets acquired to any separately identifiable intangible assets. Pursuant to&#13;ASC No. 805-10-25, if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which&#13;the combination occurs, but during the allowed measurement period (which is not to exceed one year from the acquisition date),&#13;the Company retrospectively adjusts the provisional amounts recognized at the acquisition date by means of adjusting the amount&#13;recognized for goodwill.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 13.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;The following table summarizes the&#13;amounts of assets purchased:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;86,442&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,116,021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;221,283&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;28,913&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;99,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;245,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tradename&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;668,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;363,396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,828,055&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase of assets funded by:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,677,335&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liability assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10,210&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable to seller&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;140,510&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,828,055&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;u&gt;Pro Forma Results of Operations (unaudited)&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following pro forma results of operations&#13;for the twelve months ended October 31, 2018 and 2017 have been prepared as though the business acquisition had occurred as of&#13;October 31, 2017. This pro forma financial information is not indicative of the results of operations that the Company would have&#13;attained had the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor is the pro forma financial information indicative&#13;of the results of operations that may occur in the future:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Twelve Months Ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;October 31,&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 66%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;95,900,631&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 14%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;88,923,392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;940,437&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;523,577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;.09&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 13.5pt; text-indent: 22.5pt&gt;The following table summarizes the&#13;amounts of assets purchased:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;86,442&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,116,021&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;221,283&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;28,913&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-compete&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;99,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer lists&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;245,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tradename&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;668,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;363,396&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,828,055&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase of assets funded by:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,677,335&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Liability assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;10,210&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Note payable to seller&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;140,510&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,828,055&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following table summarizes&#13;the assets purchased and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following pro forma results of operations&#13;for the twelve months ended October 31, 2018 and 2017 have been prepared as though the business acquisition had occurred as of&#13;October 31, 2017. This pro forma financial information is not indicative of the results of operations that the Company would have&#13;attained had the acquisition occurred at the beginning of the periods presented, nor is the pro forma financial information indicative&#13;of the results of operations that may occur in the future:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING&#13;POLICIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;BASIS OF PRESENTATION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the accounts of the Company, Organic Products Trading Company, LLC (&amp;#8220;OPTCO&amp;#8221;), Sonofresco LLC (&amp;#8220;SONO&amp;#8221;),&#13;Comfort Foods, Inc. (&amp;#8220;CFI&amp;#8221;) and Generations Coffee Company, LLC (&amp;#8220;GCC&amp;#8221;). All significant inter-company&#13;balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) requires&#13;management to make estimates and assumptions that affect certain reported amounts and disclosures. Significant estimates include&#13;allowance for uncollectible accounts receivable and reserves, inventory obsolescence, depreciation, intangible asset valuations&#13;and useful lives, taxes, contingencies, and valuation of financial instruments. These estimates may be adjusted as more current&#13;information becomes available, and any adjustment could have a significant impact on recorded amounts.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CASH:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Cash consists primarily of unrestricted&#13;cash on deposit at financial institutions and brokerage firms.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREPAID GREEN COFFEE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Prepaid coffee is an item that emanates&#13;from OPTCO. The balance represents advance payments made by OPTCO to several coffee growing cooperatives for the purchase of green&#13;coffee. Interest is charged to the cooperatives for these advances. Interest earned was $6,868 and $19,430 for the years ended&#13;October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The prepaid coffee balance was $0 and $171,350 as of October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Trade accounts receivable are stated&#13;at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting&#13;from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the&#13;collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness, past transaction history with the customer, current economic&#13;industry trends, and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed&#13;individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#8217;s customers were to deteriorate, adversely affecting&#13;their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required. Based on management&amp;#8217;s assessment, the Company provides&#13;for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding&#13;after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit&#13;to accounts receivable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The reserve for sales discounts represents&#13;the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount&#13;of returns, slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from its customers. The allowances&#13;are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;65,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;65,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for other allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;35,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;35,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Reserve for sales discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;44,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;44,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;144,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;144,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories are stated at the lower&#13;of cost (First in, first out basis) or net realizable value, including provisions for obsolescence commensurate with known or estimated&#13;exposures. There are no reserves for obsolescence as of October 31, 2018 and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment are recorded&#13;at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. Purchases of machinery and&#13;equipment and additions and betterments which substantially extend the useful life of an asset are capitalized at cost. Expenditures&#13;which do not materially prolong the normal useful life of an asset are charged to operations as incurred. The Company also provides&#13;for amortization of leasehold improvements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMODITIES HELD BY BROKER: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The commodities held at broker represent&#13;the market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s trading account, which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage&#13;firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts, which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments, to partially&#13;hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts are recognized at fair value&#13;in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such positions. The Company&amp;#8217;s accounting&#13;for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has open position contracts&#13;held by the broker, which are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Option contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(39,926&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;166,945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17,880&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(377,807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities due to broker&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(22,046&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(210,862&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company classifies its options&#13;and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly, unrealized holding gains and losses are included in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;At October 31, 2018, the Company&#13;held 22 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 825,000 pounds of green coffee at&#13;a weighted average price of $1.11 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.13 per pound at&#13;that date. At October 31, 2018, the Company held 65 option covering an aggregate of 2,437,500 pounds of green coffee beans from&#13;$1.125 to $1.15 per pound. The fair market value of these options, which was obtained from observable market data of similar instruments&#13;was $52,594.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;At October 31, 2017, the Company&#13;held 145 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 5,437,500 pounds of green coffee&#13;at a weighted average price of $1.31 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.25 per pound&#13;at that date. At October 31, 2017, the Company did not have any options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;Included in cost of sales for the&#13;years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively, on these contracts&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year Ended October 31,&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross realized gains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;999,540&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1,655,269&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Gross realized (losses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(2,007,691&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(1,636,487&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Unrealized gains (losses)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;188,816&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(345,584&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(819,335&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(326,802&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND TRADEMARKS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has determined that its&#13;goodwill and trademarks, which consist of product lines, trade names and packaging designs have an indefinite useful life. The&#13;value of the goodwill and trademarks was allocated based on an independent valuation. Goodwill and trademarks are not amortized&#13;but are assigned to a specific reporting unit or asset class and tested for impairment at least annually or upon the occurrence&#13;of an event or when circumstances indicate that the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount of goodwill and trademarks is greater&#13;than its fair value. As of October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company has determined by using a qualitative assessment that an impairment&#13;did not exist. In 2011, the Company adopted Financial Accounting Standard ASB ASU 2011-08 Intangibles &amp;#8211; Goodwill and Other&#13;&amp;#8211; Testing Goodwill for Impairment, which allows an entity to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is&#13;necessary to perform the two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under this amendment, an entity would not be required&#13;to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit unless the entity determines, based on a qualitative assessment, that it is more&#13;likely than not that its fair value is less than its carrying amount. The amendment includes a number of events and circumstances&#13;for an entity to consider in conducting the qualitative assessment.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CUSTOMER LIST AND RELATIONSHIPS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Customer list and relationships&#13;consist of a specific customer lists and customer contracts obtained by the Company in the acquisition of OPTCO, Comfort&#13;Foods, Sonofresco and Steep &amp;#38; Brew which are being amortized on the straight-line method over their estimated useful life&#13;of twenty years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;ADVERTISING:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company expenses the cost of&#13;advertising and promotion as incurred. Advertising costs charged to operations totaled $366,665 and $243,658 for the years ended&#13;October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes&#13;pursuant to the asset and liability method which requires deferred income tax assets and liabilities to be computed for temporary&#13;differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities that will result in taxable or deductible amounts&#13;in the future based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable&#13;income. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.&#13;The income tax provision or benefit is the tax incurred for the period plus or minus the change during the period in deferred tax&#13;assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings per common share were&#13;computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common&#13;share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect&#13;of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The weighted average common shares&#13;outstanding used in the computation of basic and diluted earnings per share were 5,691,057 and 5,858,376 for the years ended October&#13;31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The carrying amounts of cash, accounts&#13;receivable, notes receivable, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair value because of the short-term nature of&#13;these instruments. The carrying amount of the bank line of credit borrowings approximates fair value because the debt is based&#13;on current rates at which the Company could borrow funds with similar remaining maturities. Fair value estimates are made at a&#13;specific point in time, based on relevant market information about the financial instruments when available. These estimates are&#13;subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore, cannot be determined with precision.&#13;Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUE RECOGNITION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes revenue in&#13;accordance with the authoritative guidance. Revenue is recognized at the point title and risk of ownership transfers to its customers&#13;upon the Company&amp;#8217;s shippers taking possession of the goods at the time of shipment because i) title passes in accordance&#13;with the terms of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase orders and with its agreements with its customers, ii) any risk of loss is covered&#13;by the Company&amp;#8217;s customers&amp;#8217; insurance, iii) there is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement, iv) the sales price&#13;is determinable and v) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Thus, revenue is recognized at the point of&#13;shipment to its customers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Returns: The Company does not accept&#13;returns for damaged goods on packaged coffee and usable green coffee, as the customer takes possession of our product at the point&#13;of shipment. In the event a customer claims receipt of damaged goods, the Company, acting as an agent on behalf of the customer,&#13;may file a claim for reimbursement with the shipper. The Company is not obligated or required to act as an agent on behalf of its&#13;customers, but may make the business decision to do so as a convenience to its customers. The shipper keeps the damaged product.&#13;The Company will then ship a completely new order to the customer once a claim has been filed and the Company receives reimbursement&#13;or credit from the shipper for the initial shipment. The Company does evaluate the need, if any, of an accrual for returns for&#13;damaged goods. To date, returns for damaged goods have been immaterial. The Company estimates that, based on historical trends,&#13;that future returns for damaged goods should also be immaterial.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In the event that the Company ships&#13;an incorrect order or has returns for short dated product, the Company will accept those two types of items back as returns. The&#13;amount for these two types of returns are estimated, accrued and recognized at the date of sale. These amounts are included in&#13;the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Slotting fees: Certain retailers&#13;require the payment of slotting fees in order to obtain space for the Company&amp;#8217;s products on the retailer&amp;#8217;s store shelves.&#13;The cost of these fees are estimated, accrued and recognized at the earlier of the date cash is paid or a liability to the retailer&#13;is created. The amounts are included in the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Sales discounts: The amount of sales&#13;discounts are estimated, accrued and recognized at the date of the sale. These amounts are included in the determination of net&#13;sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Volume-based incentives: These incentives&#13;typically involve rebates or refunds of a specific amount of cash consideration that are redeemable only if the reseller completes&#13;a specified cumulative level of sales transactions. Under incentive programs of this nature, the Company estimates and accrues&#13;the cost of the rebate when it is taken by the reseller. These amounts are included in the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Cooperative advertising: Under these&#13;arrangements, the Company will agree to reimburse the reseller for a portion of the costs incurred by the reseller to advertise&#13;and promote certain of the Company&amp;#8217;s products. The Company estimates, accrues and recognizes the cost of cooperative advertising&#13;programs in the period in which the advertising and promotional activity first takes place. The costs of these incentives are included&#13;in advertising expense.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND&#13;COSTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Revenue earned from shipping and&#13;handling fees is reflected in net sales. Costs associated with shipping product to customers aggregating approximately $3,144,000&#13;and $2,412,000 for the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, is included in selling and administrative expenses.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONCENTRATION OF RISK:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Financial instruments that potentially&#13;subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions and brokerage&#13;firms.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts at each institution are&#13;insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had&#13;approximately $2,800,000 and $176,000 in excess of FDIC insured limits, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The accounts at the brokerage firm&#13;contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500,000, with a limit of $100,000 for cash, by the Securities Investor&#13;Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had approximately $355,000 and $1,122,000 in excess of&#13;SIPC insured limits, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;See Note 10 for concentration of&#13;risks with respect to trade receivables and purchases from accounts payable vendors.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;OPERATING LEASES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has operating lease agreements&#13;for its corporate office and warehouses, some of which contain provisions for future rent increases or periods in which rent payments&#13;are abated. Operating leases which provide for lease payments that vary materially from the straight-line basis are adjusted for&#13;financial accounting purposes to reflect rental income or expense on the straight-line basis in accordance with the authoritative&#13;guidance issued by the FASB. The excess of straight-line rent over actual payments by the Company of $242,143 and $240,379 is presented&#13;as deferred rent payable as of October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;RECLASSIFICATION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Certain amounts in the prior year&#13;financial statements have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation. These reclassification adjustments had no effect&#13;on the Company&amp;#8217;s previously reported net income.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;EQUITY METHOD OF ACCOUNTING:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Investee companies that are not consolidated,&#13;but over which the Company exercises significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or&#13;not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including,&#13;among others, representation on the Investee company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and ownership level, which is generally a 20% to&#13;50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting, an Investee company&amp;#8217;s&#13;accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however,&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption &amp;#8220;Loss from equity&#13;method investments&amp;#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&amp;#8217;s carrying value in an equity method Investee&#13;company is reflected in the caption &amp;#8220;Equity method investments&amp;#8221; in the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 - PURCHASE OF BUSINESS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Pursuant to the terms of a Stock&#13;Purchase Agreement dated February 23, 2017, by and among the Company, Comfort Foods, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (&amp;#8220;CFI&amp;#8221;),&#13;Stephen J. Beattie (the &amp;#8220;Trustee&amp;#8221;), as trustee of the Stephen J. Beattie Revocable Trust of 2013 (the &amp;#8220;Trust&amp;#8221;)&#13;and Victor Janovich (together, with the Trustee on behalf of the Trust, the &amp;#8220;Sellers&amp;#8221;), the Company, acquired all of&#13;the outstanding capital stock of CFI. The transaction was accounted for as a business combination and was not a significant acquisition&#13;for the Company. The purpose of the transaction was to expand the Company&amp;#8217;s presence in the northeast. The Company purchased&#13;the shares of capital stock for a purchase price of $2,300,000 in cash, subject to the holdback of $25,000 for a six month period&#13;following the consummation of the transaction to secure the Sellers&amp;#8217; indemnification obligations. In addition, immediately&#13;following consummation of the transaction, the Company also paid all of the existing bank debt of CFI, totaling approximately $605,173.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;As part of the transaction, the employees&#13;of CFI remained employees of CFI, with the exception of Stephen Beattie, CFI&amp;#8217;s then Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Beattie&#13;entered into an advisory agreement (the &amp;#8220;Advisory Agreement&amp;#8221;) with CFI, dated as of February 23, 2017, pursuant to&#13;which Mr. Beattie agreed to provide services to CFI on an independent contractor basis, to ensure continuity of the business and&#13;its operations in Massachusetts. The initial term of the Advisory Agreement commenced on April 1, 2017 and was set to expire on&#13;December 31, 2017, unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Advisory Agreement. On September&#13;6, 2017, the Company terminated the Advisory Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, Mr. Beattie was paid $5,000&#13;per month.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;The following table summarizes&#13;the assets purchased and liabilities assumed:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 82%; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;584,918&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,116,906&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;32,681&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;229,597&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Customer List&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;170,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tradename&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;640,000&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Other intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;331,124&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;388,378&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Security deposit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;26,551&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: liabilities assumed&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(626,880&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net assets acquired:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,893,275&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Purchase of assets funded by:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 10pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Cash paid&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,893,275&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 - MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment at October&#13;31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Estimated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 48%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Improvements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15-30 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;210,085&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;202,285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Machinery and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;7,363,497&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;6,809,944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;1,028,454&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;985,008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;8,602,036&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;7,997,237&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less, accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;6,251,828&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5,557,899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2,350,208&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,439,338&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;OPERATING LEASES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In February 2004, the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in La Junta City, Colorado. This lease, which is at a monthly rental of $8,341 beginning&#13;January 2005, expires on January 31, 2024. Rent charged to operations amounted to $95,504 for the years ended October 31, 2018&#13;and 2017.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In October 2008, the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in Staten Island, NY. This lease, which is at a monthly rental beginning November 2008,&#13;expires on October 31, 2023 and includes annual rent increases. Rent charged to operations amounted to $143,171 for the years ended&#13;October 31, 2018 and 2017. The Company also uses a variety of independent, bonded commercial warehouses to store its green coffee&#13;beans.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.8in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In March 2015, the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office space in Vancouver, WA. This lease, which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1, 2015, expired on March&#13;31, 2017. The lease was extended, effective as of April 1, 2017 and expiring on March 31, 2019. Rent charged to operations amounted&#13;to $38,943 and $37,130 for the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In December 2016, the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in Burlington, WA. This lease, which is at a monthly rental beginning December 1, 2017,&#13;expired on December 31, 2018. The lease was extended, effective January 1, 2019 and expiring on December 31, 2019. Rent charged&#13;to operations amounted to $46,190 and $43,988 for the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In April 2017, the Company entered&#13;into a lease for office and warehouse space in North Andover, MA. This lease, which is at a monthly rental beginning April 1, 2017,&#13;expires on March 31, 2027 and includes charges for common areas and utilities. Rent charged to operations amounted to $233,750&#13;and $172,627 for the years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.8in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate minimum future lease&#13;payments as of October 31, 2018 for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;u&gt;October 31,&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;450,454&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;438,820&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;447,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;456,290&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;465,685&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Thereafter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;600,016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2,858,607&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;401 (K) RETIREMENT PLAN:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 4.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 - FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Fair value is the price that would&#13;be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement&#13;date, not adjusted for transaction costs. The guidance also establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation&#13;techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for&#13;identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3) as described below:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 Inputs &amp;#8211; Unadjusted&#13;quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that are accessible by the Company;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 Inputs &amp;#8211; Quoted prices&#13;in markets that are not active or financial instruments for which all significant inputs are observable, either directly or indirectly;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 Inputs &amp;#8211; Unobservable&#13;inputs for the asset or liability including significant assumptions of the Company and other market participants.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company determines fair values&#13;for its investment assets as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Investments at fair value consist&#13;of commodity securities and deferred compensation plan assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company maintains a deferred&#13;compensation plan. The fair value of the plan assets are classified within Level 1 as the assets are valued using quoted prices&#13;in active markets. The assets are included with Deposits and other assets in the accompanying balance sheets. Additional information&#13;related to the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred compensation plan is disclosed in Note 11.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s commodity securities&#13;are classified within Level 2 and include coffee futures and options contracts. To determine fair value, the Company utilizes the&#13;market approach valuation technique for the coffee futures and options contracts. The Company uses Level 2 inputs that are based&#13;on market data of similar instruments that are in observable markets. All commodities on the balance sheet are recorded at fair&#13;value with changes in fair value included in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The following tables present the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair&#13;value hierarchy.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements as of October 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Money market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities &amp;#8211; Futures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550,606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities &amp;#8211; Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;BASIS OF PRESENTATION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CASH:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;PREPAID GREEN COFFEE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Trade accounts receivable are stated&#13;at the amount the Company expects to collect. The Company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting&#13;from the inability of its customers to make required payments. Management considers the following factors when determining the&#13;collectability of specific customer accounts: customer credit-worthiness, past transaction history with the customer, current economic&#13;industry trends, and changes in customer payment terms. Past due balances over 60 days and other higher risk amounts are reviewed&#13;individually for collectability. If the financial condition of the Company&amp;#8217;s customers were to deteriorate, adversely affecting&#13;their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required. Based on management&amp;#8217;s assessment, the Company provides&#13;for estimated uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and a credit to a valuation allowance. Balances that remain outstanding&#13;after the Company has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit&#13;to accounts receivable.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The reserve for sales discounts represents&#13;the estimated discount that customers will take upon payment. The reserve for other allowances represents the estimated amount&#13;of returns, slotting fees and volume based discounts estimated to be incurred by the Company from its customers. The allowances&#13;are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;INVENTORIES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;MACHINERY AND EQUIPMENT:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;COMMODITIES HELD BY BROKER: &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The commodities held at broker represent&#13;the market value of the Company&amp;#8217;s trading account, which consists of option and future contracts for coffee held with a brokerage&#13;firm. The Company uses options and futures contracts, which are not designated or qualifying as hedging instruments, to partially&#13;hedge the effects of fluctuations in the price of green coffee beans. Options and futures contracts are recognized at fair value&#13;in the consolidated financial statements with current recognition of gains and losses on such positions. The Company&amp;#8217;s accounting&#13;for options and futures contracts may increase earnings volatility in any particular period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has open position contracts&#13;held by the broker, which are summarized as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Option contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(39,926&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;166,945&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;17,880&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(377,807&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities due to broker&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(22,046&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;$&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;(210,862&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;The Company classifies its options&#13;and future contracts as trading securities and accordingly, unrealized holding gains and losses are included in earnings.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;At October 31, 2018, the Company&#13;held 22 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 825,000 pounds of green coffee at&#13;a weighted average price of $1.11 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.13 per pound at&#13;that date. At October 31, 2018, the Company held 65 option covering an aggregate of 2,437,500 pounds of green coffee beans from&#13;$1.125 to $1.15 per pound. The fair market value of these options, which was obtained from observable market data of similar instruments&#13;was $52,594.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;At October 31, 2017, the Company&#13;held 145 futures contracts (generally with terms of three to four months) for the purchase of 5,437,500 pounds of green coffee&#13;at a weighted average price of $1.31 per pound. The fair market value of coffee applicable to such contracts was $1.25 per pound&#13;at that date. At October 31, 2017, the Company did not have any options.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;Included in cost of sales for the&#13;years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively, on these contracts&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;GOODWILL AND TRADEMARKS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CUSTOMER LIST AND RELATIONSHIPS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;ADVERTISING:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;INCOME TAXES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;EARNINGS PER SHARE:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Basic earnings per common share were&#13;computed by dividing net income by the sum of the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per common&#13;share is computed by dividing the net income by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding plus the dilutive effect&#13;of common shares issuable upon exercise of potential sources of dilution.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;REVENUE RECOGNITION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company recognizes revenue in&#13;accordance with the authoritative guidance. Revenue is recognized at the point title and risk of ownership transfers to its customers&#13;upon the Company&amp;#8217;s shippers taking possession of the goods at the time of shipment because i) title passes in accordance&#13;with the terms of the Company&amp;#8217;s purchase orders and with its agreements with its customers, ii) any risk of loss is covered&#13;by the Company&amp;#8217;s customers&amp;#8217; insurance, iii) there is persuasive evidence of a sales arrangement, iv) the sales price&#13;is determinable and v) collection of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Thus, revenue is recognized at the point of&#13;shipment to its customers.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Returns: The Company does not accept&#13;returns for damaged goods on packaged coffee and usable green coffee, as the customer takes possession of our product at the point&#13;of shipment. In the event a customer claims receipt of damaged goods, the Company, acting as an agent on behalf of the customer,&#13;may file a claim for reimbursement with the shipper. The Company is not obligated or required to act as an agent on behalf of its&#13;customers, but may make the business decision to do so as a convenience to its customers. The shipper keeps the damaged product.&#13;The Company will then ship a completely new order to the customer once a claim has been filed and the Company receives reimbursement&#13;or credit from the shipper for the initial shipment. The Company does evaluate the need, if any, of an accrual for returns for&#13;damaged goods. To date, returns for damaged goods have been immaterial. The Company estimates that, based on historical trends,&#13;that future returns for damaged goods should also be immaterial.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;In the event that the Company ships&#13;an incorrect order or has returns for short dated product, the Company will accept those two types of items back as returns. The&#13;amount for these two types of returns are estimated, accrued and recognized at the date of sale. These amounts are included in&#13;the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Slotting fees: Certain retailers&#13;require the payment of slotting fees in order to obtain space for the Company&amp;#8217;s products on the retailer&amp;#8217;s store shelves.&#13;The cost of these fees are estimated, accrued and recognized at the earlier of the date cash is paid or a liability to the retailer&#13;is created. The amounts are included in the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Sales discounts: The amount of sales&#13;discounts are estimated, accrued and recognized at the date of the sale. These amounts are included in the determination of net&#13;sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Volume-based incentives: These incentives&#13;typically involve rebates or refunds of a specific amount of cash consideration that are redeemable only if the reseller completes&#13;a specified cumulative level of sales transactions. Under incentive programs of this nature, the Company estimates and accrues&#13;the cost of the rebate when it is taken by the reseller. These amounts are included in the determination of net sales.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;SHIPPING AND HANDLING FEES AND&#13;COSTS:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;CONCENTRATION OF RISK:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Financial instruments that potentially&#13;subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits at financial institutions and brokerage&#13;firms.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Accounts at each institution are&#13;insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to certain limits. At October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had&#13;approximately $2,800,000 and $176,000 in excess of FDIC insured limits, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The accounts at the brokerage firm&#13;contain cash and securities. Balances are insured up to $500,000, with a limit of $100,000 for cash, by the Securities Investor&#13;Protection Corporation (SIPC). At October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company had approximately $355,000 and $1,122,000 in excess of&#13;SIPC insured limits, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;OPERATING LEASES:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;EQUITY METHOD OF ACCOUNTING:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Investee companies that are not consolidated,&#13;but over which the Company exercises significant influence, are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. Whether or&#13;not the Company exercises significant influence with respect to an Investee depends on an evaluation of several factors including,&#13;among others, representation on the Investee company&amp;#8217;s board of directors and ownership level, which is generally a 20% to&#13;50% interest in the voting securities of the Investee company. Under the equity method of accounting, an Investee company&amp;#8217;s&#13;accounts are not reflected within the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Income; however,&#13;the Company&amp;#8217;s share of the earnings or losses of the Investee company is reflected in the caption &amp;#8220;Loss from equity&#13;method investments&amp;#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company&amp;#8217;s carrying value in an equity method Investee&#13;company is reflected in the caption &amp;#8220;Equity method investments&amp;#8221; in the Company&amp;#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 38.9pt; text-align: justify&gt;Included in cost of sales for the&#13;years ended October 31, 2018 and 2017, the Company recorded realized and unrealized gains and losses respectively, on these contracts&#13;as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;Machinery and equipment at October&#13;31, 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Estimated &lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Useful Life&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;        &lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#8217;s provision for&#13;income taxes in 2018 and 2017 consisted of the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the difference&#13;between the expected income tax rate using the statutory U.S. federal tax rate and the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate is as&#13;follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The tax effects of the temporary&#13;differences that give rise to the deferred tax assets and liabilities as of October 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 1in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The aggregate minimum future lease&#13;payments as of October 31, 2018 for each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;The following tables present the&#13;Company&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis and are categorized using the fair&#13;value hierarchy.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=10 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements as of October 31, 2018&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 1&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 2&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Level 3&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Assets:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 40%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Money market&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 12%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities &amp;#8211; Futures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;550,606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532,726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17,880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Liabilities:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Commodities &amp;#8211; Options&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;Total Liabilities&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(39,926&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#8211;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;RECLASSIFICATION:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 0.5in; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_JVA_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityExTransitionPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTrademarks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_Noncompete'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepositsAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToCorrespondentBrokers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRentCreditNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_NoncompeteAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Revenues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OfficersCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsAttributableToNoncontrollingEntity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RecognitionOfDeferredRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Cash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=JVA_SteepAndBrewIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsAccountsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedNonCompete'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedCustomerLists'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedTradename'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsOtherAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedNotePayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedLiabilityAssumed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=JVA_ComfortFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsAccountsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedPrepaidExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedCustomerLists'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedOtherIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsOtherAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAssumedLiabilityAssumed'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfOperations'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessPurchaseDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_PrepaidGreenCoffeePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CommoditiesHeldByBrokerPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CustomerListAndRelationshipsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LessorLeasesPolicyTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsPolicy'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDueToFromBrokerDealersAndClearingOrganizationsTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRealizedGainLossTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionProFormaInformationTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_StockPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRecognizedIdentifiedAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

        <p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

<p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_ReservesForObsolescence'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeNumberOfInstrumentsHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_PurchaseOfFuturesContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FuturesContractsWeightedAveragePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairMarketValueOfFuturesContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashUninsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CashExcessOfSIPCInsuredLimits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StraightLineRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Investments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=JVA_HealthwiseGourmetCoffeesLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=JVA_BoardofDirectorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_EquityMethodInterestVotingSecuritiesOfInvesteeCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=JVA_GreenCoffeeBeansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_PurchaseOfFuturesContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairMarketValueOfOptionsObtained'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CashSIPCInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FuturesContractsWeightedAveragePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CashSIPCInsuredAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FuturesContractsWeightedAveragePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=JVA_ImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=JVA_ImprovementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeTermOfContract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_ReserveForOtherAllowances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_ReserveForSalesDiscounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_AllowanceReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenOptionContractsWrittenAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FutureContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_CommoditiesDueToBroker'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfCommodityContracts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=JVA_PackedCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=JVA_GreenCoffeeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=JVA_RoasterPartsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis=JVA_PackagingSuppliesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=JVA_CarusosCoffeeIncSteepAndBrewIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AssetPurchaseAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AdvisoryAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_AgreementTerm'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AdvisoryAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalariesAndWages'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AdvisoryAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_ReimbursementOfHealthInsuranceBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionAxis=JVA_CarusosCoffeeIncSteepAndBrewIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesCustomerLists'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibleAssetsOtherThanGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationNotesPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredGoodwillAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessAcquisitionsProFormaBasicAndDilutedEarningsPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_AmountHoldbackToSecureSellersIndemnificationObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentForAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=JVA_MrBeattieMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_AdvisoryAgreementTermObligationPaidPerMonth'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=JVA_ComfortFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfBankDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=JVA_ComfortFoodsIncMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsReceivables'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCurrentAssetsPrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedCustomerList'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedTradeNamesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedIntangibles'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedSecurityDeposit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationRecognizedIdentifiableAssetsAcquiredAndLiabilitiesAssumedNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationConsiderationTransferred1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_RangeAxis=srt_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=JVA_BankLineOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AmendedandRestatedLoanandSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AmendedandRestatedLoanandSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumAmountOutstandingDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AmendedandRestatedLoanandSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AmendedandRestatedLoanandSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_AmendedandRestatedLoanandSecurityAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_OrganicProductsTradingCompanyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentRedemptionPricePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_NewLoanModificationAgreementAndCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=JVA_NewLoanModificationAgreementAndCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityInterestRateDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationDescription'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_OtherPermanentDifferences'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_DeferredTaxAssetsAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnAvailableforSaleSecuritiesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsDeferredRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_DeferredTaxLiabilityIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_DeferredTaxLiabilityDeferredCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_DeferredTaxLiabilityDeferredRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_DeferredTaxLiabilityFixedAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralDiscussionOfPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_AggregateContributionOfRetirementPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=JVA_COMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=JVA_NYMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=JVA_VancouverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=JVA_BurlingtonMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_LeaseExtendedExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_StatementGeographicalAxis=JVA_NorthAndoverMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_FiveCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_FiveCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_FourCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_FourCustomersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_SixVendorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=JVA_FiveVendorsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=JVA_GenerationsCoffeeCompanyLLCMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareRepurchaseProgramAxis=JVA_TwoThousnadFifteenShareRepurchaseProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareRepurchaseProgramAxis=JVA_TwoThousandSeventeenShareRepurchaseProgramMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsAssetsCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsLiabilitiesCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsAssetsCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsLiabilitiesCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsAssetsCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsLiabilitiesCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeAssetsAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_JVA_FairValueMeasurementsLiabilitiesCommoditiesOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgeDerivativeLiabilitiesAtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'





P$



M^L/O*NQZ8W?V'QM?!-L&?MU%^P502P

M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F

Z263B?T'*=G

H4GLW!D? 1)

M&@_!S 
J 7
3OX+[S3%
2 5U^ 


YSXL%S0*)#'@
@&]Q


BYX;6R-F6]OXD80QK\*XGV/
MG9G]&R5(Q5752JUTNJKM:R=Q CK U':2Z[?OVA $
[.YO@';/+/[K'?VY_%R









3VP0


I2A$3@#9#N(P.+





L@R1HX
M616-'

\W[NA_
M**]=Z6PER=; V4H:








)<16]UU<AE?%*J?4P2N3OQFLD'T?)&OSF(KF9*=[MC(MN.L[T-JJL$ 9 G


@/):M&R(__)
MU:_VJ=.]9

M0\0KOE





-'-SRVF:49<I
M(0 TQ3?8 K;

MH*
MI;_H]KM[$$)QG1
\Z&PG?14;.Q4_*-
L=+OK[R-]1XEVN&LEXX5O]0]02P
$





&:F T0B1\T29:S

U(D(Q4ST@$C%04J4 ($S(B@ C&
5I1IIDI..WGM/V.6F?

Y%HPF@XP
M6AL800A=6!Q[AR!QT6BD,R@1K%0)5B0+!H84@+HF H&(#B(:L8(BH84&
M@%2Y9\!H.P);V



 Y00/07%[UP5(MN4A(+H2;? *I3_HNO<'A2* 0FE4Q<2





*HR\
M^[/C[AS]37:AK1/BB1#/AC[+R&9


O
3

M7KD60H-)








)_MP78!

[IE#BT3-I8T!=@$8UHJD(@IAAX$ETXYX- 
@RQ DJ7
M[CD!
FLLYR!WPP*(X4 PU@2HY6.24





M_P%02P






MPZ\/UU
S.&K7[7T_=-&4E]?VKEVOAYZ*CW_&3J?O

%^:







I.B.F9*EUD2DY@_TXZ
#V@
M

\X[


MUEA
*TO*DTJ&47



RY7V/T9#6E9/
M5HN1:C53?9)V LSE2F2?@![R:=4G2%
5:NQZM4
:6+.K+5139'6Q4A4.44M
MAJO5= UJ$P&Z^BS=:!'E6H9ANEJ$5U4J:7FD-D9M6( QZ&P)5-1)BPA A;

'I&*NF,()E)VRO%T0JCLM9:..$:0D[W(-2H0I2:#X5)@D@
E@








XM1U([6AE*' YK6T(G/X.




MKRT43FV/4IME)%T!A+(E4F6A D9  !6 )-;=*+H@%GQ&

M:&5E='

 S]*U%^P*5-N^NI J3K3=
F;5)UT[;/

M*!QRNJ6WP+-L6A\#K
]C$_)7R7
M



IHS!
M-(KT+XAW(7HMMH?[C%TCT91S&G/X





T65+AH.
DK[S+P-ZE\4W^P*=I?^2F%=J2


M
YX;6Q]4]N.TS 0_17+'[!NW;!451)INPB!!%*U'AVDTEBK2_!=IKE[QD[


M=+ R[T4+7R!\[2\.+;:PU%*#\=(:XJ IZ
/^=
YB? KX)F'TJS.)E5RM?8[&
MQ[J@NR@(%%0A

M1TIJ:
2@PI

/5L\L*$6+EVF7)NWC
D.Q7OT


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM



M+7P']Z

B^.NTQWW<;K9IS-M



M?H0DA[M_8K!51Q68-LZ2)14..L[QRKN

M$!WX5'8W?H Z_[T60T+CPO&3/YMIR;#83__'[9\XO(O4$L#!!0    ( ^'

MVV[;


]GRB9BO\.%Y 8'I1@CM)(%U=2]LX;-;&@%
5?QEWHN _C39I.L'5
M


M!*(IYCC&)
N8.8(A^YPB64MQ3-[!DW5XNJHPC?#T'X7[=8+=*L$N$NP^+'$M
MYO-_2=BBIPIL$Z?)D=+T.D[RPCL/[&T2W^0M?)SV']PV0CMR-AY?-O:_-L8#


5=UH+B[
3UHO&F

M'YGB0M
RC[ZS+7




C

VR-MH7P
;O^=F8;$3S


ME=3068D=
5#G]#8Y'-

MB:+RS\*)(C
X$C/UOA?AB9
#][TI@S.V(MYY\=9[+T7RB6?L$HCFF.

M2P3S[$L*OI7BR-_!^39\OZEP'^'[?Q3NMPG238(T$J3_+7$K)GV3A*UZJL$T




MVG2!;:#I

M(*]:&9_3-H3NR)@O6]#W]@.#-[4UFD1T'0-\YT#42605HQO-G=,VEHD27?

MC!\3)YU31N#R_



MQ.



IXG
M3CJG#
#E^97]/M:.M9RY@SLC?XO*MSG=4U)!S7OI'\WP %
]GRB9BO\&%Y 8
M'I1@CM)(%U=2]LX;-;&@%
5?QEWHN _C39I.L'5 

M

N8.8(A^YPB

M]#I.\L([#^QM$M_D7_@X[=^Y;81VY&P\OFSL?VV




_15!'U Y2MH%@6V@

F+DMIE

I A#+^3)QT
M3AF R_
K^T.L'6LYP=W1OYN2]]D=$])97HI7\RPR-
]5Q3
A7_#2X@
3PH
MP1R%D2ZNI.B=-VIB02E*O(Q[J^
^C#?7?(*M _@$X#-@'_.P
5%4?B^\R%-K






MYRS$QX!O$B:[.9-0R17Q.1@?ZX(F01 HJ%Q@$'Z[P2
H%8B\C!\+)UU3!N#V
M_




MQX7%@:W.)-0R=F8MV \E!E-@B04/C ('[P!U(&8A0QL^)D\XI W!Y_F#_
M&FO'6L[P9V1KVWIFXSN*2FA$KWT3V;X!E

MOLEG^#CMWX6M6^W(V7A\V=C_RA@/*6YPA%J\(/-AH3*A^,-GNTX9J/A33?]
M(#9_X_PW4$L#!!0    ( ^'/4[:


W*MI1-5+52*ZU2M7EF


5NVH(6]

]@9$%4E:

Q/7Y5?U+K-W7



M]Z8



5MUH(6]P0%Z

#@9$'4%:


M3$(E%\278'RJWH(@D!!Y0*#\-L5'DI0.1E_%@XZ9HR +?G-_8/L79?RT58


3GJ%#9N))JM [UPN*E








V/M.A=.]MSWI@C.V(IX
MY\5;[SWG/+E,V3D033&',88O8I(Y@GGV.05?2W'@'^!\';Y=5;B-\.T_J_6

SGB=G=6NKE*]Z9
0)GJOJT:OXY
Q[7V2Z-U)U%S?R58T]LM!


_V2=E5
K+LRUHTNI1-I
1A'3^P^RUE78!#


M/]@_N^1M

745EX=Q*K

M!D5F$X+

\D&@0)4Q
M[&J6 0J_SB H4&@
FY\!9V=^J4%0H-88]C^;FILM)XT4=( L5&^X!3!@\$D3
M0* \T
X8;@


6#TO?!T$FF$=POV




-\;T!T)TT8!@^D;VT-F32BK!C#55372O@)4^


FZK;3ZR-[5'?2964!FPJT8TMN+%/Q6)PJ(S;
MWMJ]F@9F


  !D

Y


_&6VQ1J:2&SDKLB($Z
MI_?[XRD-^ CX*6&TJS




?D$PK[Z$X%LA






;5@D#HK$ 8+D2B2$




YR9

MZW#6SB-KE;H7($VO)-+0%/@^/9XRCP^ ;SU
9F
CW\E%J1?O?*P+G'A!P*&R


M:OH 2S\91DOSG^ *W



M.YX;6QM4]MNW 0_17$!X0UZURZLBUE$T6MU$JK5$V?67MLHX!Q :_3O^^
M'==-_0+



V'(&S54PVVB=/D2&F&+D[RRKL
[#V/;_(7/DW[-V$;V3ER
M-AY?-O:_-L8#IK*[PA%J\8
MAH+:A^
MGNTT9I/A33__(+9\X^(/4$L#!!0





MDSI6 5_P/SM3LI:9&8I&@&M;F2+%)0IOEL=CCN']X#'!@:]V-7R5G*9V?\

M


M]5XRNM\GY.*()LQQQ- %9C4CB&6?)6A(XD@_A=-P^#J8X=J'KY?JM[=A@DV0
M8.
)-O^5&%^5&
O3OJ;]<'?)S;WTQ53:O161I[1_U-*J4T8%.);FS!M7TJ
M9H-#:=QV;_=J')C1





S\




M:=R5;2F;J&JE5EJE:OO


ME-0VIZUS_9$Q6[:@A+W!'K2_J=$HX;QI&F9[ Z**)49W^T^,4Z38LL^LZF


M)XK
X$C

*^^


R^I;

JJR)JV6!W]^EKI;-\W*G*?



M(ZOUMLS_.N^;TVJ1++R]/F2WO/E2WG_18T#APANC_TU_ZKR%=TS:
79E7O?_

!Q$8A_0=!+
.Q(ACP$0]YC+$(1+$!A6
M2@.)
)D D@DL


MB=H_(Z^V 





'IGN-V_=JN ,:DUY



S+GAM;(64VXZ;

EHU$JM%$W5

)9E

HV

.L)..7H<[#;

=(8?T9/-&UI&N?S



1GTABA29
MX+TGAI?5$?--!+M(/\S2+-IG9^_IM%*O7HLH3#)\-4:CYGG0A#--N%3L[Q71
M9I)@#3!1A$Z*T/9'L_Y@Z[L-(J=!9 WB18QT%6/0I%;36DV:^+Z_BO)(M8)
MG3Q V:S@ADTR6R;R 'S2+6 29PPB0-FNX))[K:)XWN81ZH%3.J$21TPGU8P

MNM%S





FLIC.8I[(?H^C

M5G;Q^Y@[ 7K[FS!?^.\




M^QW8!D
B@G2AJEJIE:*KKGUVB!/0&4QM)US_OK8A' =N7V)[F9F=7? FZ[EX



4:@1)W!N0L ED^FAM
M0[= Y!2(K$#TH0OQH@L#!EM

E9FF^B]&;6<%\&X=Q,/TCY'\!4$L#!!0    ( ^'/4XF9Z^Q.P(  .4&

V+GAM;(U5[VZ;

M8*M&::-FF3HD[K/CN)$U !


.J-BQR



MFAO?\;JV2L;'GU$TG-YIB?/^F_H7%]Z$.3#%=Z+^79UTN0UI&)SXF5UK_23Z
MKWP
1

H]@^-5:=&
*L9*PUZ'MFI=VP\KA(XT/P&-

7]3/3K
BEZ 

M$$;)PHP'F& 8D13Y+6&O);RVA#._0.P5B._(-&#(SI&-(E)M(BTQB$4F_Q

^.4D2_'R

:/9@]*LV=
PUJ?M:V
MFYJ^' KO


4?/T!5$FD

MVG@Q&_KNN\5
'75=M?*^B_ICTY3=WSM9J]
\)O%KQT.UVVO;D2QFAW(G?TC]



M.-K(;7FL]8

E*9\&9]5



W0'+^$%G\ U!+ P04





M_0;[BS:J&JQ85RKQTC^+VCUO_1L.@QJN0 8%

9BYXLL!

-I*B!U#
 $P-]1+U




Y+GAM;'U4[8Z;
!!\



MS(8O

^LPZM]I;@(:

&XP
MR]PL5
@-@+Q!P/1H@L6DQI

MVR6/EN(PGO7.&GJ$)0@GZW^T.'7:21UV\


HM

$S@S


)&SJR1M!R?NB2NEF/\Y F'#P0_]S\!+6S=2!U1][B&




B]4]%;$

M)HH#_;B%-DZAC4






MS*U9M'MGW^EHI5X]KQ!B^1L##F9AUX&CF3 ()%HZP,AA /T%.? #:^!K
M!!0
 EG];*2?IY

M23R]3#YR-=94B8@X

 P&6*PZ BHH&(*CP0@IC
)!H)
M8D@ 





$




+(V;K



RYX
M;6R-EFUOFS 0Q[\*X@
4/_%4)9&:3-
F;5+5:=MK-W$25
#
=I+NV\\82JE]
M2'L3;.=_=[^SX7RKFU0O^BR$B5Z;NM7K^&Q
<H5<.-
MG:I3HCLE^

WG(_?O']V

M-]I?M)'-Z


M\
%(D

M*-2516HW$N;)0)X
X/'B;+


42].
GL=FN$.KE&0$=[

MCJ8?YG:LA@YAF!C9C=U/
K5@FW]02P


 
GZ=Y^-E#6P#%M/@1
SCWW7N
?.(N+K)[K


P%;[4H^4'\







MS!.


[PWNR^SX?[.JT-:U
Z35'HC

M+GAM;'V5[VZ;




]22^-Q7_':Y E5R3J#U.C KSZ9TN0K)V2E$H



M5.SO%7$V2YG$DC)VED_/&-/UROW0&Q

$[MU^WM9A'&P_@]T








YY2&N-\_![]LZU=


-98 R



G2<..R@R)'HOA]A@FBO?CQ9A,M_/Z+U!+ P04      OASU.

R$8@N;G1+&3.!-
:?
68X36F


M)?6RI!X6YSAMTP4+B&'L;NAN*8


MEKU=SIPKJN/%#WHK*OU 30U&S\I4

$%


/?4[C;F:LNBUD]MU%VK2K7_]KHT]VV


U^\+E^9O[
MYZ%YU\RSZG1NRC_%T5ZVL8BCHSZI:VE_F/L7/364QM'4_3=]TZ63]R3N&@=3

I(-K7Y2

MF40
AF$@# -@
@]FU*2+RW#DB_)0A*F0G
(P*0B3 C#@TE#&)X2YM$ 3BLD
M'3A (GT2'C8


DIEQ@2

MHGX\H9!(

!2\[6U@^&HQ


0;RF/MY
M/(F6N2\$02181*&.$\F%CY0L/L#]CNB[:L]%W47/QKIO^?#%/1ECM?-$#Z[!






&@%LBCXE$$

*B/


MMZIW#X'8B!D@V T08 ?#Z@6#JA 6!\0N'@CB(QL-00[ @(L@8VX*((] 4TP
MA14$8B/6@V!;0) O#/( H'BL)+ QHG.@(:;/HA0[-MS!
!(/#IPV!P0X [Q
MV/\_[ YX@CLL(5,1_+ [HGN(

[+@SZM








$%     @






M@O\N]_JT]#/?V[

M6PVUAP+/([.8A9UT:^?^F6R5F;VLXAE9!!=+U&

M(_/PO8-\C(A2V$
$)A$Y^_A=$@E
$(
$
40WJTA
E@)P1T0D8$.$[NG'28

4H-C6.'Q@[R 0B2?\P)+#
M8\T1-$4!BPX_HCH -'G.

[;JR\-)P6'H:5A\?2(VCB)L*P]O #









\


MJC??MG

MRJT\S/W4][9T1XZ5?&'GK]0&A'W/1O^=GFBEX%J)\K%AE3#_WN8H)*NM%26E
M)F_=M6S



Z!&!
M2*9IPRF\4BNITTWJ<(-&19M.
M:R4TOU'AWL9=


MH )FX3=OY^Y%7V

8EK]I<





S#['_NCA1#B((Z:U(3;C
W2 I











]K+J17P^C9YVZP4NVH_7\V05



MVF5;6$[J+T'0R%*7])GL)=YDI9


YI$VVCX]8P 9 LK2




Z!Z4U,H=,'M9_J#95JM!DV@





M[]%E
?Z?=^.;68G^



6[SE\D

AM



_\(ET&)6FB8HK4)Y)NA-5H^AFIGB_&M
($V'#Z_HELJOH3LM%






.LHG

%Q.; M^\@\TNBQV6





-#N'P=/_DTW!X=PHT3\9FYC&#(K<C
M7(Q5^!78'6A+*\T42&'=\&ZP-(8M1_8KHI1O#T?
M!:$G&Z9@*6'C
J^
F9L

3_S0=CV_$^8]Z)%MN(L=C?!ED4+1BNHJ0

M^EW))VL

=NJ=HL^)]E6C5XC:'7J
M2'NPQ*-'%W$S\Z?CT7CR!8
YY\3[*VXF4#5QL847LG;.U.?(9]2EYNSUE)ON
M:#(^IJ0C7\GLC
?2W 'ZK;IG[+F

ML

M%8^C5Z %1_'&





O$2D*R1+4 G@^F36W#)K%+9#

MNF]/6OQPJ_AH_IPD09W_XU$H%K^F$M?-O]!K?'-_.R5CQDI7M^2)+_($IA&E




M?4#KB-H(3J$S_T3%(?XZ8U#O?#5Q3.G*6B3*\ CPB0;.F8/GV!_1D3G];T
MM-S-MV+Q*1
9K)^Y4?FU^AR!GE7S;_=-6-\Z






 .L



_R^.SSR=B?
MTWX]S3K(?6DX28&#N&GER5IHS'!HF_&J*F]W0A8__I1BUE?N:Q_\P6 0=-JD

MX.?M3M#IM^%A+LP!?MUO#()6J\/
N]7L K]'YOWI]O;BU\G5%2G2]]/AQ?AZ
M./UE=EZ07









M@+8^)5\VJ1ESCQ&LO'


MQ

B





62JMTCO(
M+^'DZG_97CU0/E&DF(_O (F.KN?/FL0'AH3@_(5)E)H+FJYZ 
)=O(Q1T*
MCT$GL0N@;;7D
9J'NTS;
-D+B
0S5(; -B)6!1**#=%\[DR9QD[.PV()B/^8


M/JK\Y](D).:R.HFHF)


M*MCKZ?C+^ :NPW0\NOUT


MUUP.'K


MSOY7


M27B( :%2ZSCD)+98]3=!&4+91@D#F !D?=BY.]JUJ:;[A!R\ ('3U$6\DG




M


:W]PS



M3?@(\'%?S9N_6E:F$UI+W^IL.%4TA5$NKDPG*!CXF$D=L]+Y^=+QIWBY'SH\
MP4#E8M(


MAB(@2]B!HQ-

M1+F0

M5(:.TKI






9LM<H*P)6T6A*Y81'CV#AO]Y6CG.NL.IZH=?#@1M32.Z




;:!I+N/I5VT$W&AY8[]DR2L.@Y#+
]W!BJ2@RV?+!&F51L(7+

=*N

O]$Y!3.S9LM_)#QE<QLW[
3.PL)C

1VI3IX5/Y5


*BFJBDP
M*R7E='/KZ5






P#4@Q
'_(4

?DR:KHLX;
2LPA\[K




]3_EB^$)P'




M[L&A7S



MI:L=S)*P)2DS DM

X N2,<Q*IQV<W$9C[5IR/9GQ;W1VJE=L!
PJT4NT7?-S&6A^F:$4SC

[S-I?&M+.#=X3*Z%2:!:R?&
MAQYCST:-4K5ZZ\1K@2K.^VJ;Y@QTI0*@^O/8%(
ET_T!9J5-PMOQ@LEX!G$

RY/8LR

MXPIU9Q7D96B$7
\E1HY7M.$-9R-R:O7KZ(




N:L0*82DG.O9%JW4OOB([C%;K^







MX1IX'5A/.V15N$CU9(6&WH&'MC@&\QE^'O-_QC!C8PC1P._3[&*T-*_J;D
M_4ZK\L41IM&WA#$NZ7U\$E;3*HZL6XSC&K_$J
2C0QTD+LCUDVWR3&D5@0DY
MWJMOY\&(Z ^LS:H.I\34

%7ZW+!'@9+Z+B=GE8GN'=8
M[E)R*MA13JV9K1;F\$VDQ27:I98H30B:3Z;'$:07=J740J57.8UMK9#''!7

6G2U@0.
M?#R'!DY-B% -8:HR.6QDFB.$(H$@

M8K1P/1+T


OFTFKLV4$1'/@=;M4^

]]OM1#BH6W95WT$ONU[
M COQIKL*-[M!I]/PKH!
SDL=&B==[.?1K_NGWDW1 R$&VJ 5-'OO
,9I@*5Y=E<[A<X@2.FER/'*!?VA8=QVJ$(7-%^WQ:&F
MRX*G.+@F*M]MPPEY\<0\8%H60^4YO?W6-Q6XS/OC5V.=0S_@8']KQ#8WQAE
M3HE
HW

MPJCBA
;(ZBV)-- -FIT&NBM\
'PZ/;A; W)@M#KUH%GOTWUKM[!'3Q]A?
R+


4/$33VEPQ5O&GY]&DD_U:LD9(- \^1AN9Y$P=$I/U_4E7$
MRO&]RW#.WJ_*$=43KO(%*F&ZY'HRB4Y]1
U5F8_JSU9P1W=ETLSX)#[U5)!M

A;PTA8S3J6Z6'D2XI/ V=9:IQ+_;W;A%=GPAX\=Z)
M&2,1:PE#K,E)P AEVBF;Z74(L@^=BY1-XDR,7]+3\DIB8V3;HY6\Y1*F!H

M6+?7#
O^QI6/CB;?9^[Q




48[BYP]


JM+G*&3TYZ]5E\C7NA.=3


M55A@H



M4=U6VV]U@AX








MCK'C8;*LU/_A:H_0


W_O=O2?K5_
L?$0#4















EH_4]]Z-)?:]9^H%&R-

]0/20I
MGJREX$(U2B:&'^BX#I6ZZ([.NGY/IWG^X?+W]'I@#I/HRU*7[O9P;XG*O&





4UJD/Y#KA'Q'I/U3IS0

-]V3JM9@3JS6?C_H- ?Y
M0R_/BK#ON.8=



MR_




KRN=HG.JX

3P966D'^F+9MTB5 CB@$5BCNW&*M.UB




M3%A
4DKT

M\6OY+^Z(/A_UMTNA)5!2$2B!_R

8X53_I? ;M78GN;CX7LGOWK?)O1_99#$O]'^/V62U]D:W&PS:

M8/['W\HL@




$&*&?(\S2UFS^Y9C

P0_NIN


#Q['YR/;Q757.

M=*0[MPI]/ZPI]$2)39RHLHJP!



M16C

6Y [HUB5$E!5VH

 DX6':J(


MHX]I\I4; #W%Z:KX;068Q0U%^









4/MXJ/YL^I

M^6Y
1\N3B3)9MV;4*KGC$40O!W#S[1F!HJRB[4NR


M#DH




MA@) (6[ @KHA6M8CP5)32(^:U^$3[



M13X&:\JVDUY[L[W+/)U*-
%XF1W?MN01R27Z@! Z0;W-0YX@U&V_V_1/W?IB
M%=3+?
8V-WZ0PB4)S37+Q7@99AS^@-E:.X
E\R)I8(53=T*F3KQJ6




M/



MTY0U3@U[5+6A



M











I4ON&
A^
M2:_P%J8$$I&2=AM]1\0@-ILWR38B![N?@84]9Y\]CY=(CG_!9G;&]NP9[3*3



ME(F'WJ1:*-5H(S._LZ!*L#


2[!R9L_\5#&M1SV3OY#S8


M$



MO#:WA%UD@L&HZ+@@)%6=C0AT]3TCT0D\%2QUT
8ROJ\JT
:X' SWEF12^
M'R(-);</D$?E7#V9ZQ?*GSSC:QP3APRLG
9UOS& Y+&V[U\TSIT&CURK0VR

M


MT3!JH/4U[T5]C=E[IEI]\.0=ZJ-H298EDLC*'@(UEE* 
D4(.=M95UYU$Q3$#W3AL?4)R^V
M-M14[/)B

-6XX9&+I&CV$LI5$MPS'BQWTU


3#%12K=5PV8+
M8Q^E[.K




MQ0$D


M^3:;Z^]^@W:2 N8A9HXOS;[DPOIX09OM)@BEE@@D;

MZJC![ZH-G48J

M'+'LX10;Y?S@F

MBC%


M0/
RA5FK%W]@

1
M$7),0/C/B&+QN!,(:!@-/A<3V!V'-S*5R&(0#VEW))^\J&<=DNLP4HS&DX
M5WXISVT8$_2[G%/P8=#9FTYP'$S#VJVOB'





&*8;'U9L



KIQU 37K^P%V
MQSJ$54,PY+M9VL!O^8/E5_5__=KZD-9@'?=SS?9+9ACEH5Z!N$31S-1D
?


+$09T

<:'7^HYOBDE9*G@I5X:@/8LA;JIP/<@;9';BJQ
M-#!3C12'5AN-V1X

@EZWY[=1A^@U/-4F2(\Y@/
!R_6D@;9#!R];?L0.
ML/MN!U71#MRT!IQ%#WX\:?1!5^V!PN]-3/F0I, .VHT8!Y-G#.:Q(/NOFT?
MZ]:_9LO]*4RC4-5'IA=(R67L(/*:BBO/KB?354]6A1-%OVSHJG[(W;Y4)O5
!WD2NU!K1?#;2-A<6
M0%R%U,7-KBH[@6-M@\F =ARJQ0,XAK%IR*=F)#588'JW47<N.5QX-#YC:!$
M

$M-E
;\+XJC5TEQX&.=
M+BI:P.@&];9MC).;LDLE3@WL+=YMF8$IQ-4%B0JBM[P36*
J#
M.C5U:&.V1=DZEDYG@'X?+^)Q-P%=:C;+[CQT+\5JXXZ'/TPZ-+':0K2L5J<



MP!LER8A%9Q.G??DZ[:LL\B%1[OR?BK%TWXZE5SJLJG(- BO+!0X&LR)A
_-O

7.FWFV


X6#/\MJ=Q_9-.^)QAU\ ?CI'S/]
MNS19Q5F&/C0$Z E




Q'@+UA7P3[@
MMBR#W
D(*X-!SC\DV37[UW6I<G$JO2%%7TNI

'O(M4KT-4YEK
8LLUO0Y[\*N^*G@%
MVKF7EB2CM&NM$J\G

M

M@OJZE[Y9*BF\ZL5ZK5
\D9OHE9=RG2R
FF660ADDO&&7X9PU]FK?=4I*(]V0

$S-



6F&IU
M'FM!_:U*82UHYX?36

:698GZ)5FB1[V7RQL]



![8M!O3'=M'ENXTYCP\A$7]


/%OZ2D=VCU6:9O$6$@Y5P[:044L8D[799;])L[J+'4DSOC2B+



L=V%9W
ML





SMG

OT]L@P?DB]\D_Q'W ?724@?] J5Q

JV'IY;()-
*J3-!AEMD46:1Q^.O&?W



7)*2BF(TS!D



W]DINF)_N]%1XMQU&K


M9:=1Y=SF:C2R124:;O_0&Z'@RDJ;ACLX-.N1W1C!2UL)X9IZE(S'DU'#I8H^


M3=_??



8WV11A7);M1#FC8K=I5




M89$QM

MS$(Y]5IH8#-U./7(

MB[EA_F/W6UF6^XWN55O7UW#N;_5%\^[_(KZ._1]Q/OP4$L#!!0    ( ^'


MVLUNVD 4AN%;0;Z #.=G2%*%K++)MND-6#!@%+ MSU1-[KX.FSI2XJ\+]+'!



MZVU ;^/K[4!OY^OM0&_GZ^U ;^?K[4!OO\)9-SKLYNOM0&_GZ^U ;^?K[4!O







MGKHULSK?Z#4Q
9E

M%




MP    !





              ( !MP(  'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ +X<]3OL'


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      O



M;6Q02P$% ,4      OASU.E+O6:;0!  #2 P  &0              @ %I


BYX;6Q02P$% ,4
M  OASU.
+E2[K






O


SRVM0$  -(#   9                9T[  !X;]W;W)K




2YX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4      OASU.FDY/L+4!  #2 P  &0              @ %T/P











M970S
YX;6Q02P$% 

M971S+W-H965T

M% 


S4N







M:&5E='


M 0(4 Q0    ( ^'/4YS_F@MJP(  $4)   9                5]L  !X

4      OASU.TYAE:+4  .0  &0








4      OASU.^*D$X$P    !P  &0



M;6Q02P$% ,4      OASU.K%RYR8-L  #0?P$ %               @ '8

M   ( ^'/4X*R?[.=00   PD   /                ? ! 0!X;]W;W)K
M8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 
4      OASU.KWLMO
!  #G(   &@




M@Z

MW7Q0CHY*C/LG\9T@_'9[D8[[%



MM


MN8@



 QCB@P&JMHVSZ]#7BQV[\FGZ;?N\Z^
O0!9E+@22YS168
MZU_\_=WO('RT5JL+8NW7#Y

MIEX#

MSKXCJ;
!)/&-^&N01'$P^NO&'GPG3I\*DZ]D]$#K:$O8TGR.+2NM.?' #F
MQ]AS!V[




G@FN-#H

M
H [79R:_N/?K\

)#T04



AG*T3SI95
M2$





M'LAU@\4UYR=7W-!

MX:
V&]+6U!?^.(FC2\LIQT&0:5+^_2:?OP#YK&!6%[I0O,)RG-0
M<:@JKP)1Z U13*B(0K/:(AB A6'2A2+8_Z? CMT@N%G-R2#^&#<H[F5EHL6

M.]LCT2V&.!)R10Z%

J$F2NWP%T1@AE]:@HWH+'KJI+X=$_CMT[BRW1Y;DA\


HBC^]!V7/^1R\O#



M8QG7T5A_#Z6&RO:9RO+'43*YK.LXJD8!E=YXN Q\)_!IG]4'V_]^#9H#'K\%
M:K^\^'1]VQ#:
H16!;8_[=U'SR*




MP5W0@WMI0MT&=A23\ ; VW


M*9BU8)BQY





M

MOQE7@']F# ?%02A!'H:/(^Y(;MH (LNJV


M-34!M



M1Z6C(//!
@W=T4A4V[N^BNC
B6KEMFJ[
JQ-?#H3L@881%B^'W:;=N28QV

MNQYB

M@JHXTSM@@VJE(;@*_ O&&K$QI'1 2DDH6/F;N!59FL]+;9M;0EP



ME\03V2UE*6EVYI0FG7LMF+D&0!=NZYP4+VMI0/]!W







M0KRBV5 ;P$*JW]BO^ (:QH-!F!#GTK4?7 \
DWI$M]'3@:K+Z)=YD*QO/=5I
MWK2L^31?SX+ 9PDB-YYY-6=90T_3NG



MCZ2LCIDO5U 9T!F4RZ\(U



M3BZ2EQ53.X=O2HM(6G0O7VYO8J0I86=C!['K898M4GJN__;BCV
EBE\]\MN[
MD1T^NOZ)TAK'[_[[



#UL 3I[-/[X7UJGM99YV3_'INO/AH#5%%#^


@5

MBZ\\A/ 70






+J0$43:&-@O$M(=B\:@9X?N@.LJ?
*W

#

S

M

M;?&%8PK%+)0E_AB#5!&2G6R8X)PN0
;A 8I[!IKNM1@'V!YU5)@%AL2)*:4@


XC3A?T(0#_G-2,!HY%KO4#
M:9H44, ?&E.;V#L#T+4J4-1

#\H3DS1G/



J(/3F)#;3Z]2 .L#.0H:D*;BXUGQ$6W'5&HM0B
MY$S.G& @P)US@V-VIHWQ!+ _ 4*

B5]PQ%OR C
MODPD+%I_[
P9@J_WB$T&L!^;@BG+C )K @SZO[W34W3Q=8L!'SPP\-FP:-VX
M3G[?9+!A2

M!!;Y2(


I=*BK V*HNM51VV9K98!6QM]:,?_35MLJWI;5[M:

MY6NA=;:Z.43/=VDHP@.W;RN6]2([N/8!:[&(-)#RIMKK&OOME^SC'FAJNV.H

%6]JZE:
MJU.;0%@.^SNWAU5]JO5NF-8!2[6EFEV]OMV9+S



FYMT]
@?:


M]7JJR?


6
V=!Q*_X
TH_ F%UBFM1!2048K2&)@T=6;PD\D@33 Y5O

M-[.^MGRS^QZ$ELTJ3@FQETE#E&85
?:VTT Z/4/5C=[*X#1I($5FEJ9:G:J7

M*SOJ+@0T5N&/
VJ&4W= F.%8/NSQ 

SI'%5
M\0FE]^%2Z;IO


Q*V?=53
M-P&G-LWN%CK1+X=U=2KUX[94?K=!6-HT(UI4G:#]&/Z/V_:=-K=U1#;-Z
$EVQ&K+<@PH/:;GUBE;[&SRE2/G!:JM6









M9D1+EQ3C
X#%X:@4A@*
SKC?&4KUG.



^\-HM4(F?(
DZ=)N]!!6JJCPD
25GSQVYC]4MO5
M8 V$533*8KFP_#8*08YL_(3+KVLU3-_&^VGXC+V%QQ
+@YQRC _H/$LVEE
M=4#

O3PCCA3

R(@3Q8D=)
MR%==XA(ZPUKZ'I5.;&;&W?8$ZN123PC;3UI+[5J=]7'Q A;:/A.?SK_%KW(+

MM($]!K3&/[!

YD-7@(:&^?;FH?A@
!X+NV


_AD@*IS]?I4FKR E!R(84B2A[06D1RE

M\ 37! 7E*YA$:& /T;8;ND*EF+/A*L*P8%@)A=-P
\LSA5R9[4;HGP?9UU!
M9-1!8?
\


35]?V9HFG*D7+6O[ZZ_GK15SZ?W9Q=?3Z[ZO_S9+W!B7V+
MDXQ!)?V@KA*H
KWSL[#UOB*22,;)?8+J$VP[$(@88=9R$.DY@&,#&0(9L%








ML1*_

4PKT%ZJM9J41U


CX$H0.1HGHLZNCY5_@
C/:@\)B!0/=='


E=N6I9IZ;Y(M



M!WZ
$DS= =LE2UX34([L5WFZ9(R/_:0K(]?SN%&%CZ-_&]O
^ =S8T2/6U'Q
M


=!

MEX6X61AK L998
CTCK49



M JA
DI(X03SX@7\D?1.E-TO23YUPDK#:


]1+ =2]J<XO7=-70NJK1*TONZ!65B'9V\.T.?4_X#
MZ/.A=UNJ9E6WL?:78E&?F5K9[M/;EZ]KJ!./YI#]2*L-L-S3IK1:A8Y-(.5-


^@UZ@*Z[?P5T(WXI?0TDZ

M8?= Q8D1+=J4'B2)HB
(5)K!3%

WEU
M% R/DHBO)DNW1F




M
K1QVR!+ $EKPME86U'EL*L\XX_) S1T0T0#NW
M

MYH^;F^)/W$6-
L9




MSAVS4C449*Q+1I
!;2Q;[8Z08P0Z(KP5-9%&G);;8-H@5SIUJAZO7(0 [W!Z
M)!:5$6.YT#%-KL9*TF

M
0DDRWQ/RWV(E
/U%




M4.\J9])93?=DADPO(\2W$4 ALI6(58#GYYSL9+EZ=._9 S.R
'ML(=!VJO

M3A(C=US=1U@=G&I$MKK[)VJ?YL:AM8MI26J98=Q



.$_T*T6
M-\(0Q:*)QGRNYE&QAPQX*@-9.%HB.02':2KI;0S-3@

8
M8K& M&V( )G1D)A&V'M(53]82
+VN2N?

M+M





M@WN1W78+G

S/!)8;(NB(;<LK$*O8G1O% QJ]<EEYMOQDX708
MN^#B+2<^2=-/:7=&'84:OC/WT).+B]RP''I6=D$&'^70$87C(VDH1OG4:2F

HH37)^F?%2YPKPY

M*
L')=/$.Z$1# 


+J:0
MB)R:%#X13Q*







F3/92LV7V:.!QWQ^

1-<MH@@C_H)PX_0^
]:5DW9B9?

T'L'\H6_ \

M'JH0L*='1+FE%!K



@L90GO
TW&E!C^
J V:?O8

^.!0C(5*4#IEO60E!-UTNG9-3(N4AWR$.=&!UO%'KLQ




M5F?AKW.0E'^R=M!?:;:*!

ML$.KPS:C'_4M2PJO0J=?Z/5L&FUAS=6YUW-YV2^]^ZV%C;(1L))K...]OQ%T
MN=4VME:77ZG#A&NWNUH)Z


:W.1(_*

EL+



]
:[

--:1]K^MJJ[V6;K2;L2&;O5]A

MI;54
5Z


J*=60F2$F4;-CA


M2N.%:-N\U-%4)=CL@G9Q

.[Z\)S/@4



M2_+/@6%D\R:^J=0^5DYIM[.LN5NN;S-E71FIJ%Z9EIK&&Z
A.P$Q;%/GTL.N
MYF

2T)5LZ0EI^G-8!.!:ZNUC#%T/!H$OQ3OO H4+U

MO
:4%%2K%IB BL=*G#3+J%7@G;=-MNR%KFDB_F:AA:@]8T]R9KA,
M?0JAA$<G68]BA 7+54=\!8<*2T;R-MYE P^Q,K!IVK##T)6W1\0K[CBVS
M8^R @/6? 1TN3;Z8JL-ZK$@

#V3@F5+G2+%




MK2%NEB:A9!'-84*;U3^\UAU$JTEW[46 ;17[#T\#T15;!_HWP[:U



EO0'U\AW72_!J';%#='

M!T_PQZ7-O



I5P)E=O'M

KL



T=M.8.6G
'K;F#UMQ!:^Z@

MK5XF4A)H&DZ)C 0*4-8.0^HP



?FF[LA%E<?C_-+NO?A &M;WJ1

MA#


$KJV&;=:.'_
F@735H'D-91JWVDZQQ(_-P6N*?1_QD7M
0S



\2*]3:+5.3MG06P/


\1_2=?X# +2M!2X)Y]H

$CS=


*(0G8]9%H

/[KJ_W#



C@H,,K<L+RM M
:%+22[V0MK]6I;F-CJ4TS(QS@4O/PY

L':
M-5A^(96312BR\%Y$PF=\GIEV8H!*Z(
MT@P&T=RQEP:@#$J6!^ .D_NP:R
K6+8D MKM@OGS0R\[?9GE5Y@^.WD(@3 P

)L[BP)KU67SB$[']V519=HFZN5=K
MS-%UV34NL43!+-=CXE^/T;+


1H%#


MX*+- IX&?A.X%/@
M'H 9K\'G![ 1R


M[5+G&9#.  -N+%7LWOZ!IA6FM_JH')D1&)\3'
N[ _64X$V1W
.UN5KR!: :

T:9GN1L1+ DT.


M:T%=&

MWG/&KC-+YT


;3TX04*QT0JX2\9CSR5EP-$LT^QUC;4)D
KP




Y.)8_5ZD*)(:YK@(
MX])7.6&S2QC9/& 97!M]301
MA




MY568LV9P2_&)91BFS+0K@(LI9I'(







MQR


M+\%;4S=!R!+#X]!]2&BSQ/N !H+]. P\#QY9%4W@(/:TMNRNU //YE99)J\/
MV$ S3+GX\9ZN
LV;(0XA(^K09AJY[+W3]OZB83)]J#P:%EEIZ]\Z/M-?U7:L



M6OC[AHA)BI@14BA5&:.'!])SO;S=QL4D4:R BZE0S;[AHI1G;?:LGJ7ML5*8



M%.
%\


M58L4SHM8VBY3J?K0=IRH%E6MUT[UI;R(&JE]2K^PR*




MOJ[IEK&C:
@7[UJ_3


M


/_V79O!_R2\
898318/GE7MW!*[N%7E1;H.1[:OL


JU( YI&U
M!0CNGZABB8!Y'
RI58#I;7_@VIYNP33W%8*C4O3O(DG*_8/%2O!$/Z-V_B

M^BK_
 6-BVV%RFU5 ;ERG'NK?WXAOZ38OJ-\(3[O6QDIK//);!B_]/OR^\?*

M8\S8(WZR8\6F/4F5 0GQ[@Z
-@;VAOGL$1
[^)+C1@
OB!*8Y5B1+ )I;ZR
M*!PC. %65*!A8.]


M8@5;$'8C %KDHI/2L)EP2VT;/M)4S&



Z\^D@W'@SAF].+S\J7V[.S
M*Z5_?7Y^=K83E+EU%/$#0*!$:A2Z2$(*:+L14TT$M5G,-=L0O$J%6K!4&O<
MZD.%A;J#JBKGF7XU9BV
44B#$?WPREY#A1B19]2R8L+'



M9 070^/\Y#5*K6EN;3NID#E6OF8V-U6I#GW^:U?! X%S!

MU0 :;G!B)TEE#$@3$+9*IZ4X]BLS#@(
90) C_B?T(V^9UY&B*A]=LD+IPV

M]
*H6R0H!(9S80/X[@A:$2 [XD$=9D@7Z@U_Y 1S;'R12*@]94YJCEX$-?
M)HKP:S7'$.
P &P(59@CZ0G_BB

L0 $MOR

MA4LT)1YC.R\Q#:8HQ$C[R1@VA#

/7%8+ZX


MZ/(J J1B-Y6Q(-[0G;$9]/_UCGHO

M/VT%QQ)JZT5H31S[\N3&I*RFJLJCMW/



Q-+7H!*UF

-_.6^VH%HY
8.8^N_OS_V_O6Y[9U
M9,_O6[7_ VOJG-JDBO%(U#MG=JH4/Q+-.+:O[63V?+I%2Y#-&XK4\.'$\]=O
M/P0U

 \$\_R&7





(TI


48&?


MY1J WD



X:/'A?U*2O$/I3;[?-7K.U!;X4=+Y?C+!N 3]Q


M=KN+D.R&5^TKC

MAM;W')W]'


U%Z59JW7


M]WO5MEBVWAH)C.:$
RF


MR1B.[HZ83ABF^!&1D$FO7$(/Q8NPS-Z0LOWN5!%N.3RF
&..GZXT?61\7C*0

M[/3C!)S*'5'*

A\X@UI@N0?\&%6:'SK!
)Y@



M:#RD@[V*$R/ %B$-H!#385 7:G(F9$/_T/((!3'!1GXU'U?J=$$@7UR/@&

'R7(Q1S7B1.!$2*@&P.Q9B3T7%TLI

4ZDK%%+LST5$N



,@W9-)0F
MEXU#4XU'<2;J52Q5::/[AX$]BU,9V'=GCR^=44P'BVL(H3+JM
M:W9?03

MT+8-_(G/]3O2]6OZJ8_AU\
E16\B]
7 ;W]KM-MFN]WBIEU6LV&V6]V-FX2]


&D(BY4%(=YAK]
+Q&O


V


F
4!\I2EA]UO S-$BBX:'_?K@8\[5]?P&5_8UR!(7WSI7]=
MCOZ%9=2#GT!'#)/22U




MAF:4


*VEY2F=N_A




\X-!.)7Y6\E;5VSDK0&_9NKSFWLD?


M
30'3'/H











-C&YU[+79
HEISVM

M+C)Z[F4-*6W%9R6-
*X&(7H3SP#G720?V93Z=$D29(T: P5UM#A_@Y=XR\
M


]Q4J )@F;+C.4_S2H62*


NN6

M/Y

M BFP#8 )'AA'E-H%'81CK.-


QZQ$R&5/R
M)*:821[D+!:;X2LX^P#:1(IVRGIW(M'$BY[SDF1KQZBGRPL0E4#/?*-L#A=
MD6?
 $^60&^(@6_(0QURO;HWWQBOT%RSV?G(:Y24J2-?9;=A#\S*9QX&5E-
M]Y6#95C5C
;G1XY_+FWM6IYG\K:49O&:)7TOPK:V,6R'9\WK^Y&9P-CON[
M0K$=HCM!=Z4JS?I$P['#%_Z

 -[R-E]*I)*P1UE\\P.'O&[WPL&D
)3 @M\24H


*E.:\UW00V=]91$UBU/\X1F$NV
M(_.2T8/

MAO_*X&I*9%A.9

MC


M5F\LGB$]O@XN?W?0AC/^87O^(QIL[R+_GNQ6


M-/:= DBQAT^FC&2L[E1E+^TD3!'

MQ
1+' XRPX3Q=P-T0(QH


M(E+X
9PBD&D@DU Y^;&)J#-DKSNR;[Z&KZI4B)6%T

MC2Q6BI@_(#7KB1B*2;9II2J#*J&L7+:#T/E+X@=\_5
-1]]C11$N)_7(N/1






M

M+](7 2D31
?*\AVK
6=S2-


DYN;&J3&R@.CHKJ8V\A&VR@#7/



MFFL/MW+7;(
=6&L4B8TO^^([9J_7
:U&WC?V*[V5$:-#72*X&0K&000U\*78

U:/J*':AU
4\OC@=;+\!_8 43=2.^Q0<&)L&:0Q<K=:<:23)18LD
M




6JM;K&8
0;H*1

M)$)$Q])K

MC?6UL/:3)PO)$A5WPO:VVKRF6^YN$ .L
A: * 'G6ZL+KQ;7[[8W]&.LE&W\
MJ[^6J*:KE&DM1O7+B


M GNY9)OH0/EN=

M-852$Z;*X:54*
GF;

QIQ69ULO<Z2U$HV\--
M)MQ<TN:2C7$DDX/S7_16HV%V6JE^N/6.9;9AUI(*7<EO9.H&*?L/P/[_D[B


HC(D?LD:Y_)=QYP31P\A^.B*R

M(93@^?HY.1!WJZ'F9C%W9[83?

M#(0M )VA XH@HN@ADC
QP<S=
MX8@0[U8G? PSCA9^H





#T

O P41H
IX!AP
F+A9\5Q.A*1N43







M7=32ZK7=E ;6GE+R!I([V/B:^-V60;1GO*:EBF ?GO3N9H=OL2+ SC;N=?%.





GSB_]7?HL:+\(]K
?Z_?SD+_ DF&WVH
MUS_4ZI&//;@^U&L?&O6__#TGL4M6MU&^W_.F ]W]G_HW@QOC\LRXNCZ].;VX
M[=\.+B]FW6E;-BWBS:+V 8S53JUYKT( \C^ 4EG1$UJENH:@H;8S9:ML6U
M:5P&][;G#(VKP!_%0_C ;6!3CVS]B?/S8^.=.F96[8_+J]OC2_WO^A_O81V^









MR:;?0_PLR-^(.]Q3N^?


CO





RT3TX/=R0%#JA.]6!+P]A66 (
M!J&VSZ7]/M):Z
CXFECQ=#N/Z/

M1V&(OS8S!V(:^

M/:HT_4BLW$BZK@.!I\[PXPB.L#=2K+''P+\
K7KXF,.7XEV#RA2F.21)A
MC-%=Q5O^
WB2..C1=2C







PZII_\.$+OO1.^-^=X F,*,$\_R'G
M-09YAEQB0RV]!^=D!!*]%).@0MA_



7YX=^ 22Q$!FU['#
'J*K ($CT=.5:WM1WQLAC&J*\9/7


!E!3P)
M*!#7E_SP$-CK/C]9 O*2\Y:3:@#BED EC!_GQ0WI[X8+__1Z.370$
?/#=



MX
OW.=1
)/.89#)E*=:8Y'AJ_Z4(1IPKL=4@(7$+K'$H(E 8I$$B=6)*AC
M/C].



*-'WP6F$63*\2AY@I@]C%T[
*:(NAJ]

MJ[U'

;Z=N-FI?0*L&KO=]@[^LU
ML]LNKGG]%C=_@9:;A:ZXI?!%[M3/.W3M
'3&J#\Q&U&ZU3FNNRAV8B?1EU 


JU;[/(@^:IK@
M.OT[+&!L37,#?;O$!-$;)$CP%IMJL3@3!R,6*4BAXP\0%ZU++/5:[[I,-:\
M-'26G*)ZL[6=8]1Z08X4;N:%@]0H_!9*1E51#Q[D+*L




*MK)BM\SF7
MT$

M)U;;25%[;ER%BXMA'9BM:5

MSZHI!UX
?\C)D$.. '&.M\#J#/@Q*KX_=()A/
%D]&5LQ\YR .R454Q3I-
M6+9VO!T$G$W*#0LPQKB$)TZ(X4=


)H(J;#O9U(3(\ 6(0V@$-
M-A4!M@ C9D0__0\@@%


M0$W0B C7^8%=#TA0D4CYF;3$XN?ES%*:9PZ$+*BN5J^P1L 0PXLG*.2P'#J-
M?


V7P=5;OOR5+
!%*PNO!&EQ




5./C._S

K/K6[NA(C


M=



V$^#%)R['VO4X2')N^-NO1$F?]0?7QO?^
M^;=3X_+

MZ /Z80W/)BM2^4






WUZ?/GY8H!.[4K!YO CZ$*UJ#I)5-1KC?//J=ND;BUNQQ'H01TMBYT1
M=Y*^5E\-9RK?TB.05$+D1%(#4V-P+G\TX.C]^!
N9WY6+9ASS3Q)4IT_'=1


MW_--2'^BM%H&1221:WW)PD=3'<$EI]AA@WN47-(L,;*-^!/I2EF+/0[-1*7
MBY6\A?5VS@K06WZ#7'.W[8^9JMLC'\8G/
=P**:1-*/H@]Q5UI[8Z!_G4T--


04L2#
_]@NV
EEVIH#K%A

4Q%3 N%
[N(@9%^E5@12]V3+FCO






:!
-
M!E

3+*1BEHHT9[]LB)$A@LX4F_J=RV#%V8ORY$LR(*7MWI


4+WWW27NL G%'!@)9)&-5^BB%/TLVGDZB





G)(!

I/Y3]
 U OITII^9)HW
DJ*D=Q5BR$5PG




MCF %1@TXW\8+'-\HSU
6NH
MG


_UP [;/J9$ZWS8).H(R


01RG)U







M5:RTM6_Y5;1L-Q

M@7P1MAL]_







M69$YFSMB9]VD*VYHO?6A46.4P\Y)/V3?O56OF;7N^N^5RG?_G)*Q3$OR]NUY
M[I=8R3FYL:I

MS.LJ+


Z\H93=Z[7V?!-I3*
MQ[
S^G;GQ-C$6W'




M=W6LGM.JK;+0'
.6N*I%]4@IBQW4:IB-=G&YZI49E'
#ZBVSU5DU+Z1ZH[P%

UMZ
RY%CI^
Q%P[7XUR#
MN8^-C[VAXS*2_C5!Q_I473U9FT)^C1Q@1(=6XB4.Q']%$*V./@U5=TJM&JE
MEELQ]9'FME%VA!T)GHQO1S='QECVHM2?Q-?3LDX50NU \G%LML UV[=9L+V




$0
M:(FPL_50.(]D*ZUV^-XV#*71
UOMU3MG5RB4'/5T.V:O]CJJHQ1U6E.]M+&)

MOV4PAO:@5+5

ME5SYO;;9:[V:PAIE$
OR5




;V\%$
ME/2.R
&=

S6<[ZK2-Y;$U20TW;K-=8FV)&O^LSY!=++QD-.
M+KYA;ZDV3AJ]CEGKK1Z_J7P1.]JI5J-I=FMYR[A7OHCJNBG%W+]NL %^[53

M67H[+Z:(GXGQAY0


MV6X-]T


J
WMU9&[@

_LD.G5?GWF0O(_4KPY6%QC00
M(?8!B1[8N;FH-9F]N P9%3!#[^5$


:NGF);2-+2#@_.UNHG*;M%



M%*


47YSL]PN?R45<FNG Q\U^ATS&YMTU=E


MHU
UT15C^B,R7[!Q
MW^FOJ?!D;<WXLQ$(S%T)K8;8FK@WQMM^'^MA/WSLZQ'1SM%QQ)V9NBPFHUV

3%[OM&NU6C+Y@J'7G#W/%EC=6BWO]AJ
M^.?37T,1PA0W@ZOC 7_PW)DX4;@V^J6142\.

M)





M@Q$
X(P=M*RE*3X$;0K7



6N4
E78^#K6M


M;$\IV)WPK]WN9NR+G:XP8YC2^_T+&#(89;KUZ;DA;L#H@-M_X(W$Q(.9AT31
B/!SX(=;NKN:
MV8?O\NFWM8O24_%T L9\Z&QG(ZUVJU4O?A]G2-_F_9/SW;$Z9[J]AM79_)V1
M]WW1'R&  /7%F1^ _H;GVW]HDB*N!CJO:6_[DKEFB8+]V<PNAH]QH]*^7:
M3(^_ZMRKNE4[<*#3KMWGYKX*_*D(HJ<KU_8BV$%T)TZ17]]

M!' PF0;^(]?#DT^W
(C^^RMHE4D\42[5JWKKSX3'%3LCW#[5X;P1JTTAM7


MO



M$W
SV[M$8/+:#X F,P)]V,%J%5RO?B:O-FLNCUNXM<E#EF/&E#5._2U]\Z\K1
MAWJOW6PVEF_=HLF*(G#%C-F7IEO18LWRH0=F8N]E-LSFY:U#SYJ)PN<K!TP




MJ])-&2OW]X&XE]BP+F+*2UH?TBASMX(\RKB+!2IT


M5G_WX[V1T&4@8:K
QA#E!S[FNE0R8QSC#\Y$&&(R=?TG(4+XH ]#/7(9#5=$

M($3NP(
M/AD:]5KM=U6TPU9L-4+;M8
G&&X4#_5K4#':B*=8#X1H=@*8HD$C#-.O1Z2H
MQ2
GHV8&D7-ZP%G#FAL ZX5LNG$OJ  N;R!_E


ME4E/)EZ3\O6KD[6Z[=IRDVW9?'/I;'/1A.?#:\KF06E36:!YJB.UZYU6-K=M


M']=B*@NE7 7^?6!/KL7$!F'U[B]BW*W+




M+J0MEX76JK5K[6US9%M6V?ZH74



&V%XTD^\!JJ9!B'T[12(QL
M!.^'6+-A=.[;GNWI0L-+VF)\\H/ _YDO5E^?#3.NN[:EU2].?]D363GX1(3#


M:+2H4Y=5_]T0JD:=\0_;BQ'

M,X!A=B)_&M3]! W]PC1N

TTL=TK

M0F
%.UM;,?"'G=9,YF2E(PKF920(5<L^=.U^FAU
M$UOB2#8)]]=O2W[;LC$C)E /J1 ZF[U0X_NUH.O?W[Q7&N!N2
7AQUCD^.

MF#J







L.:

A=% [47U-6+
YSHKFB*C*?I^A:Z6$K9CR_EKI
M =L@C[N\$2+ 3D;GG%'X:(=31Q=P;5DLDU6(1LO)AKA&*W9.BE:

M3-)!OYO+B314M;[*K.V/16TG1


A8BI5I;2_FJ_.4JZ7D3PM

MZ7J1ZKI4:E9S*4)

48[U4XVDIK*R?:K3^$'_:YTVK6L9X

^I:42QESU&F[


R8VK31#-UC
=YD^MEYMQPW:2-)YS


M:D7-RL*TX8/M=5ES_51; \YHOX^E;)8^DWZ8:4VVJ9POI7M*T)BX*NR RL K

MLQ2:+&.P75T*9I.64F%5)LVOI*L


M:\)X!O PP549]#J\N+O 2?4#\G$-BYH1S28MI6L
)DW:R9I3-G6P:95-K_ $


M4RDW4WU=\6 M\Q7&BK-HJ^'

(U/&8$Z73_!SBU]
M6Z9IMGDI7U-U3K1PK$SON
9L6
C/$GJ'JZ'\)Q_/?L 32SVZ?2[?9KXX$D0^







_!]9 @-@0=



M-/$



M_PC; 5=C*GP]2?@8)[]%&8J\*?*&.]GYT!ZSM
B/ [Q)^PKPYDRL=
U'@:


[1OU9HH.U4'94[NUN#Z5=_VVVGW+T=W/9W*; T5JYO

MQ&ZJ586/
)P\1.63* 3B$WF6+]T


MTP-Q)]7(6P=G1U=9G11]\J+R4YD$X6JP?R/YXC*U2T9%[NS&&O#_AA(_9':T
M:\#MJ(3=*?@SX
*$)^K(6!&0+RC[)+SC-@0VTI/(]8!WU/O17B$

M=]G@;QVDW9R4M5)DXYCUY%^%N:.=O13(%T[R50;\9;AFS\;*'%
FMQ3&9]D$





T3N8UN.L3I+UR/.^&JQI0?H0
E.;T&F%!(;ZIEF/




M33





C\B+UM/7E#?-ZH!/$24V

69W0C1-/L#F
Z

<8NVSMWN9<MF(0L9A YRE5]_
M +]$BB (6*0 )_/@L25TH[_0W?AJ_/C7YV4$UHAQ3
G'H_&;DR. 2$!#3!X_




OIW)'P^0(R T1/C9





D TG['/+%-*)/7:-'


$O%KD.EU(F #^;'
2B#ILM[]D/;(




M_ U%X:?-)T:_(3:0*







0 %5


M2YU9:ND[C[3DNUXRCKHR1%]RKS:?]DJ& %TA
?&^B6 V0RJ6IK79F![*C^RL
M=21T






M8H)X*XC
'*[9*I(.RJ


MGAO6GL9H-G8=E355?AH'


_CZPN]?&K*/G'8
IJN2


-Z7J4FO+6.?[V
@PC






MQ)R*UOGJ=.(:$






IUC+=^B@#Z2]/+(

@ZYJ#/41<(]%X%VP%O?+R;I




M%:36#AG_ $;@ O

U\Z U(D\U@Z,.BRU-V4.4O2N)O;M+K$%H!P*6]!AB?T
@X7HB&V4






;^'4[ERW]%
ZXU]
MEM8=R





M6
5F6%P[IOT4;2



FTW)&RNC6X2JH].'GZ*W
UA=.
($+Y-E=@3B2MZ.
M+TIAZ+3^7G-P7
'\SA)2UB7(^@1IIZ#HU8NY?%D((J6-9X3F9)?BZ3B)9(;




'B@B'E
ORIZ!SN(MI9ULH'LOSQ(+R#
M^.3_ 5!+ P04      OASU.2\(!F
(H  !*I0( %    &IV82TR
#$X
3 S
M


ZG4)@\^MCSWR9ZD?)WCC3U2V3ZSV;RX
M8!*2N$







M&3KP0XZ4B]\45+P7$=W@\^?/A^E?BZ:5EL^/-B^\?:P8&?9,_NK%R\)RHW?
M'V9_+#?U)5V7F([\+U$JR35Q49S:I)(C!VS!_W50-#O@OSH8'!^\'?SR''EO
MIQ295
2X%L\=OC_





MHT=*T^0H2B(_Q%%TXL;^DQ_[6#FL08(F-9;
9H@NAN
[?Q+Z8V95;(IS79*P

MU0URIZQONN [!2;^G)N+@C$I38.\7;./L%F.8L]7L21JVJAM\]7L'CUKV':E










;G@33#(MLWW.1'

MW4(+#D'C!]$$;!D@$-O@FF(6DA//2W6'@A'RO:OP#

MU * ZX=9P&ZYISO$W@6B(3O%1BJDQ.T?WMD/D81S)MW9K'Y1D*^YV'Z8%U/
MKMCNA^(H5B$DHWIX;S].2OXAM-Z;1:OJXKD*W2#QTLQ0FJHWCJG_F,1\SW-/
MQ'+*CJ]-]/_PR8P%U'!,-8FN$::M9



MDY-U94'0M@)PGQ709P4T@)+@RJ \'P DL#L30&G;1$S$;O9D06K(LX:I&9R
M U00J $3:LZ#($VL;

'[B+
9Z?A-XI9;OAT)5E#@B;F@J)ZH\1
MHB% X\%1H:[/R&Q





M

(YY
A ^Q]G_EQ20)Y^KSQ/Z?;P.:ZBI#VMS##:$
MJ-8MKF
256I3QK =/J( ?DTT@.L %?PZ)$.JB6REP7GIFR$+950(XHGB/?
M*U:D?%BQ]%A/,4T*UQ5!V&=_EX6]-H2@S9AUIDHT IG?+64U;8!$?W+PAR4
M$,38K.].-&$MW1NMT +.WA9*




4%L3=RLSA
M2S]$H=O,TB[I:U^7=I5((-AFW7%,#!=C+TWUX))'Q5-2DKD<(K%L&LB0FH(



+D==F9;NJ
MK3(;7V]IBUR=1_<N$VN6.FMLJZR0+NTPOM<'!MB#-_Y:^!4LNS^M=F/6 &@
M35CA%

;KM ZA%D 3


M*89QL


:]O


M65[G$DJ@_R17JYW4_T2F6T[@FS%9O\D/-A&CUF_)6%'S@,N^I=D=F'N^5
M@T-V$PFV' M(U

O?*QY3 C


?
O5*M/X&J05Y(1
Z
M


MG6DR
W]\?[''

M2-\VFC8?W5M%O
/#^]5L3LE3MF^2'=FK[1Y$M\DZ.('5&3%$Q3^DY*WO/0E'


P[/4NWN*D23V
#CWL9\.0_; Y
M^MBO'J[Q! 69&,!QUI5&EFZO(E8!9T$76I9



MM:W%NAXAM#8]CV09M#8F#N+7=[=%%$\3.(H1B&_5G6*(M\];US/TABX9C*
M.]RN/_M1W44N\/!H]BQ_1J)X..:%W
O!\#LB.]+ -/9#J.(=A
FL2XP7P/T]



]1&;F^Q




MU+_LU+_LU*@=='B 3Z^IUGK924:QMR\[J83JY

M$$@$@M2_4PWOOCZ
;GV872Y/]_5AVEG4^_HP=M6'^8I#3+-R6)EG
T\S5=2'
M49)UO:2JJ\-HL=S&5-) 


.?O!%&86
M+(FN9:!41;5NB6H.&YL7I)WQZS)MB/JAZ\]1


MT8B22T)GZ!8_X31K (:Q/:B5U,&#ZS%21EW'_#\:JTXG8@KG6QUU!6)8$

M YL4?UE'JQN36W[N5=G8NM0O?UKC3QC
RPMYNT:U_-RK

7[8V48\H



M3*%.V;#7^HQIH^E
@F:




;MAI/@7&DWX&]
M4&PA![@A

M&]SZ)LL2/)NH!4PD%_K1J'GE#[KY-_MKWOWP84^N&SKZH/+O3!A3ZX8%%P





M=08


O


.KEAV+EBJPC]2.NNA


8L_7S-UXMYG.P+O@
S= N#
M0N\61WQN\JX)MD_BPL9RSJLC!/W5X,!8&V'8YD)T&;GK:%. [I!(6^R_;$
M7N+&$;]UR?:=9V0V1^%!IT&X<.'?85+5SCPI- H1M_P3VXM-\1;5J]=F@N3


M^7JGIK1[Z=.5W+;H8)7O@FO5E*BF-+/.:2.A EL.O6N/80M'D5:PGE#N_@
M;!
8YL^CE*J/*KUN (6I7$'M
58)X\)B@&#M
J_VM=AU:['ODBO1UV)O9TWI

M

J%T8!,M/!+OA8.7TOBM6-N_KKTGHD?*:8(^

;?7#R0A3GWCU1A'4RWYAIR<-N&NP
M#MN\X%06^?9?&C._A)+7B2KT\M^8BN7!MQ:&,66OP]_%48Q3;C4M]C#LWEV
M^\YW,3--'B%$\D]'

QZT&R9Q%*.0I]]N/R'K]&@_

M2T*7+:2EIS](Y5JO-[WLW1D36FI8*CAM0N@+UM;E.E_^.=TPR*3^6$/J9?=E
MB?D7#(M]CK/Z[^SW^1

BC
M)V'

JTUF5_3[F_IUQWI;3HGK)6-=\EOU\QF5 TG_HN

=Q
&Z!0-*P
M32'681! GH2TS/'IOM*XVIR)D




M0HNT:I L]/+^J%8(8N/!U^R33O9-)_VH4WRULR#



M


AQ+6/H_R<G;W-Z-9T+JB[LA[G[22

11Z=SR!9S?




MTMOM4:JG!=LV8

MY/DJG=QE,H]4-T&DQU@+C6-GJ[




3@Q
#
Q



8H 2.H



W++




MY0UA TM

D=C:V1M;41
M7M/4B@(EC:A&C:TE-MU.^]FI+AD^8JP\NF2 RXG67+R7VNZ6I*L/'R:\6];
M!@TOS9#CQPA3ND.)AUITLHW'JOB:6O
 25V$LP2UV@=(:.]SM#E;KEA^3\3'

-(J7-*QE@$\DC1A):GN(Y

%]5'C7
\

V5E4SN=UW1XJMSW6G5






)&=3$!(E
MR;\T9:&V


8

'NT[00P@?^+V3)L&



M?WHIEY]/
67R%8C#I_:?GRAAO/;OGLYY)=CN /HJA]R#'F=0=TO:3S

VJT84IJA:WFGBL,CFQ&CF6&H
MTD%2;V%Z@ [EKT;S;-W4'CV;AS/WKT GKW;BF?O7@#/WH_FV7LH/'L_CF?O
M7P#/WF_%L_=[WAO*

M#T


M*6U
'\/L/];OFXID9U6PB+ASAK
G6PB0ATZP)XM\X;=/&+D40+#$%Z4:NM'J

;A40

5A D
M
8;HW

M5SDN2L(N


MH;R* 5KC308_1V]T
Z9A
W]FKU$M!\QM?
;S.YH1]L09*S*MKXQK5B^-D*[#

W85CMR2P7TK+S 2S*P
MVBP6ZD$[&\CF53N=3'3.( IAXT5)S:R2 A'Y
61?


M !G'R$3M9DO:
Y'^^28US:VGL@%[KAM3'#.@)@:*#IF1$Y4PGT8D2(A'

4WVH

E82(^YB/+'\J[.AVT4R#=%B:6'WZ:(5


0QT)0
30P#*-0D(2@/.X7-^D='Z:

N=



#[%*K+P&&1%I80[J\0I/K
MZY/9-7H%B0[UD947*Q39\.0PP%4Y





MD#Z-5 EE/3\HZPWHAI
$XG&)(19J!=7JA28-AAA*8F5B(K3!-T*U/KS&5J
M'1ADJ9&=/*Y(5HC[LM[L\=(



M*9XG*O


7#Q_4A=X!=W;%BLQ%GO!T)Z% .T@\0S-:

MIM4;?W=T56@9C9?B3L4_-XQ^^^:7@U_^]'/%YS^]X_S6[%I )+-(=K#85)N(

R
MQ0*URQ2-&!BFF+&I=QDVT9NP&.


M
.N/Q(V
MF=D^*JB?]FR77P#37?9BEI)*37



MZ96**OTU7I=W.:/_)
F?499G!%'Q(-U.WF+8S?2T3O5MXYLJ%GHBJ@
YG'UV

0JQ,,&C%@
M!-H+&%DPC#G0\6<C-P*)MAV#HT(E: V4A2_HD:\&8D_O/OYX/W[MW(L_.
O


)I!=*@UEP QZ!F:O 2=[3:19T)*
MPV#);O8.][HQ&=N]/:==K_[#-V-/L
F_5EAM=4

MG+4ZL%CIB=9Y-FV\C@B#C9
F7_QISH[S]4VY6*=J2GK'S;%Q903=EMG&O-YF



M+:MGV2=MU(!7C:A*\6AH
L!
OZ$&4-H98#KII@2P*7=F8Q'&5$;C4)LNO6!
MNZA628.F60^B+\6 QJZ-'&F]--%N(T98SW4P%#0'ZMG:!PX$GJ.JU:-2*3S

R3::L71


M46






:.:L?AG$_]7
9U):



TW=E

48
M.R4!




M^^WLFB_V$?_/9ADVF_Q'G=_B8GKQZFAZ






4W7I?'R
MFU


6G=L-

'3XH!N8#7PCJG


U


MT0/#^1%@AQSNJE;I\


MSA*9(NDE+/:;V?0E?A*8Q6G7?




M*[*J9R?3177'P3$+



M5T1(

B)@N*3'I<9U2_*BA!K*+3HQ''9F:$*AL\]H@.J


&P?#5E9U

KJ@\B:-Q-!$:?'NW+E0

9' '!Y[[ZSF9!Y[
M_=)+[(*&Q%[_
PWU['\LY




M^LN@O;9*=L/\7M'? /EU]B@[7K4

?9KGO(4G$SS0EMAB-O!E54SAKD(7NY^MM0I^65T$:4J=M
M
MVF*_@=%B:
ZNSB^P?ZL5G.$'KT!\:)'VUU8
MKI^3RHDHJ![=;,*41)]F<,=E0^]YQNK8U<Y=6_+[B$F:Y07W7C9OR(AMZLL
MAGL@?]/9G^K_WGD]J1]X&=W 5#&[Z0O#TK^!#F$P2=\K6F$Q*@AI&+&6FAHX
MRK.)O5#ZWR1F1758Q-O#4%^XXH(&6^YC7'=B,LQ^M'Y_ S0YBR?8+KI^P6


=H BR50AW52[/;2\[\N3MIG$TA
M)'?<P+L<,DN#X9(3HB$@6URI:#3 N:)KRJ?ASH7Z4




P K^&7+-

9=I*X..#^F

27^7
MU]GB_*\U+:C0WFOD0)










MCB(

T^..J]*P:I+
M1G/&USTT3_AHG^*BD ];R:<HDW^LYFFY)@4<T97XH_&
\&QQ80]I=W.R/YI



M*5I*
..63SO/4+OOC3V_W#@=XIG5H.\66Q8*L'

M23YBFIWG13$;-S:XU./PWL\H/;WMN@!9[ 781M:F@#H/'VO^4Q18[6&)8CF3

=L8[^4HLG[W#

M7N ?6TJ





!Q0FYP7!K'H'=Z-30T_

O0##[V0XY:W&5VOXU2*


CHOO. IF85K




-O$S#JAZ%1P(=
1
MX0 )Z;;]L93?6_N?2-9-%QV$YY)Q!DLL\B'YX(3=Y851& P_7 @=#J-'F-TX

;#S35H5$
MY]USD1LR]BRKC#VT.:_E\6AHBU/N#E:E\@7:[)(&#Y.GZ=H^I 1)EY(N1
M) /$MZ;U_@C]^%FE+&:Y


MD0T


MU0W(AJT]$V4 F9Q
5R2K3H$W82M\+5B2;%*VD?V&X=%3-^349)0YW9F)EV)T

F%H






5O^KF








MH1!0:Y8O#7O*T XHQ@)7





M#B(KJK?1WWIRPJ@/[W;=5NBUH61BM0^G5_:-8N70(R=&CKD4/S)[5:50
MB]6+O3%)7[2Y-STTHBXC-1!MZP)N^+1AQQ_C.J&1DE$A+H0066.I*FA+TL
MUP-I\O&MN!YO0[WO]:[J'V*/:WL(Z 3;Z#Z@-1=H1:;
):YR90)LK1U&/X9M


SR
M\E/DQL\_SK+Y7LNY%K.:XNS+'+C

M[7W





M(0/#)9_2C);DG-Z31

M5^$^\
+M=QYV^Z+#;0-$NGRKX;4CPVI%/B$

TX4I\YZ7
M9M#7
OQ-Z9VRN]7 4








&TK
U1GZN.MIASEC^P$T\PBO^2VE*





M#DGC'59%E^H[*!9

N_
)Y-!F+5;ZDZ/%I7

M#%6WPZUY-U+\NMF;YYQU90@\;U2%H/PL:Q:U ]3JV0-/4TH4M+APH8&OKA
M-

M &WFZHB!.D [;M%T

M.*D7D+8V]-$F1WE6TFQ-L]OIJG[TTL3C

AZM\L+
M&!

MD^RI4J[]BAIM$:I9J\-P?XJ=(GX&IR)Z1CS21HII-KG'-!6(%SF[QBFI$W]2

ZY(0=B]









Q!\BXM-G9%_84PIK:%O
NI4
G

UX7(O35=7')XU=EH==LB+TI&



M['E5TRT'('55

#ND!ZTC4

5=5V5<C?F7HQ8ZO
M@]6^14)G_D@[-/

=QKI07%C










[


M?/F]JZGCCG*O;5#Z#^(NI:#9V+P
Z*5ELVI XZ
76OWX?NZ70W1/(^0DN:=%



MFUK=M5346EXS_I?;
L\
U3SX'58]Z\$I%=V*Q:SIHZF^AIN_@ZK9 2CU0E*:
M


$!KV[K_
M


U6(QJ_GB;_KZ;?X.JF('H(8U

MIO


&9/9

M4%U

MJ$=*4W:+
SJ_9'FRY@R;
9S0[+8^/C'4N5L%5DMXXU7:I])$C2JJ=9OCI3WW




MFF;]^7G-NO7@V

EJ2


MP@W@E& S^@CA3H[


ZBZUV-34I4T4E''
275$&WUT4Q<0HPT/UP7-2%%,YO^U
MI@65T4Y\57J:LR4^Q 6=\UG*,4W7)4E.,!./^167A,F%[+!AGU$4J-9^OAU*
M5O0[@E8L1PM1!+H19<A,M$E5LKXO)R*C2LN1ECU-*@01EC\-\T3A M$%ZCD
MY=S4Z
$X5O9[)SQ??Z
 ?
XTY

MS9CP\+5DM9;CI1%Z+TI0.EK(;X-B3 3#E7WL6A*Q5C3F1N@N:J))
4;WR[3.
M9[Y94JDV&O.YO2365






V

MY(ZNE=;^JO:M#1N(U[
<+C57


EY*E0!5V49XRJ2Y$D12,O;3(_A6C'OKU2JEIJS&!C%0E6_'J'N)
M1$JC1OS%WX[92YR.^0N@&G]OYL&+VJE6@Y_R-+GA')[E<L9*KN6%QT(<]RRS
M]@;K]:EM]4^EC)J;5<


M=XQJHX2'D5B-O[ TH%


;X3KQK?8RK.YOV5@;50ML@M\0#OT*U:*S4Q(HM
MW;.-[=K16@+\QO2!;XOPCMB@Y]P

5[_7+J)*B-=M#*W [^]^3V_28(W0PUU7

MGT'-=^(/6I


M4N]HY*9@12*5+?3%1$+S.Q6EZ_7* 2HGLW8E-&1A(UHK'K_$P^DGC.26M
M]8T8Q'K7H#/7?6

M[^_!$&+/!JK]NN- D6A5M/DFVGST %T0^3SS##^^O&FY?'VXF*[+HN2S3PY(


!#QMPHXZ$?C/HY5G[$NG3YC%8$#.I?IH-D?IGLJ[)T8&
M14!M.0ZOQ[2EWEZNRD=0B*U9'VWI8IBVX0?WI-
?]QBDP?4;EXPU1Q7K9*8


MIMRZ




MY


S0ON+N

MTYQ=D57]N
9T80[\M2H :D4_G




=
8:OW8^._(ZMX(X]6
M-



M[?N8S6R@&OE+#@I%CNZHYRGMH4$]/SDD&3$D-+9K *5)U#U;!JYK8Y%FDG
M;=_7NK$28[:7R.1#/

MY)@P#JOD
^#N^%*VCYKIFFA\*8#:[QG@U8=/&T7N0HN2K:M.1C
DRZTO26Z^

MR+-%^P=#TW7Z#2MV/W3.?\7_W/S)_Y_;K@+YW_YWU!+ P04      OASU.

M$_Z'ZL
_3W[X_MV/]Y-7KP#]_D9HE+)?;Z[6_3[F^?+GUZ^_?OWZ/4V?@J\I



/;_P?\9A[D1;;^YIOG-_7_








8!J:E&=0B
MN

M['/ 6









M?V^EZ[B







MD5]\6L@(![C7XE%'DUC

<8!B8RSL8Q
X\T[TV&0 6_\HSVFMM(HM)F$^#A
E%&=G
MOHX]K7JH;'#

;\Z

H=.<Y(/


MR:.V\U42PK&R#B

M\WF1=-.NF.



LQ
1
M1EBKE-HG1?Z8LOA?&[O
M(&M=7MJOHB!BWZG0]@#10CCHT(0OGEHBWSG4AD$/][+9&:AIS502^$Z.-B1:


MO#MA1MN
X5BHSM*

I7-=V-U6(]].

MI.







MNFU_6-SG(;&8!

J

M&PT1\EPB-!68%M)SUWM/[B;#[-/^\74:







&:=L](Z#NFZ*#F4B(.P3/D@1
MLDC.2?7_+8;KESV@K#@/GS')1UV@[$4+5:5. G#M. 2X_(B\9/^WA-&[3LZ






LD4E?G
*(V@'X*=[


MW%41L
<$MY$A;4XJC/G<]N19M6N

M?6M.;O4_67]@P@^=D^8K&.;KV2
_%'/P:73!6
K.4F[VA.6J:C.#(;UX?9[V

Q




M3D@G.=;6)/QQ=Q(*$K%1U40^J]7=YS9G
55[KP7W[NTFE)+ \]S18]&ID*?E



?C@:<@<X[
M5@!F
 &U?F( ADE- 03)62X1:Y!



5X@!+*:=,!$5G*9CMIIV]
M:'#





M:7X\X^V[SG9V[H.?[$:;ZE):RT!W7.CDO%14-


M/=ACQ@_QF?%E&W8B9RP3'O;LX)SD09QDGX4#6QB^\K5 DL


%W^BY?M$


M$5AWA -!K3::@#2QZ&+#.4T#%J7S\YB1D%-H-QQ56^])XGIJ76LOTHMAB)4N

G&W3HU

FG^2-A5:A#G0]&



M[Q*#
.D#F3^

X-M]6&;7Z':1Z



MYA
JXPOBYLO7\2)6'?8










MV25T^31D[7R?A

MP/3)IF7M?)\KK








M8N#SR




4J'+)

M)$D(XYMH1!8TGL=5[=KI?1(_5$HKGWF]._/M*(/E'=I/5#@FZPU9UJHZG9\&

MW.736

3.. YIO+H#7:!!'.
VCEA'?[\N ^&3


Z[[*$*5U

!:=PK==5K'$







M=+$

M'?E^5[D_?GO(#X=WYE@T E- R+%HQ

M
 E3D*;O@LTEL\W99C
M6 4@V\I Q+QFVP865L<$*B42 


+.J7H.<E%B_U&1J-A+XM5P!,.[,/* L<Z^L%GWBAF KK40MS
M320IF+=J

MR5QW^%02^+9\]YK-

@$[C9IS]DD8LH)H+%_KCGP;O




M.Y1^?*:2G61PS-YFS%LK3F]
8;WXCGOJCZR-E'#AVQO2?5%T]H*V/XHO?($^






MX6&WCUSIT%&HG:#LS3;3V=Z?&U\EKM+J2/5J]J*I0]B(3T+&%OQ!?1KP*;
M34C7R?@

MSW^UD?Q'DCZP8/D8A\JJ([R]IOD8
-!SX*0X&@P%\K [)&5J1\&#NKEG%/0
M[H*A9L1%?D=]GFOK)-?#'P_U(NF8PD.GNY87I?J[MM+4W[T7[ 4VBX_3H3V


M^2.W'E.#:LK:^?
3V
YP)9
XG +7)


M&&D]3NU5I('


N!W:Q'






:?4YI:.E5@'3E^]*TK\

O2O*ZS


MMX1E%_\LRGS$#?C^UTW8[NC/TRJKI Y&*M!F=V)N^TP.*Q&Z3R4_SH*L3B
MO\(?TUM6M+DAR]HJGC&1@&NA#Y#1T8P)%0T;. )ZY2



M.J^T]J3('U



4?=3NA^JF@);U9B+_4;LM
M_JS671,=$/R?O(,/$\# 0*MOI^J_B/_<!QGAO_G_4$L! A0#%     @ +X<]
M3FU-882NR@  AF$( !               ( !     &IV82TR,#$X,3 S,2YX
M;6Q02P$% 

  -G^


