

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-17-006145
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		104
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20170831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20171218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20171218
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DOCASA Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001619055
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CANNED
 FROZEN & PRESERVED FRUIT
 VEG & FOOD SPECIALTIES [2030]
		IRS NUMBER:				471405387
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-199583
		FILM NUMBER:		171262279
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 NORTH ROSELLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60195
		BUSINESS PHONE:		630-250-2709
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1901 NORTH ROSELLE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			SCHAUMBURG
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60195
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FWF Holdings Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140909
















WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549





August 31
 2017















DOCASA
 INC.




























1901 North Roselle Road
 Suite 800
Schaumburg
 Illinois













 including area code: 






Common Stock
 $0.001 Par Value



 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 




 and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 


 if any
 every&nbsp;Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company filer. See definition of &#8220;large accelerated filer&#8221;
 &#8220;accelerated filer&#8221; and &#8220;smaller reporting company&#8221; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

























 2017
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second quarter
 the aggregate market value of the registrant&#8217;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $44
160
000
 based upon the closing price on that date of the common stock of the registrant on the OTC Link system of $1.20/share. For purposes of this response
 the registrant has assumed that its directors
 executive officers and beneficial owners of 5% or more of its common stock are deemed affiliates of the registrant.


 2017
 the registrant had&nbsp;160
012
875 shares of its common stock
 $0.001 par value
 outstanding. The Company has 47
087
125 shares of its common stock conditionally issuable.



















&nbsp;




















































































































Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities















































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence







































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules
























































 as amended
 and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about our industry
 our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;seeks&#8221; and &#8220;estimates&#8221; and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company&#8217;s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for DOCASA
 Inc. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management.




















 Inc. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;DOCASA&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. On August 4
 2016
 the Company filed to change its fiscal year end from July 31


 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;) acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 75.8% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock at that time.


 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018. Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#8220;DCIA&#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.


 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#8220;DEPT-IL&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation. 


 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#8220;DEPT-UKWS&#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. It is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.


 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a reverse merger rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.


 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company generates revenue through sales at fifteen existing and seven currently under construction
 company-operated stores in the United Kingdom and the United States (&#8220;US&#8221;). Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations in our market. Similar to leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks.


 the US and China. The Company also intends to pursue commercial agreements in other countries through strategic licensing agreements. 
































 Suite 800
 Schaumburg
 Illinois
 60195. The Company&#8217;s primary website is www.docasainc.com
 and its website for its specialty coffee operations is www.departmentofcoffee.com. These websites are not incorporated in this Form 10-K.
















 DEPT-UK (&#8220;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited&#8221;)
 is a specialty artisan coffee company that serves premium single origin coffee to the United Kingdom&#8217;s discerning coffee drinkers as well as a selection of quality foods and coffee related retail products. Department of Coffee and Social Affairs served its first coffee in December 2010 and currently serves over 1
000
000 coffees per year. Department of Coffee and Social Affairs has fifteen existing and seven currently under construction
 company-operated stores in the UK and the US
 with an additional pipeline in the UK and the US and is seeking to rapidly grow to become the UK&#8217;s first truly nationwide specialty coffee company and to grow rapidly in select US cities.


 to picking and packaging
 screening and grading
 brokerage
 shipping
 roasting and &#8211; finally &#8211; coffee making. By working closely with our suppliers
 we are able to bring some of the best coffees in the world to our customers. The grades of coffee we buy can only be produced by farmers who have a passion for their crop and are skilled in agribusiness. 


 we expect distinct and definable flavors
 and we want those to be complimentary &#8211; or to collide in an interesting way. We encourage our customers to try as many coffees as possible to learn which types of flavor they enjoy. You will find that there is no such thing as the universal &#8216;perfect&#8217; coffee. There are flavors that suit certain times
 moods
 foods and occasions.


 other UK cities and certain cities in the US. Department of Coffee and Social Affairs will offer even more consumers access to premium quality coffee.


 &#8220;Social Affairs
&#8221; which refers partly to our customers&#8217; coffee drinking experience
 but also refers to our humanitarian work. Members of our team are both board members and volunteers for a number of UK and international charities. 




 transport stations
 office buildings and university campuses. Due to our &#8220;no two shop looks alike policy
&#8221; we are able to turn unusual spaces into prime retail coffee locations. Our coffee shops range from 500 square feet to 3
000 square feet. The following our examples of spaces we have designed to fit the community our shops operates in.



























&nbsp;



























































 we offer Canton Tea (www.cantonteaco.com)
 a premium supplier of loose leaf and tea pyramids in the UK
 cold pressed juices by MOJU&#210; (www.mojudrinks.com)
 Karma Cola&#211; (www.karmacola.co.uk) soft drink range and Thirsty Planet (www.thirstyplanet.net) bottled water. It is our goal to have unique high-quality beverages that are served alongside our specialty coffee. 
















 pastries
 sandwiches
 savory foods and gluten free and health focused food ranges. Our food menu is selected to complement our single origin coffees; we only source high quality ingredients and flavors. A selection of home coffee making equipment
 accessories and roasted coffee beans are sold in our stores.




















 we found out that 90% of employees are more productive if they can get a beverage they want at work and that 91% of employees believe that a hot-beverage break is a good way to reduce stress before starting a new activity and saw an increase in employee satisfaction after such a break. In addition
 four out of five employees preferred better coffee options at work
 and having such an option makes them less likely to want to leave the office. (Source: National Automatic Merchandising Association)


 and we now operate 4 internal coffee bars across London.










































 Department of Coffee and Social Affairs created Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Members Club
 a new co-working concept inspired by customers who enjoy using coffee shops as a place to work and host business meetings. With 1.91 million professional freelancers in the UK
 and a clear shift to the gig economy
 the increasing demand for flexible workspace is constantly growing. We see this as an opportunity to capitalise on this demand by dedicating space in specific sites to cater for those professionals who need alternative co-working space. The Members Club will sell monthly and yearly memberships creating a highly scalable annuity style income for the Company and will be incorporated under the subsidiary
 Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited.


 UK
 in December 2017. The 3
000-square foot space will house a coffee shop at the front and state of the art co-working space at the back
 the entire site having been designed to embody everything that a customer loves about working in a coffee shop but with the additional office amenities that nomadic workers need. 


 and this a concept that we will actively look to roll out across the country in line with our national rollout strategy. We will seek to launch the concept in Chicago in 2018.






 to picking and packaging
 screening and grading
 brokerage
 shipping
 roasting and &#8211; finally &#8211; coffee making. By working closely with our partners
 we are able to bring some of the best coffees in the world to our customers. The grades of coffee we buy can only be produced by farmers who have a passion for their crop and are skilled in agribusiness. Because we buy from specific producers
 we expect distinct and definable flavors and we want those to be complementary &#8211; or to collide in an interesting way. We encourage our customers to try as many coffees as possible to learn which types of flavor they enjoy. There are flavors that suit certain times
 moods
 foods and occasions. Our selection of single origin coffee beans are exclusive to Department of Coffee and Social Affairs and are only available in our stores and on our website.




 customers enroll and pay via our website and courses are conducted after normal business hours in our various store locations. We want to be able to provide our customers with a specialty coffee drinking experience at home. Coffee School is also becoming an increasingly popular corporate event for companies looking to provide a different group experience for their staff and clients.






























 coffee subscriptions
 coffee machines
 coffee making equipment
 reusable branded travel coffee cups
 coffee schools and gift cards. Our online store ships to the entire European Union allowing us access to different European markets. 



















 our customer base demands a high-quality product that is ethically sourced and produced. Coffee is an industry with no clear demographic
 spanning all age groups and affluence and is a product that spans every corner of the UK and US. 










 our target market increases. We aim to educate consumers about the difference between specialty grade coffee and below standard grade coffee and
 through this
 we assist in raising their coffee expectations. In addition to serving specialty coffee
 we offer our range of high-end teas to attract tea drinkers who also have high expectations of their tea providers enabling us to reach an even broader market.



&#8220;We measure our commercial success equally to our social impact; we think that every company
 everywhere
 should do the same.&#8221;



 including employees
 partners
 customers
 suppliers
 shareholders and others.


 &#8220;Social Affairs
&#8221; which refers partly to our customers coffee drinking experience
 but also refers to our humanitarian work.
















 finance and mentor sustainable programs
 NGOs and social ventures in Sub-Saharan Africa to alleviate poverty and hunger
 to improve education
 to provide skills training
 and to provide employment. They focus on the poorest communities in Sub-Saharan Africa. 


 Team Up trains volunteer undergrad students to tutor disadvantaged children in private lessons. We also fund the Central London Rough Sleeper Committee events which are held every two weeks providing hot meals and support to the homeless
 where our staff are regular volunteers at these events.


















 the coffee shop market is one of the most successful in the UK economy. The total UK coffee shop market delivered a growth of 12% in turnover to reach &#163;8.9 billion (US$11.7 billion) in 2016. The branded coffee shop chains had an estimated annual turnover of &#163;3.7 billion (US$4.9 billion) in and sales growth of 11.2% in 2016. The branded coffee shop chain market is forecasted to reach &#163;6 billion (US$7.9 billion) annual revenue by 2021.


 with coffee shop visitors purchasing an estimated 2.3 billion cups of coffee per year in stores. Consumers are more knowledgeable and empowered with choice than ever before
 and the rise of artisan coffee has driven the desire for premium quality coffee. As coffee shops are increasingly viewed as the local of choice by British consumers
 coffee shops are set to outnumber pubs in the UK by 2030.


 World Coffee Portal
 Project Caf&#233; 2017 UK Report).&nbsp;


 World Coffee Portal 2017.)




 &#8220;Small and medium sized boutique chains are gaining momentum and driving the comparable sales growth across the sector
 ahead of the leading chains. Increased merger and acquisition activity throughout 2016 signifies the strength of the vibrant coffee shop market in the UK. Allegra identifies that a new 5th Wave
 The Business of Coffee
 represents an important new era for the global coffee industry. The 5th Wave encompasses a compelling combination of all four previous waves &#8211; Tradition
 Chains
 Artisan
 and Science &#8211; where high quality boutique chains will be a major feature of the market going forward. These highly targeted operators are adopting a more advanced set of business practices to deliver authentic
 artisan concepts at scale.&#8221; (Source: Allegra Strategies
 World Coffee Portal
 Project Caf&#233; 2017 UK Report).&nbsp;




 the US coffee shop market had considerable growth with a 7.4% increase in revenue to reach US$41 billion
 this is forecasted to reach US $85 billion by 2025. The coffee-focused-chain segment had an 8.2% revenue growth to reach US$29 billion. 


 &#8220;With the emergence of the rapidly expanding artisan scene
 a growing number of Americans are becoming coffee connoisseurs demanding greater quality coffee wherever they are. 55% of the 5
000+ consumers surveyed by Allegra WCP state they would be willing to spend more for higher quality coffee in coffee shops
 giving an average price ceiling of $3.18 per beverage. Millennials are the driving force in the increase of espresso-based beverage consumption and are much more likely to order cappuccino (19%) than a filter coffee (8%).&#8221; (Source: Allegra Strategies
 World Coffee Portal
 Project Caf&#233; 2017 US Report).&nbsp;


 reaching a high of 46% in 2017. Low unemployment and continued economic growth have enabled consumers to increase their coffee consumption out-of-home
 and this trend should continue in 2017. Shifts in household composition are favoring the steady rise in out-of-home coffee sales. The growing importance of millennials in the US also supports more out-of-home and premium coffee consumption. They now make up the largest generation in US history
 and next year
 they will have the highest combined spending power of any living generation. (S
 Rabobank 2016)




 Allegra World Coffee Portal observes higher quality coffee standards across the market.&nbsp;The coffee shop market is moving beyond artisan coffee to a greater level of professionalism. In an environment transformed by technology
 urbanization and instant access to information
 consumers are becoming more sophisticated. Boutique chains are adopting more refined business practices to deliver higher standards of quality coffee. (Source: Allegra Strategies
 World Coffee Portal
 Project Caf&#233; 2017 US Report).&nbsp;




 independent specialty shops and chains and non-specialist including supermarket cafes
 department store cafes
 retail shops with cafes
 pubs
 hotels
 motorway service stations
 forecourts and fast food outlets. Certain branded coffee-focused chains currently have longer operating histories
 larger customer bases
 greater brand recognition and significantly greater financial
 marketing and other resources than we do
 however their ability to deliver specialty quality coffee is limited. Our competitive edge is our focus and ability to deliver consistent quality coffee to consumers. This is done through the hiring and training of highly skilled baristas
 sourcing only the highest-grade single origin green coffee available and working with experts in the specialty coffee industry to continually innovate the way we make and talk about coffee.
















 we have continued to focus predominately on coffee and in perfecting our craft. In doing so
 our customer base understands our quality proposition and it enables us to create a differentiator with prospective landlords specifically seeking a quality coffee shop offering for premium locations rather than a restaurant offering.


 &#8220;Coffee shops are playing an increasingly important role in the UK
 enhancing the social vibrancy of a community and contributing significantly to employment and the economy. The third wave/specialty coffee has raised consumer expectations about coffee quality and store design.&#8221; (Source: Allegra Strategies
 World Coffee Portal
 Project Caf&#233; 2016 UK Report)


 nationally and internationally
 consumers in the UK and elsewhere are holding their choice brands to an increasingly higher standard of social awareness and impact. We see our increasing social impact as both good business and a wholly responsible way of being part of a broader community. We see the benefit of nurturing and maintaining this culture in our Company every day.




 our customer base demands a high-quality product that is ethically sourced and produced. Coffee is a product that spans every corner of the UK and the US. 






 www.docasainc.com and www.departmentofcoffee.com
 and common law trademark rights in our business name and related product labels. We have not registered for the protection of all of our copyrights
 trademarks
 patents or designs
 although we may do so in the future as we deem necessary to protect our business.




&#8221; &#8220;Coffeesmiths
&#8221; and &#8220;Elixir Espresso.&#8221; 

















 Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Current Reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission in order to meet our timely and continuous disclosure requirements. We may also file additional documents with the Commission if they become necessary in the course of our company's operations.


 NE
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov.








 any regulatory changes that impose additional restrictions or requirements on us or on our products or potential customers could adversely affect us by increasing our operating costs or decreasing demand for our products or services
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.&nbsp;




 2017
 we have 119 employees
 of which 24 are salaried and 95 of which are hourly (of which 53 are full-time and 42 are part-time). 




 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease on a month-to-month basis. This facility serves as our corporate headquarters. Our operations in the United Kingdom (&#8220;UK&#8221;) have a UK administrative office and 15 storefronts. We have one storefront in the United States. Each location is subject to a lease agreement with different terms and conditions.




 the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company at the SEC&#8217;s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Washington
 D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330.




 our business
 financial condition and results of operations
 and the trading price of our common stock could be materially and adversely affected. Moreover
 we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible to predict the impact of all these factors on our business
 financial condition or results of operations.

There are numerous and varied risks
 known and unknown
 that may prevent us from achieving our goals. If any of these risks actually occur
 our business
 financial condition or results of operation may be materially adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
 and investors could lose all or part of their investment.






 Inc. had limited operations until the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 when the Company acquired Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Ltd. (&#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
 which was initially formed in 2009. DEPT-UK opened its first store in December 2010. On August 31
 2017
 the Company discontinued the prior operations of the Company. For our year ended August 31
 2017
 we experienced net losses of $1
425
846. We used cash in operating activities of $731
424 in 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 we had an accumulated deficit of $2
766
367. In addition
 we could incur additional losses in the foreseeable future as we expand operations
 and there can be no assurance that we will achieve profitability and/or maintain profitability
 if achieved. Our future viability
 profitability and growth depend upon our ability to successfully operate
 expand our operations and obtain additional capital. There can be no assurance that any of our efforts will prove successful or that we will not continue to incur operating losses in the future.













We currently do not have substantial cash resources to execute our expansion plans. If we cannot raise additional funds or generate more revenues
 we will not be able to execute our expansion plans which would provide additional revenue
 profits
 and working capital and will probably not be able to continue as a going concern.


 2017
 our available cash balance was $93
400. We will need to raise additional funds to execute our business plan. There can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or
 if available
 will be available on terms that are acceptable to us.


 including joint-venture projects and debt or equity financings. Future financings through equity investments will be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also
 the terms of securities we may issue in future capital transactions may be more favorable for our new investors. Newly-issued securities may include preferences
 superior voting rights
 the issuance of warrants or other convertible securities
 which will have additional dilutive effects. Further
 we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital and/or financing
 including investment banking fees
 legal fees
 accounting fees
 printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash expenses in connection with certain securities we may issue
 such as convertible notes and warrants
 which will adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.


 which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities
 together with our revenues from operations
 is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs
 even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly
 we may be required to cease operations.




 and will be depend on external financing to satisfy our operating and capital needs. Any sustained weakness in the general economic conditions and/or financial markets in the United Kingdom and/or the United States
 as well as globally
 could adversely affect our ability to raise capital on favorable terms or at all. We may also rely in the future
 on access to financial markets as a source of liquidity to satisfy working capital requirements and for general corporate purposes. We may be unable to secure debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us
 or at all
 at the time when we need such funding. If we do raise funds by issuing additional equity or convertible debt securities
 the ownership percentages of existing stockholders would be reduced
 and the securities that we issue may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our common stock or may be issued at a discount to the market price of our common stock which would result in dilution to our existing stockholders. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt
 we may be subject to debt covenants
 which could place limitations on our operations including our ability to declare and pay dividends. Our inability to raise additional funds on a timely basis would make it difficult for us to achieve our business objectives and would have a negative impact on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.




 we must locate and retain skilled sales people
 marketers
 management
 and other personnel
 and solicit and obtain adequate funds in a timely manner. If we fail to effectively manage our human or financial resources during the growth of our business
 our business may fail which would cause you to lose your investment.

Our profitability depends
 in part
 on our success and brand recognition
 and we could lose our competitive advantage if we are not able to protect our trademarks against infringement
 and any related litigation could be time-consuming and costly.


 to complement our operations in the United Kingdom. We have registered the &#8220;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs&#8221; trademark with the applicable regulatory agencies in the United Kingdom and the United States. Use of our trademarks or similar trademarks by competitors in geographic areas in which we have not yet operated could adversely affect our ability to use or gain protection for our brand in those markets
 which could weaken our brand and harm our business and competitive position. In addition
 any litigation relating to protecting our intellectual property against infringement could be time-consuming and costly.




 executive officers
 and other key personnel. Our success will also depend on our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified personnel with industry experience. Key personnel represent a significant asset for us
 and the competition for qualified personnel is intense. We do not have key-person life insurance coverage on any of our personnel. The loss of one or more of our key people or our inability to attract
 retain and motivate other qualified personnel could negatively impact our ability to develop or to sustain our operations.













We are exposed to risks associated with the ongoing financial crisis and weakening global economy
 which increase the uncertainty of consumers purchasing products


 turmoil in the financial markets
 and weakening global economy are contributing to a decrease in consumer confidence. If these economic conditions are prolonged or deteriorate further
 the market for our products will decrease accordingly.






 which is expanding to the United States
 and we are dependent upon consumer discretionary spending. Changes in economic conditions may affect our operations. Adverse economic conditions for our customers
 which could have less money for discretionary purchases
 could discontinue or decrease their purchases of our products. The resultant effect could decrease customer traffic and/or the average value per transaction. This effect will negatively impact our performance on a financial basis as reduced revenues without a parallel decrease in expenses
 would potentially adversely affect profits. Reduction in sales would adversely affect our margins
 comparable store sales
 and ultimately
 our earnings per share. There are additional risks that if negative economic conditions continue over an extended period of time or deteriorate more
 consumers may make extended changes to their discretionary purchasing habits
 which would include reduced discretionary purchases.

Incidents involving food or beverage-borne illnesses
 contamination
 mislabeling or tampering
 whether or not substantive
 as well as negative opinions
 either publicly or medically
 about the effects of consuming our products
 could adversely affect our business.


 whether true or not
 of unclean water supply or food-safety issues
 such as food or beverage-borne illnesses
 tampering
 contamination or mislabeling
 either during growing
 manufacturing
 packaging
 storing or preparation
 have in the past severely injured the reputations of companies in the food and beverage processing
 grocery and quick-service restaurant sectors and could affect us as well. Any report linking us to the use of unclean water
 food or beverage-borne illnesses
 tampering
 contamination
 mislabeling or other food or beverage-safety issues could damage our brand value and adversely affect sales of our food and beverage products and possibly lead to product liability claims
 litigation (including class actions) or damages. Clean water is critical to the preparation of coffee and our ability to ensure a clean water supply to our stores can be limited
 particularly in certain locations. If customers become ill from food or beverage-borne illnesses
 tampering
 contamination
 mislabeling or other food or beverage-safety issues
 we could be forced to temporarily close some stores and/or supply chain facilities
 as well as recall products. In addition
 instances of food or beverage-safety issues
 even those involving solely the restaurants or stores of competitors or of suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors)
 could
 by resulting in negative publicity about us or the foodservice industry in general
 adversely affect our sales on a regional or national basis. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of food-safety concerns or negative publicity
 or as a result of a temporary closure of any of our stores
 product recalls or food or beverage-safety claims or litigation
 could materially harm our business and results of operations.


 dairy products
 sugar and other compounds and allergens
 the health effects of which are the subject of public and regulatory scrutiny
 including the suggestion that excessive consumption of caffeine
 dairy products
 sugar and other compounds can lead to a variety of adverse health effects. Particularly in the U.S.
 there is increasing consumer awareness of health risks
 including obesity
 due in part to increased publicity and attention from health organizations
 as well as increased consumer litigation based on alleged adverse health impacts of consumption of various food and beverage products. While we have a variety of beverage and food items
 including items that are coffee-free and have reduced calories
 an unfavorable report on the health effects of caffeine or other compounds present in our products
 whether accurate or not
 or negative publicity or litigation arising from certain health risks could significantly reduce the demand for our beverages and food products and could significantly adversely affect our business and results of operations.




 the value of our brand should continue to increase as we strive to consistently provide the consumer a positive experience. Our business plan
 which provides for continued expansion in the United Kingdom and the initial expansion in the United States
 relies on the value of that brand and our relationships with business partners
 third-party manufacturers
 and others. Our logo will continue to be used
 both by our internal operations as well as potential licensees and foodservice operations
 as our logoed beverages and other complementary products are provided to our customers. We provide support to these third-parties
 monitor their activities
 but the quality of the product and service they provide to the consumer may be diminished by any number of factors beyond our control
 including various pressures they may encounter. Our core belief is that consumers expect the same quality of products and service from any branded outlet for our products. Our products that we provide to our consumer are sourced from a wide variety of business partners in our supply chain operations
 and in certain situations
 the products are produced or sourced locally by our business partners. As these business partners utilize our logo as part of their service to the consumer
 we do not monitor the quality of products not under our brand
 which are served to consumers.


 whether isolated or recurring
 whether caused by us or our business partners
 that potentially tarnish our consumer&#8217;s trust
 including
 but not limited to
 perceived breaches of privacy
 contaminated products
 product recalls or other potential incidents as included in this risk factors section
 especially if the incident causes significant publicity
 including the immediate distribution through social or digital media
 or result in litigation
 and our failure to respond accordingly to these incidents
 could materially adversely impact our brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. The demand by consumers for our products could decrease materially if we or other third-parties
 including business partners
 fail to maintain the quality of our products
 are interpreted to act in an unethical or socially irresponsible manner
 including with respect to the sourcing
 content or sale of our products or the use of consumer data
 fail to comply with laws and regulations or fail to deliver positive consumer experiences on continuously in all of our markets
 including the ability to procure and retain employees that create a positive experience with our brand. Also
 inadequate use of our brand and other intellectual properties
 as well as the protection of these properties
 including the unauthorized use of our brand or other intellectual properties
 can adversely affect our customer&#8217;s perception of us which would adversely impact our financial results.













The unauthorized access
 theft or destruction of financial
 customer or employee personal information
 or of our intellectual property
 or of other confidential information
 as all are stored in our information systems
 or by third-parties as contracted by us
 could adversely affect our brand
 reputation
 and more
 which could lead to potential liability and decreased revenues.


 such as those we use for our point-of-sale
 web and mobile platforms
 including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs
 and for administrative functions
 including human resources
 payroll
 accounting and internal and external communications
 as well as the information technology systems of our third-party business partners and service providers
 can contain personal
 financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our information technology systems also contain our proprietary and other confidential information related to our business
 such as business plans
 product development initiatives and designs. Other retail companies
 including our competitors
 we could in the future have to deal with potential attempts to compromise our information technology systems. To the extent we or a third-party were to experience a material breach of our or such third-party&#8217;s information technology systems that result in the unauthorized access
 theft
 use or destruction of customers' or employees' data or that of the Company stored in such systems
 including through cyber-attacks or other external or internal methods
 it could result in a material loss of revenues from the potential adverse impact to our reputation and brand
 our ability to retain or attract new customers and the potential disruption to our business and plans. Such security breaches also could result in a violation of applicable U.S. and international privacy and other laws
 and subject us to private consumer or securities litigation and governmental investigations and proceedings
 any of which could result in our exposure to material civil or criminal liability. Our reputation and brand and our ability to attract new customers could also be adversely impacted if we fail
 or are perceived to have failed
 to properly respond to these incidents. Such failure to properly respond could also result in similar exposure to liability. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches
 including costs associated with additional security technologies
 personnel
 experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. These costs
 which could be material
 could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.


 even if no breach has been attempted or has occurred
 can also adversely impact our brand and reputation and significantly impact our business. Additionally
 the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems
 as well as the sources and targets of these attacks
 change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. We will make significant investments in technology
 third-party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss
 but these security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches or data loss.




 which may result in a negative impact on our business and financial results. These strategic initiatives are designed to create growth
 improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value
 and include:




































 whether in the United Kingdom or the United States
 with a controlled program for expansion;&nbsp;







































 loyalty and digital capabilities.


 factors that may negatively affect the successful implementation of these initiatives
 which could adversely impact our business and financial results
 include the following:









 such as general market and minimum wage levels and investing in competitive compensation
 increased health care and workers&#8217; compensation insurance costs and other benefits to attract and retain high quality employees with the right skill sets
 whether due to regulatory mandates
 changing industry practices or our expansion into new channels or technology dependent operations;


























 either of which could keep us from meeting annual store opening targets;


























 brands and platforms (i.e. mobile technology)
 or customers reducing their demand for our current offerings as new products are introduced;













 maintain
 develop and are able to negotiate appropriate terms and conditions of
 and enforce
 commercial and other agreements;


























 which could limit the availability of additional financing and increase the cost of obtaining financing to fund our initiatives.














 our business is also in part dependent on the level of support our retail business partners provide our products
 and in some markets
 there are only a few retailers. If our strategic retail business partners do not provide sufficient levels of support for our products
 which is at their discretion
 it could limit our ability to grow our business.


 especially as we expand into the United States
 where we must manage the need for flexibility and a degree of autonomy for local management against the need for consistency with our goals
 philosophy and standards. Growth can make it increasingly difficult to ensure a consistent supply of high-quality raw materials
 to locate and hire sufficient numbers of key employees
 to maintain an effective system of internal controls for a globally dispersed enterprise and to train employees worldwide to deliver a consistently high-quality product and customer experience. Furthermore
 if we are not successful in implementing these strategic initiatives
 we may be required to evaluate whether certain assets
 including goodwill and other intangibles
 have become impaired. In the event we record an impairment charge
 it could have a material impact on our financial results.

We will face intense competition in our markets
 which could cause reduced profitability.


 including with respect to product quality
 innovation
 service
 convenience
 and price
 and we face significant and increasing competition in all these areas in our current market
 as well as our expansion. Accordingly
 we do not have leadership positions in all markets. In our expansion in the United States
 we are cognizant of our competitors
 both regional and global
 including the large presence of Starbucks&#174;
 which could lead to decreases in customer traffic to our stores and/or average value per transaction adversely affecting our sales and results of operations. Therefore
 continued competition from well-established competitors in our markets could hinder growth and adversely affect our sales and results of operations in those markets. Increased competition in the United States packaged coffee
 single-serve and ready-to-drink coffee beverage markets
 including from new and large entrants to this market
 could adversely affect the profitability of our stores. Additionally
 declines in customer demand for specialty coffee products for any reason
 including due to customer preference for other products
 could have a negative effect on our business.




 roast and sell high-quality whole bean coffee beans and related coffee products. The price of coffee is subject to significant volatility and has and may again increase significantly due to one or more of the factors described below. The high-quality coffee of the quality we seek tends to trade on a negotiated basis at a premium price. This premium depends upon the supply and demand at the time of purchase and the amount of the premium can vary significantly. Increases in the coffee commodity price does increase the price of high-quality coffee and also impact our ability to enter into fixed-price purchase commitments. We frequently enter into supply contracts whereby the quality
 quantity
 delivery period
 and other negotiated terms are agreed upon
 but the date
 and therefore price
 at which the base coffee commodity price component will be fixed has not yet been established. These are known as price-to-be-fixed contracts. The supply and price of coffee we purchase can also be affected by multiple factors in the producing countries
 including weather
 natural disasters
 crop disease
 general increase in farm inputs and costs of production
 inventory levels and political and economic conditions
 as well as the actions of certain organizations and associations that have historically attempted to influence prices of green coffee through agreements establishing export quotas or by restricting coffee supplies. Speculative trading in coffee commodities can also influence coffee prices. Because of the significance of coffee beans to our operations
 combined with our ability to only partially mitigate future price risk through purchasing practices and hedging activities
 increases in the cost of high-quality coffee beans could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 


 particularly fluid milk
 to support the needs of our company-operated retail stores. Additionally
 and although less significant to our operations than coffee or dairy
 other commodities
 including but not limited to tea and those related to food and beverage inputs
 such as cocoa
 produce
 baking ingredients
 meats
 eggs and energy
 as well as the processing of these inputs
 are important to our operations. Increases in the cost of dairy products and other commodities
 or lack of availability
 whether due to supply shortages
 delays or interruptions in processing
 or otherwise
 could have an adverse impact on our profitability.

Our financial condition and results of operations are sensitive to
 and may be adversely affected by
 a number of factors
 many of which are largely outside our control.


 many of which are largely outside our control. Any one or more of the factors listed below or described elsewhere in this risk factors section could adversely impact our business
 financial condition and/or results of operations:



































 labor discord
 war
 terrorism
 political instability
 boycotts
 social unrest
 and natural disasters
 including health pandemics that lead to avoidance of public places or restrictions on public gatherings such as in our stores.




 such as material interruption of roasted coffee supply due to the casualty loss of any of our roasting plants
 interruptions in service by our third-party logistic service providers or common carriers that ship goods within our distribution channels
 trade restrictions
 such as increased tariffs or quotas
 embargoes or customs restrictions
 or natural disasters that cause a material disruption in our supply chain could negatively impact our business and our profitability.


 beverage and other products are sourced from a wide variety of business partners in our supply chain operations. We rely on these suppliers and vendors to provide high quality products and to comply with applicable laws. Our ability to find qualified suppliers and vendors who meet our standards and supply products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge
 especially countries or regions with diminished infrastructure
 developing or failing economies or experiencing political instability or social unrest. For certain products
 we may rely on one or very few suppliers or vendors. A supplier's or vendor's failure to meet our standards
 provide products in a timely and efficient manner
 or comply with applicable laws is beyond our control. These issues
 especially for those products for which we rely on one or few suppliers or vendors
 could negatively impact our business and profitability.













Existing regulations
 and changes to such regulations
 may present technical
 regulatory and economic barriers to the use of our products
 which may significantly reduce demand for our products.



Our company is projected to experience rapid growth in operations
 which will place significant demands on its management
 operational and financial infrastructure


 the quality of its products could suffer
 which could negatively affect the Company's brand and operating results. To effectively manage this growth
 the Company will need to continue to improve its operational
 financial and management controls and its reporting systems and procedures. Failure to implement these improvements could hurt the Company's ability to manage its growth and financial position.

The Company treats its proprietary information as confidential and relies on internal nondisclosure safeguards and on laws protecting trade secrets
 all to protect its proprietary information


 trademarks
 trade secrets
 copyrights and/or other intellectual property rights are important assets to the Company. Various events outside of the Company's control pose a threat to its intellectual property rights as well as to the Company's products and services. Although the Company seeks to obtain patent protection for its systems
 it is possible that the Company may not be able to protect some of these innovations. There is always the possibility
 despite the Company's efforts
 that the scope of the protection gained will be insufficient or that an issued patent may be deemed invalid or unenforceable. 



We are subject to the reporting requirements of federal securities laws
 which can be expensive and may divert resources from other projects
 thus impairing our ability to grow.


 accordingly
 subject to the information and reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and other federal securities laws
 including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the &#8220;Sarbanes-Oxley Act&#8221;). The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports
 proxy statements and other information with the SEC (including reporting of the Merger) and furnishing audited reports to stockholders will cause our expenses to be higher than they would be if we remained privately held.

If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control
 we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or to prevent fraud. Any inability to report and file our financial results accurately and timely could harm our reputation and adversely impact the trading price of our common stock.


 difficult and costly for us to develop and implement the internal controls and reporting procedures required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We may need to hire additional financial reporting
 internal controls and other finance personnel in order to develop and implement appropriate internal controls and reporting procedures. Effective internal control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud
 we may not be able to manage our business as effectively as we would if an effective control environment existed
 and our business and reputation with investors may be harmed. In addition
 if we are unable to comply with the internal controls requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
 then we may not be able to obtain the independent accountant certifications required by such act
 which may preclude us from keeping our filings with the SEC current and may adversely affect any market for
 and the liquidity of
 our common stock.




 we expect these new rules and regulations to increase our compliance costs and to make certain activities more time consuming and costly. As a public company
 we also expect that these new rules and regulations may make it more difficult and expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance in the future and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result
 it may be more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers.

Because we became public by means of a merger
 we may not be able to attract the attention of major brokerage firms.


 in the future
 want to conduct any secondary offerings on behalf of our post-Merger company.
















 many of which are beyond our control
 including the following:
















































































































 the securities markets have from time to time experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that are unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may also materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock.




 financial condition and other business and economic factors affecting us at such time as our board of directors may consider relevant. If we do not pay dividends
 our common stock may be less valuable because a return on your investment will only occur if our stock price appreciates.




 but is traded sporadically. We cannot predict how liquid the market for our common stock might become. As soon as is practicable after becoming eligible
 we anticipate applying for listing of our common stock on either the NYSE Amex Equities
 The NASDAQ Capital Market or other national securities exchange
 assuming that we can satisfy the initial listing standards for such exchange. We currently do not satisfy the initial listing standards for any of these exchanges
 and cannot ensure that we will be able to satisfy such listing standards or that our common stock will be accepted for listing on any such exchange. Should we fail to satisfy the initial listing standards of such exchanges
 or our common stock is otherwise rejected for listing and remains quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or is suspended from the OTC Bulletin Board
 the trading price of our common stock could suffer and the trading market for our common stock may be less liquid
 and our common stock price may be subject to increased volatility.


 for companies whose securities are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board
 it is more difficult (i) to obtain accurate quotations
 (ii) to obtain coverage for significant news events because major wire services generally do not publish press releases about such companies
 and (iii) to obtain needed capital.













The market price of our common stock can become volatile
 leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you may want to sell your holdings


 many of which are beyond our control
 may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include: our earnings releases
 actual or anticipated changes in our earnings
 fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors; changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; speculation about our business in the press or the investment community; significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers or suppliers; stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and
 in particular
 those that are in our industry; customer demand for our products; investor perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular; the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; general economic conditions and trends; announcements by us or our competitors of new products
 significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships or divestitures; changes in accounting standards
 policies
 guidance
 interpretation or principles; loss of external funding sources; sales of our common stock
 including sales by our directors
 officers or significant stockholders; and additions or departures of key personnel. Securities class action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this type of litigation be instituted against us
 it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management's attention and resources.


 securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. We do not intend to pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future.

Our common stock is currently considered a &#8220;penny stock
&#8221; which may make it more difficult for our investors to sell their shares.


 other than companies that have had average revenue of at least $6
000
000 for the last three years or that have tangible net worth of at least $5
000
000 ($2
000
000 if the company has been operating for three or more years). These rules require
 among other things
 that brokers who trade penny stock to persons other than &#8220;established customers&#8221; complete certain documentation
 make suitability inquiries of investors and provide investors with certain information concerning trading in the security
 including a risk disclosure document and quote information under certain circumstances. Many brokers have decided not to trade penny stocks because of the requirements of the penny stock rules and
 as a result
 the number of broker-dealers willing to act as market makers in such securities is limited. If we remain subject to the penny stock rules for any significant period
 it could have an adverse effect on the market
 if any
 for our securities. Since our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 investors may find it more difficult to dispose of our securities.




 or upon the expiration of any statutory holding period under Rule 144
 or issued upon the exercise of outstanding options or warrants
 it could create a circumstance commonly referred to as an &#8220;overhang&#8221; and in anticipation of which the market price of our common stock could fall. The existence of an overhang
 whether or not sales have occurred or are occurring
 also could make more difficult our ability to raise additional financing through the sale of equity or equity-related securities in the future at a time and price that we deem reasonable or appropriate.

Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 our chairman of our board of directors
 beneficially owns a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock
 which enables him to influence many significant corporate actions and in certain circumstances may prevent a change in control that would otherwise be beneficial to our stockholders.


 as of August 31
 2017
 beneficially owns 75.1% of our outstanding shares of common stock. As such
 he has a substantial impact on matters requiring the vote of the stockholders
 including the election of our directors and most of our corporate actions. This control could delay
 defer
 or prevent others from initiating a potential merger
 takeover or other change in our control
 even if these actions would benefit our stockholders and us. This control could adversely affect the voting and other rights of our other stockholders and could depress the market price of our common stock.








 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease on a month-to-month basis. This facility serves as our corporate headquarters. Our operations in the United Kingdom (&#8220;UK&#8221;) have a UK administrative office and 15 storefronts. We have one storefront in the United States. Each location is subject to a lease agreement with different terms and conditions.




 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of October 25
 2017
 there were no pending or threatened lawsuits that could reasonably be expected to have a material effect on the results of our operations.



















Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.






 2016. Previously
 the Company traded under the symbol &#8220;FWFH.PK.&#8221; As of August 31
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s common stock was held by 18 shareholders of record
 which does not include shareholders whose shares are held in street or nominee name.


 2016 (for FWF Holdings
 Inc.). The following chart is indicative of the fluctuations in the stock prices for the fiscal years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016:









For the Years Ended August 31


























































































































































































































 LLC
 located at 18 Lafayette Place
 Woodmere
 New York
 11598.




 if any
 for use in our operations and in the development of our business. Our future dividend policy will be determined from time to time by our board of directors.








 other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or quoted on the NASDAQ Stock Market System
 provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or quotation system. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer
 prior to a transaction in a penny stock
 to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the Commission
 that:
















 clear
 narrative description of a&nbsp;dealer market
 including bid and ask prices for penny stocks and the significance of the spread between the bid and ask price;





















 including language
 type
 size and format
 as the Commission shall require&nbsp;by rule or regulation.


 prior to effecting any transaction in a penny stock
 the customer with:























 or other comparable information relating to the depth and liquidity of the marker for such stock; and





















 the penny stock rules that require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules; the broker-dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's written acknowledgement of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement
 a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks
 and a signed and dated copy of a written suitably statement.














&#8221; this item is inapplicable.




 as amended
 and Rule 3b-6 of the Securities Act of 1934
 as amended
 that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not historical facts
 but rather are based on current expectations
 estimates and projections about our industry
 our beliefs and our assumptions. Words such as &#8220;anticipate
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;seeks&#8221; and &#8220;estimates&#8221; and variations of these words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks
 uncertainties and other factors
 some of which are beyond our control and difficult to predict and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which apply only as of the date of this Form 10-K. Investors should carefully consider all of such risks before making an investment decision with respect to the Company&#8217;s stock. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and summary of selected financial data for DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.). Such discussion represents only the best present assessment from our Management.




 2014 and established a fiscal year end of July 31. On August 4
 2016
 the Company filed with the State of Nevada to change its fiscal year to August 31.


 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;) acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 75.8% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock at that time.


 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018. Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 we were a company that was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot sauce.


 we opened our first coffee shop in the United States
 in Chicago
 Illinois.















COMPARISON OF THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31
 2017 TO THE YEAR ENDED AUGUST 31
 2016



 For the year ended August 31
 2017
 we had $4
180
483 (&#163;3
196
245) of revenue
 compared to $3
869
517 (&#163;2
695
945) for the same period in 2016. Revenue in U.S. Dollars increased at a greater percent (40.4%)
 whereas revenue in British Pounds increased &#163;500
300
 or 18.6%
 compared to the year ended August 31
 2016. In the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company had 15 coffee shop locations in operation
 with nine of these locations having opened in fiscal year 2017
 and with these new sites providing increased sales of $879
356 (&#163;672
324) during the year ended August 31
 2017
 and with sales from these locations anticipated to increase to reflect being fully established. At August 31
 2016
 there were 10 locations in full operation. One location was closed during the year ended August 31
 2017
 due to constraining issues related to construction in the area. The Company&#8217;s mature coffee shop sites performed within management&#8217;s expectations for the year ended August 31
 2017. Company revenues
 by revenue class
 are as follows:
























 2017






 2016








669







805







409







375































































































180







196







869







695








































 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table. 



 For the year ended August 31
 2017
 direct costs of revenue were $3
633
591 (&#163;2
778
112) compared to $2
458
240 (&#163;1
714
595) for the same period in 2016. For presentation purposes
 direct costs of revenue
 as reported in U.S. Dollars on the consolidated financial statements
 increased by a lesser percentage (47.8%) than direct costs of revenue in British Pounds
 which increased &#163;1
063
517
 or by 62.0%
 as compared to the year ended August 31
 2016. The increase is primarily due to the increase in coffee shop locations during the year ended August 31
 2017 as compared to the prior fiscal year. Specifically
 the increased labor costs of &#163;291
145 (&#163;1
394
981 for the year ended August 31
 2017
 compared to &#163;1
103
836 for the comparable period in 2016)
 or 26.4% for the year ended August 31
 2017
 compared to the same period in 2016
 were incurred to ensure adequate staffing levels for the net five new locations added during this period. The increased labor costs were compliant with management expectations. The cost of revenues
 by revenue class
 are as follows:
























 2017






 2016








479







660







316







619































































































633







778







458







714








































 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table. 

 For the year ended August 31
 2017
 the consolidated UK and US general and administrative expenses were $1
927
402
 compared to $1
439
878 for the same period in 2016 for the consolidated UK and US. For presentation purposes
 general and administrative expenses for the UK operations
 as reported in U.S. Dollars
 reflect an increase of 33.9% in general and administrative expenses
 whereas general and administrative expenses of the operational subsidiary
 in British pounds
 increased &#163;255
612
 or 25.8%. The expenses related to the early stages of the US coffee shop operations
 as well as the US parent company
 were $87
414 for the year ended August 31
 2017
 compared to $0 for the same period in 2016. For the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company had expenses related to being a publicly-registered entity of $67
321
 whereas in the year ended August 31
 2016
 there were no comparable expenses. For the year ended August 31
 2017
 there were one-time expenses related to the opening and/or preparing for the opening
 of seven new coffee shop locations in this period
 which expenses were $111
175 (&#163;85
000) for the UK operations and $16
699 for the US operations. The increase in general and administrative expenses during the year ended August 31
 2017
 as compared to August 31
 2016
 are therefore primarily a result of the increase in operating expenses associated with being a publicly-registered entity and the increase in expenses associated with opening new coffee shop locations. For comparison purposes
 the actual general and administrative expenses for the current operations
 excluding the expansion costs and the costs related to being a publicly-registered entity
 were $1
794
856
 which is 93.1% of the reported amount.

 We had a net loss of $1
425
846 for the year ended August 31
 2017
 compared to net income of $27
325 for the same period in 2016. For both comparable periods
 the Company&#8217;s primary expenses were direct costs of revenue. As discussed above
 the costs associated with setting up new locations and being a publicly-registered entity resulted in much of the increase in expenses
 which increased our net loss during the year ended August 31
 2017
 as compared to the year ended August 31
 2016. For further comparison purposes
 deducting the cost of setting up new locations and the costs of being a publicly-registered entity
 we believe our general and administrative expenses would have decreased by $132
275
 and combined with the impairment expense of $46
566 related to the impairment of goodwill recorded in regards to the acquisition of DEPT-UK
 and for comparison purposes only
 our net loss would have been significantly less.


 which
 for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 accounted for sales of $796
904 (&#163;609
284
 or 19.1% of total revenue in British Pounds) and $451
261 (&#163;314
400
 or 11.7% of total revenue in British Pounds)
 respectively. The Company has a contract with this customer that expires in February 2020.















 At August 31
 2017
 we had cash and cash equivalents of $93
400. We have historically met our cash needs through a combination of cash flows from operating activities and proceeds from loans and financing by our officers and directors. Our cash requirements are generally for selling
 general and administrative activities. We believe that our cash balance is not sufficient to finance our cash requirements for expected operational activities
 capital improvements
 and partial repayment of debt through the next 12 months.


424 for the year ended August 31
 2017
 and we had $173
902 of cash used in operations during the same period in 2016. The principal elements of cash flow from operations for the year ended August 31
 2017
 included a net loss of $1
425
846.


 2017
 was $831
267 compared to $186
443 during the same period in 2016.


564
954 for the year ended August 31
 2017
 compared to cash generated of $370
227 during the comparable period in 2016.


 2017
 current liabilities exceeded current assets. Current assets decreased from $804
510 at August 31
 2016
 to $673
969 at August 31
 2017
 whereas current liabilities increased from $803
343 at August 31
 2016
 to $1
428
250 at August 31
 2017.


















August 31









































































564



















































 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of $770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
 the Company had a stockholders&#8217; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further funding
 these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.


 the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.&nbsp;




 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources.



 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period for intangible assets
 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 depreciable lives of the web site and property and equipment
 valuation of warrant and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
 valuation of share-based payments and the valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.















 The Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets.&#8221; This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.

 The Company measures their financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses escrow liability and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.


 financial position or liquidity. This standard defines fair value
 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:




 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us
 which reflect those that a market participant would use.

 The Company recognizes revenue for our services in accordance with ASC 605-10
 Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements. Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement did exist
 delivery of service has occurred
 the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company has one primary revenue streams as follows:





























&#8221; this item is inapplicable.















DOCASA
 Inc.



























































































































Green &amp; Company
 CPAs










 Inc.


 Inc. as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the related consolidated statement of operations
 stockholders&#8217; deficiency
 and cash flows for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&#8217;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. 


 nor where we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of DOCASA
 Inc. as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


 the Company reported a net loss of $1
425
846 in 2017
 and used cash for operating activities of $731
424. At August 31
 2017
 the Company had a working capital deficit
 shareholders&#8217; equity and accumulated deficit of $770
349
 $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. These matters raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&#8217;s plans as to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/s/ Green &amp; Company CPAs
 Inc.


 Inc.

 Florida

 2017





 Street
 Suite 330

Temple Terrace
 FL 33617



















DOCASA
 INC.








August 31




















































































 net (includes $0 and $288
389 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)

















































































































 net





672














 net
















































































486







586



























































































































































 current
























661








557










444




















































040 and $39
540 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)






























































024








036












































 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 



















036
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding
 at August 31
 2017



















 and 57
064
000 and 0 conditionally issuable
 at August 31
 



















 respectively




































000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par



















 0 and 243
800 shares issued and outstanding as of



















 2017 and 2016
 respectively)


















000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par



















 0 and 0 shares issued and outstanding as of



















 2017 and 2016
 respectively)

















000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par



















 1
642
826 and 870
826 shares issued and outstanding as of



















 2017 and 2016
 respectively)












154

















































142
804


















766
367






340




























486







586






















DOCASA
 INC.








For the years ended August 31





































 net




180







869

















































633








458























































































091






































380













































































































427






















































425








































































459





































































025








800


















DOCASA
 INC.


August 31
 2017



























































































































































































































































































































Balance
 August 31
 2015




2
000



3
195




241
800



386
535






























193
540







58
402







(1
367
846


(726
175








241
800




386
535




(241
800



(386
535































































































































870
826




1
154
127


































1
154
127

















































































94
785
















94
785




Net income for the period ended August 31
 2016























































































27
325




27
325




Balance
 August 31
 2016




243
800



389
730































870
826



1
154
127



193
540







153
187







(1
340
521


550
063









(243
800



(389
730















146
800
000




146
800




60
000
000




60
000




(870
826



(1
154
127



(193
540



376
677










1
154
127












































2
936
000




2
936




(2
936
000



(2
936















































































300
000







































299
700






















300
000

















































































(33
723















(33
723





















































































996
203










996
203





















































































(6
296









(6
296










































































82
592






















82
592




Net loss for the period ended August 31
 2017


















































































(1
230



(1
425
846



(1
427
076



Balance
 August 31
 2017






















150
036
000



150
036




57
064
000



57
064
















758
969



119
464



2
142
804



(2
766
367


461
970





















DOCASA
 INC.








For the Years Ended August 31









































425






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































229




































244



































564





























































































































































































































































DOCASA
 Inc.


August 31
 2017






 Inc. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;DOCASA&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from July 31 to August 31.


 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 75.8% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock at that time. 


 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018. Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#8220;DCIA&#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.


 The Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 on November 9
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. On February 28
 2014
 the name was changed to DOCASA Limited. On May 1
 2015
 the name was changed to Eat Sleep Juice Repeat Limited. As of January 18
 2017
 this subsidiary
 with no operations or activity
 was sold for &#163;1.


 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#8220;DEPT-IL&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation. 


 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#8220;DEPT-UKWS&#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.


 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a reverse merger rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.




 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company will generate revenue through sales at fifteen existing company-operated coffee shop locations in the UK
 with seven more locations under construction. The Company is expanding its operations to the United States and is opening its first coffee shop in Chicago
 Illinois in October 2017. Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations. Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks. The Company
 as of August 31
 2017
 has discontinued its hot sauce products which had no activity in the year ended August 31
 2017 (see Note 3). Accounting for discontinued operations not required due to immateriality. 




 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&#8217;s subsidiary
 DEPT-UKWS. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




















 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 allowance for accounts receivable
 depreciable lives of the web site
 valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
 valuation of derivatives
 and valuation of share-based payments.








 it was written off against the allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts as of August 31
 2017.





Property
 Equipment and Depreciation


 five years for office furniture and fixtures
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements
 if any
 would be amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with fixed assets below our capitalization threshold are expensed as incurred.




 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#8221;. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




 including cash
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.


 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:




 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us
 which reflect those that a market participant would use.
















 &#8220;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.&#8221; Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement did exist
 delivery of service has occurred
 the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company has three primary revenue streams as follows:
































 2017 and 2016 advertising expense was $39
628 and $27
395
 respectively.




 &#8220;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of August 31
 2017
 tax years 2014 &#8211; 2017 remain open for IRS audit and tax years 2015&#8211;2017 remain open for HM Revenue &amp; Customs (&#8220;HMRC&#8221;) audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for any of the open tax years.


Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48
&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740-10&#8221;)
 which was issued on May 2
 2007. ASC 740-10 amends FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term &#8220;effectively settled&#8221; replaces the term &#8220;ultimately settled&#8221; when used to describe recognition
 and the terms &#8220;settlement&#8221; or &#8220;settled&#8221; replace the terms &#8220;ultimate settlement&#8221; or &#8220;ultimately settled&#8221; when used to describe measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC 740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. The adoption of ASC 740-10 did not have an impact on the accompanying financial statements.




 &#8220;Earnings Per Share
&#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock equivalent shares outstanding during the period.




&#8221; &#8220;$&#8221;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are accumulated as a component of stockholders&#8217; equity and other comprehensive income.
















 under U.S. GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2016
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.318 = &#163;1.00.




 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of $770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
 the Company had a stockholders&#8217; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further funding
 these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.


 which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&#8217;s plans
 which include the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements.


 the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.&nbsp;




 &#8220;Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information&#8221;
 the Company is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not have any operating segments as of August 31
 2017 and 2016.




 2017 through the date these financial statements were issued.


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 and the ASU will have no effect on cash flows.


 Revenue &#8211; Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB has also issued several updates to ASU 2014-09. The new standard supersedes U.S. GAAP guidance on revenue recognition and requires the use of more estimates and judgments than the present standards. It also requires additional disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance effective January 1
 2017
 by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an increase to the opening balance of retained earnings. We expect this adjustment to be less than $100 million
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing basis. Adoption of the new standard will also result in changes in classification between Revenues
 Cost of sales
 Non-Financial Services interest income and other income/(loss)
 net
 and Financial Services other income/(loss)
 net.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 &#8220;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&#8221; The amendments in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features) with down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity instruments
 a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments. As a result
 a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion option) no longer would be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round feature. For freestanding equity classified financial instruments
 the amendments require entities that present earnings per share (EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features are now subject to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion features (in Subtopic 470-20
 Debt&#8212;Debt with Conversion and Other Options)
 including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260). The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are presented as pending content in the Codification
 to a scope exception. Those amendments do not have an accounting effect.














 an equity-linked financial instrument with a down round feature that otherwise is not required to be classified as a liability under the guidance in Topic 480 is evaluated under the guidance in Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging
 to determine whether it meets the definition of a derivative. If it meets that definition
 the instrument (or embedded feature) is evaluated to determine whether it is indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock as part of the analysis of whether it qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. Generally
 for warrants and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares are readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition of a derivative)
 the existence of a down round feature results in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity&#8217;s own stock. This results in a reporting entity being required to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated conversion option as a liability
 which the entity must measure at fair value initially and at each subsequent reporting date.


 Derivatives and Hedging&#8212;Contracts in Entity&#8217;s Own Equity
 which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would be classified in equity under the guidance in Subtopic 815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do qualify
 freestanding instruments with down round features are no longer classified as liabilities and embedded conversion options with down round features are no longer bifurcated.


 and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding financial instrument
 the value of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a numerator adjustment in the basic EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder of the instrument
 while alleviating the complexity and income statement volatility associated with fair value measurement on an ongoing basis. Convertible instruments are unaffected by the Topic 260 amendments in this Update.


 assuming the required criteria for equity classification in Subtopic 815-40 are met
 an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument at fair value at each reporting period (in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case of convertible instruments) on the basis of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features
 applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features rather than bifurcating an embedded derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance
 the issuer recognizes the intrinsic value of the feature only when the feature becomes beneficial instead of bifurcating the conversion option and measuring it at fair value each reporting period.




 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. For all other entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted for all entities
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The amendments in Part 1 of this Update should be applied in either of the following ways: 1. Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial position as of the beginning of the first fiscal year and interim period(s) in which the pending content that links to this paragraph is effective; or 2. Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature for each prior reporting period presented in accordance with the guidance on accounting changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5 through 45-10.








 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.
 the &#8220;Public Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221;) entered into an acquisition agreement (the &#8220;Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited (the &#8220;Private Company&#8221;)
 a United Kingdom corporation. Prior to the acquisition
 Pankaj Rajani
 an officer and director of the Public Company
 through Atlantik
 acquired 115
000
000
 or 75.8% of the outstanding shares of DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.)
 the public company. Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 an individual
 and the Private Company&#8217;s chairman (&#8220;Allesch-Taylor
&#8221; or &#8220;Shareholder&#8221;)
 was the owner of record of 99.8% of the voting shares of the Private Company (the &#8220;Private Company Stock&#8221;). Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company Stock was transferred to the Public Company in consideration of the Public Company issuing Shareholder 170
000
000 shares (the &#8220;New Shares&#8221;) of the Public Company&#8217;s common stock to the Shareholder (or his designees) in an initial tranche of 110
000
000 shares and a subsequent tranche of 60
000
000 shares. The Public Company issued Shareholder 110
000
000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Public Company&#8217;s restricted common stock at the time of the execution of the Agreement. The Public Company was required to issue a second tranche of 60
000
000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock (the &#8220;Deferred Shares&#8221;) at a time to be determined by the Public Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000 shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor leaving 57
064
000 shares as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. The issuance of the Deferred Shares is not conditional or contingent on any event or action by any party to the Agreement. As a result of the Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company became a subsidiary of the Public Company. See Notes 1
 8
 9 and 10.














 (i) Allesch-Taylor and Gill were appointed to serve on the Public Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 serving as Chairman and Vice-Chairman
 respectively; and (ii) Ashley Lopez (&#8220;Lopez&#8221;) was appointed Chief Executive Officer and President and Kazi Shahid (&#8220;Shahid&#8221;) was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Allesch-Taylor
 Gill
 Lopez and Shahid maintained the same positions with DEPT-UK. Subsequently
 Shahid resigned in March 2017 as Chief Financial Officer of the Public Company and DEPT-UK.


 the future period equity amounts will be retro-actively restated to reflect the equity instruments of the&nbsp;accounting acquirer.




























































































































































566 was impaired and expensed it accordingly in the period ended November 30
 2016.




 the Share Exchange represented a &#8220;reverse merger&#8221; rather than a business combination and Private Company was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. The Share Exchange has been accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.


 and the Public Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is treated as the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the Share Exchange are those of the Private Company and are recorded at the historical cost basis of the Private Company
 and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets and liabilities of the Public Company and the Private Company
 and the historical operations of Private Company and operations of both companies from the closing date of the Share Exchange.




 2017
 the Company determined that the short- and long-term potential for the hot sauce products were not sufficient to warrant continuing this product line thereby discontinuing all operations in regards to the hot sauce products. The only balance sheet item related to the hot sauce products was inventory of $731
 which was written off accordingly. Due to immateriality and no operations in the year ended August 31
 2017
 there is no accounting for discontinued operations required.




 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has net receivables of $496
822 and $368
807
 respectively. The receivables are as follows:









August 31






August 31










































































 net
















 therefore there is no applicable interest
 it is unsecured
 and no due date.
















 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had inventory for the coffee related products of $47
477 and $40
323
 respectively. The Company accounts for its inventory using the lower of cost or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.


 2017
 the Company had 49 cases containing 12 bottles per case (588 bottles) of hot sauce products. Due to the shelf life and the lack of sales
 the Company wrote off the inventory of hot sauce products and discontinued this product line (see Note 3).











August 31






August 31


































































































 2016
 and due to the reverse merger with DEPT-UK were not reflected as of August 31
 2016 (since the reverse merge did not occur until September 1
 2016). 




 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site furniture
 fixtures and fittings. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had total fixed assets of $2
294
264 and $1
126
093
 respectively
 with accumulated depreciation of $622
088 and $451
466
 respectively
 for net fixed assets of $1
672
176 and $674
627
 respectively. Variances between the two reporting periods are primarily due to the currency translation calculation. The fixed assets are as follows:






























August 31






August 31






August 31































































































































































































588































606














 fixtures and fittings






















































276








126























294








126









































088













 net




654















175













672
176











 2017 and 2016
 was $183
374 and $139
837
 respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in accumulated depreciation is due to timing of the currency translation calculation.




 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization
 of $10
134 and $9
065
 respectively. Variances between the two reporting periods are primarily due to the currency translation calculation. The intangible assets are as follows:









August 31






August 31












































































 net




























 2017 and 2016
 was $7
271 and $9
751
 respectively. The variance between the expense and the increase in accumulated amortization is due to timing of the currency translation calculation. Amortization
 based on the currency translation calculation as of the date of this report
 for the next five years
 is as follows:



































































 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#8217;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for a 5% ownership of Radio Station (f/k/a Soho Radio Ltd.) for &#163;5
000 of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. The relationship with Radio Station will continue to provide the Company with intangible benefits. As the Company had previously impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the exchange resulted in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously impaired the investment as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 are still anticipated to be to the benefit of the Company. See Notes 10 and 11.




 2017 and 2016 are as follows:












August 31
 2017





August 31
 2016

























































































































































































































































































































































































































 2016 of $32
548 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company assumed this liability as a condition of the reverse merger.












August 31
 2017



August 31
 2016

























































































































































































































 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with International Capital Corporation (&#8220;ICC&#8221;). The loan is for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&#163;850
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&#163;542
617) into 542
617 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 10.


 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&#8220;Deij Capital&#8221;)
 a company in which Gill is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note was extended to July 1
 2018. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
 2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively. The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 10.


 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $2
194. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $5
067. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. See Notes 2 and 10.














 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $5
065. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $15
873. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of May 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $4
349. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices. The loan is for 4 years
 with an interest rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only payments for the first six months followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months. The loan was for $437
992 (&#163;352
500) with an initial $115
767 (&#163;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $409
718 (&#163;317
941) and $170
257 (&#163;129
178)
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 the current portion was $106
871 (&#163;82
932) and the non-current portion was $302
847 (&#163;235
009).


 2016
 the Company had a temporary loan from HSBC in the amount of $18
368. As of August 31
 2017
 the liability had been paid in full.


 2016
 DOCASA acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note for $320
000
 which is non-interest bearing and terminates in one year. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000 due September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000 due August 31
 2017. The $20
000 payment was made by a third party and recorded as contributed capital in September 2016. The remaining $300
000 balance was paid on November 30
 2016
 to Atlantik by Allesch-Taylor. See Notes 1
 2
 5
 6 and 10.




 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with ICC. The loan is for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&#163;850
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&#163;542
617) into 542
617 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 9.


 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&#8220;Deij Capital&#8221;)
 a company in which Gill is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of May 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
 2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively. The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 9.


 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. See Notes 2 and 9.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory note due to Nami Shams. See Notes 2 and 9.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. See Notes 2 and 9.


 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. See Notes 2 and 9.


 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. See Notes 2 and 9.


 2016
 Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of DOCASA
 provided DOCASA with a Forgiveness of Debt for $6
302 for advances made by Nami Shams to the Company.














 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for a payable of $255
450 (&#163;192
745). See Note 11.


 2016
 the majority shareholder of DOCASA
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8% of the outstanding shares of the Company at such time to Atlantik for a total purchase price of $200
000. See Notes 2 and 11.


 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note for $320
000. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000
 which was paid on September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000 due August 29
 2017. See Notes 1
 2
 4
 6 and 10.


 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 6 and 9) and initially issued 110
000
000 shares of common stock as part of the acquisition to Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 the Chairman of the Company. On April 6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor by August 31
 2017. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. In October 2017
 the Company issued an additional 8
976
875 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor (see Note 17).


 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&#163;10
750). See Note 11.


 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#8217;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &#163;5
000 of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously impaired the investment as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 will still be applicable. See Notes 8 and 11.


 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $63
990 (&#163;51
500). See Note 11.


 2017 and August 31
 2016
 the Company purchased $194
352 (&#163;150
817) and $132
508 (&#163;92
320)
 respectively
 of cakes from Dee Light
 a company which Gill
 the vice chairman of the Company
 was a 50% shareholder (until November 2016). As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Dee Light $70
165 (&#163;54
448) and $56
102 (&#163;42
566)
 respectively. 


 2017 and 2016
 the Company made sales or advances of $530
780 (&#163;405
815) and $328
924 (&#163;229
166)
 respectively
 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#8220;The Roastery Department&#8221;)
 and made purchases from it of &#163;217
418 and &#163;123
705 for the years ended August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company both has receivables and payables from The Roastery Department
 which netted as receivables of $1
198
811 (&#163;930
277) and payables of $452
674 (&#163;351
275)
 respectively. Gill
 the Company&#8217;s vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&#8220;Lopez&#8221;)
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
 when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
 was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost. The relationship between The Roastery Department and the Company
 as stated
 is classified as a barter transaction. Therefore
 the Company expensed the net of the receivable and the payable
 $417
436 (&#163;323
930)
 resulted in an expense of $423
680
 with the variance due to the currency translation. The Company maintains a receivable for cash advance of $328
703 (&#163;255
072).


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&#8217;s chairman
 payables of $41
174 (&#163;31
951) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively.


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&#8217;s chief executive officer
 payables of $893 (&#163;693) and $2
985 (&#163;2
265)
 respectively.


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman of the Company
 is the director and owner
 notes payable of $70
079 (&#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 accounts payable of $12
045 (&#163;9
347) and $5
390 (&#163;3
500)
 respectively.


 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&#8217;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 11). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company agreed to issue Allesch-Taylor 300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. As of that date
 the last stock transaction with stock was September 1
 2016
 which valued the common stock at $0.0027 per share
 and the Company therefore believes that the agreed valuation of $1.00 per share was fair and beneficial to the Company. Nevertheless
 this transaction was not necessarily an arm&#8217;s length transaction. As of August 31
 2017
 the stock has not been issued and is recorded as issuable.


 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP (&#8220;Clearbrook&#8221;)
 an entity where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15
 2017.




















000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. On March 26
 2015
 the Company increased its authorized common stock to 250
000
000 shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and non-cumulative
 with no pre-emptive rights.


 2016
 the majority shareholder of the Company
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8% of the outstanding shares of the Company for a total purchase price of $200
000. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 5 and 10). As a condition of the acquisition
 110
000
000 shares of common stock were issued on September 1
 2016. Additionally
 60
000
000 shares of common stock were issuable at the discretion of the board of directors but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000 shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor leaving 57
064
000 as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the deadline to issue the shares of August 31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company.


 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note for $320
000. The acquired shares were cancelled on September 1
 2016. See Notes 1
 2
 5 and 10.


 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&#8217;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 10). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company issued Allesch-Taylor 300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. The last transaction with stock was September 1
 2016
 which valued the common stock at $0.0027 per share. The Company&#8217;s common stock did not trade during this period therefore the value for the November 30
 2016 transaction was determined to be multiples higher than the last recorded transaction. The Company believes that the value is not beneficial to Allesch-Taylor but does not state that this was an arm&#8217;s length transaction. On April 6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor by August 31
 2018 (see Notes 1
 5
 6
 9 and 10).


 2017
 the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation.


 price per share and weighted average number of shares outstanding prior to the 115:1 forward split have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis unless otherwise noted.




 pursuant to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference shares
 par value &#163;1.00 per share (such subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &#8220;Preference Shares&#8221;). Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688 of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference Shares at any time or times after the date of issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to DEPT-UK not less than three months&#8217; previous notice in writing. The Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK
 can be purchased at the value they were issued or can be converted into contributed capital. The Preference Shares are accounted for as minority interest.


 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for payables of $255
450 (&#163;192
745). See Note 10.


 2016
 542
617 Preference Shares were issued to ICC in exchange for a debt of $719
143 (&#163;542
617). See Note 9.


 2016
 135
464 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital
 a company which is owned and controlled by Gill
 a director of the Company
 in exchange for a debt of $179
534 (&#163;135
464).


 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&#163;10
750). See Note 10.


 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#8217;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &#163;5
000 of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and was recorded. The Company had previously impaired the investment as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 will still be applicable. See Notes 8 and 10.


 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 300
000 Preference Shares for $374
479 (&#163;305
032).


 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 5
000 Preference Shares for $6
310 (&#163;5
000).


 2017
 29
250 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
300 (&#163;29
250). See Note 10.


 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 200
000 Preference Shares for $257
997 (&#163;200
000). 


 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 232
000 Preference Shares for $298
969 (&#163;232
000). 


 as recorded
 were reclassified to additional paid-in capital as part of consolidation.


















 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. As of October 25
 2017
 there were no pending or threatened lawsuits.




 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease that is monthly. This facility serves as our corporate office.


 are as follows:

































































241










850







 2016 (see Note 10)
 for DEPT-UK
 16 leases
 of which one is for the UK administrative office
 and 15 operational leases. The Company has one lease in the United States for DEPT-IL. The Company also has one coffee shop under construction in the US
 which is under lease
 and opened in October 2017. Various leases have break out dates prior to expiration. See Notes 2 and 10.


 2017.


500 for an undefined period of time.


 2017 and 2016
 was $463
655 and $418
193
 respectively.




 there was no provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets have been entirely offset by valuation allowances.


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has United States net operating loss carry forwards of $88
646 and $0
 respectively. The carry forwards expire through the year 2036. The Company&#8217;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual limitations
 which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The United Kingdom does not recognize net operating loss carry forwards.


 as follows:


















August 31




















































































 net of federal income tax benefit








































































































































 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 are as follows:









August 31





















































































































 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.


 the net deferred tax assets for 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation allowance. The valuation allowance for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $30
140 and $0 as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.






 which potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk
 consist principally of temporary cash investments.


 2017. There have been no losses in these accounts through August 31
 2017.




 which
 for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 had sales of $557
416 (&#163;426
180
 13.3% of total revenue) and $451
261 (&#163;372
678
 16.7% of total revenue)
 respectively. The Company has a contract with the customer that expires in February 2020.




 none of which are irreplaceable. The Company relies on one company to provide roasting services
 which could be replaced without any negative long-term effects on the Company.




 one a third-party and the other a related party
 for its notes payable.




 after the acquisition of DEPT-UK
 owns or has filed for the trademarks &#8220;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs
&#8221; &#8220;Coffeesmiths
&#8221; and &#8220;Elixir Espresso
&#8221; as filed with in Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the Trade Marks Registry
 the European Union with the Intellectual Property Office
 and the United States with the Patent and Trademark Office. 
















 2017 and 2016
 are as follows:
























August 31
 2017





August 31
 2016









669







805







409







375



































































































180







196







869







695




 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&nbsp;&nbsp;
























August 31
 2017





August 31
 2016









479







660







316







619



































































































633







778







458







714





 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;




 2017
 the Company had a minority interest of $1
230. For the year ended August 31
 2016
 the Company had a minority interest of $55
 which was not material therefore not recorded.




 2017
 and 2016
 capital lease obligations consisted of the following:


















August 31












































































 fixtures and fittings

























































 net










































































































































 except as stated herein.


 2017
 the Company opened its first coffee shop location in the United States
 in Chicago
 Illinois.


 2017
 the Company issued 8
976
875 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the original 60
000
000 shares issuable
 48
087
125 remain issuable by no later than August 31
 2018. 


 2017
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the second tranche of 60
000
000 shares issuable to Allesch-Taylor pursuant to the acquisition terms
 47
087
125 remain issuable to him by no later than August 31
 2018. 






















 processed
 summarized and reported
 within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include
 without limitation
 controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to the issuer's management
 including its principal executive and principal financial officers
 or persons performing similar functions
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company maintains such a system of controls and procedures in an effort to ensure that all information which it is required to disclose in the reports it files under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified under the SEC's rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to principal executive and principal financial officers to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.


 we carried out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving the objectives of timely alerting them to material information required to be included in our periodic SEC reports and of ensuring that such information is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported with the time periods specified. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer also concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this report to provide reasonable assurance of the achievement of these objectives. 




 or under the supervision of the CEO to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Internal controls over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records which in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of the Company&#8217;s assets; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&#8217;s assets that could have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.


 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


 such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company&#8217;s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.


 2017
 management used the criteria established in the Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#8220;COSO&#8221;). Based on the criteria established by COSO
 management (with the participation of the CEO and the CFO) identified the following material weaknesses in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of August 31
 2017
 which arose from the limited number of number of staff at the Company and the inability to achieve proper segregation of duties:


 including the review
 approval
 and documentation of related transactions and account reconciliations and other complex accounting procedures.
















 management concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of August 31
 2017
 based on the criteria established in Internal Control &#8211; Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO.






 there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 2017
 Kazi Shahid resigned as Chief Financial Officer of the Company to pursue other opportunities
 and the Company&#8217;s CEO
 Ashley Lopez
 assumed the role of Chief Financial Officer on an interim basis.




 including the CEO and CFO
 does not expect that our limited disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control system&#8217;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of the control system must reflect that there are resource constraints and that the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures.



















Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
























































 President (1) and Chief Financial Officer (2)








 2016.












 2017.




 executive officer and key employee of our company
 indicating the person&#8217;s principal occupation during that period
 and the name and principal business of the organization in which such occupation and employment were carried out.
















 specializing in start-ups
 business turnarounds and strategy change. He first served as Chairman of a UK public company at the age of 27 and has continued to serve on boards in the UK
 USA and Europe as CEO
 Chairman or senior non-executive director since that time. He has co-founded and/or served on the boards of companies in the property
 industrial
 medical
 agriculture
 technology
 sports
 retail
 hospitality and financial services sectors. Mr. Allesch-Taylor is the Deputy Chairman of Action Hotels PLC
 co-founder and Supervisory Board Member of Global Evolution A/S and non-executive director of Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP. Mr. Allesch-Taylor is authorized and regulated by the UK Financial Conduct Authority. He is authorized and regulated by the Danish Financial Services Authority. Mr. Allesch-Taylor is also approved and authorized as a &#8216;controller&#8217; of a German deposit-taking bank by the Bundesbank
 BaFin and German Deposit Protection Fund. He has co-founded and is the Chairman of several UK and international charities
 providing humanitarian aid and the alleviation of poverty for over 1.35 million people in Sub-Saharan Africa and the UK. Mr. Allesch-Taylor was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire in Her Majesty The Queen&#8217;s New Year Honours List 2014. In 2016
 he was appointed Professor in the Practice of Entrepreneurship
 King&#8217;s College
 London
 a global top 25 university with over 35
000 students and 6
500 staff.




 both public and private over the last 15 years in the United States and United Kingdom. He has worked principally in corporate start-ups and turnarounds as a strategic advisor in a variety of sectors
 including property
 technology
 food retail and financial services
 helping to arrange finance when necessary.


 providing free meals and support for the homeless in Central London and serving 10
000 meals since its inception in 2008. He serves as a Director of Pump Aid
 an award-winning UK charity that has provided clean water to over 1.35 million people in the poorest communities in rural Malawi and Zimbabwe. He is also a Director of The Afri-CAN Charity
 an organisation that focuses on training
 permanent employment and providing free school breakfasts in South Africa and Malawi. 


 over 5
000 children in London have benefitted from the program. 



 &#8211; Chief Executive Officer
 President and Chief Financial Officer


 Ashley moved to Chief Operating Officer in March 2013
 and on January 1
 2015
 she was appointed Chief Executive Officer. 


 growing the business from two locations and ten employees to sixteen locations and one hundred and thirty employees within three years. Ashley has acted as a strategic advisor to the Goldfinger Factory
 an award-winning design and up-cycling factory creating bespoke furniture and interiors. In June 2015
 she joined the Board of Business for Social Progress
 a new forum established by UCL&#8217;s Institute for Global Prosperity
 where business leaders discuss how to implement the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals in today&#8217;s business world. In January 2016
 she was appointed as a Trustee of the award-winning water charity
 Pump Aid. She is a Trustee of The Afri-CAN Children&#8217;s Charity and is a founding Member of the Central London Rough Sleepers Committee (&#8220;CLRSC&#8221;). The CLRSC provides meals and services to the homeless and socially vulnerable in Central London and has served 10
000 meals since its inception. 


 an MSc in Law &amp; Finance from Queen Mary University
 London and a MA in Management from the University of Westminster
 London. In July 2016
 she was chosen as the UK business magazine
 Management Today&#8217;s
 top 5 businesswomen in the UK under 35 years old. 
















 with vacancies filled by the Board of Directors
 and serve until their successors are elected and qualified
 or their earlier resignation or removal. Officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors or until their earlier resignation or removal. Any action required can be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the corporation which may be taken without a meeting
 without prior notice and without a vote
 if consent of consents in writing setting forth the action so taken
 shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the corporation by delivery to its registered office
 its principle place of business
 or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book in which the proceedings of meetings are recorded.




 directors
 and any corporate agents in terms sufficiently broad to indemnify such persons under certain circumstances for liabilities
 including reimbursement for expenses
 incurred arising under the 1933 Act. The Bylaws of the Company provide that the Company will indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent authorized or permitted by law and such right to indemnification will continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer of the Company and will inure to the benefit of his or her heirs
 executors and Consultants; provided
 however
 that
 except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification
 the Company will not be obligated to indemnify any director or officer in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board of Directors. The right to indemnification conferred will include the right to be paid by the Company the expenses (including attorney&#8217;s fees) incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition.


 to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board of Directors
 provide rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses to employees and agents of the Company similar to those conferred to directors and officers of the Company. The rights to indemnification and to the advancement of expenses are subject to the requirements of the 1940 Act to the extent applicable.


 the Company may maintain insurance
 at its expense
 to protect itself and any director
 officer
 employee or agent of the Company or another company against any expense
 liability or loss
 whether or not the Company would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense
 liability or loss under the Nevada General Corporation Law.




 2017 and 2016
 we did not have an independent director. Directors that were employees were not paid any fees for their role as director.




 officer
 significant employee or consultant has been convicted in a criminal proceeding
 exclusive of traffic violations.


 officer
 significant employee or consultant of the Company nor has any bankruptcy petition been filed against a partnership or business association where these persons were general partners or executive officers.


 officer
 significant employee or consultant has been permanently or temporarily enjoined
 barred
 suspended or otherwise limited from involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities.


 officer or significant employee has been convicted of violating a federal or state securities or commodities law.
















 Inc. does not have directors&#8217; and officers&#8217; liability insurance insuring our directors and officers against liability for acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or officers. 




 directors and employees
 including our principal executive officer and principal accounting officer
 but have not done so to date due to our relatively small size. We intend to adopt a written code of ethics in the near future.






 and since we are not currently listed on a national securities exchange
 we are not subject to any listing requirements mandating the establishment of any particular committees; all functions of a nominating/governance committee were performed by our whole board of directors. Our board of directors intends to appoint such persons and form such committees as are required to meet the corporate governance requirements imposed by the national securities exchanges as necessary. Our board of directors does not believe that it is necessary to have such committees at the early stage of the company&#8217;s development
 and our board of directors believes that the functions of such committees can be adequately performed by the members of our board of directors.






 and a Chief Executive Officer and a Chief Financial Officer (roles currently filled by a single executive officer) reporting to the Board of Directors. Our structure provides the Company with multiple leaders who represent the Company to our stockholders
 regulators
 business partners and other stakeholders
 among other reasons set forth below.




















 given the Company&#8217;s relatively small size
 its corporate strategy and focus.


 President and Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers and employees of the Company provide the Board of Directors with information regarding the Company&#8217;s risks.
















 for our last two fiscal years
 the compensation earned by Ashley Lopez
 our chief executive officer
 president and chief financial officer
 Kazi Shahid
 our former chief financial officer
 Nami Shams
 our former director and officer and Pankaj Rajani
 our former director and officer. The Company has executed an employment agreement with Ms. Lopez and previously had a consulting agreement for Mr. Rajani.


























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2016. Ms. Lopez was appointed to chief financial officer on March 15
 2017. Previously
 Ms. Lopez was appointed to the same positions at Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited on January 1
 2015. Ms. Lopez initially began with the subsidiary on March 1
 2012. Ms. Lopez is an employee of the subsidiary.








 2016. Mr. Shahid resigned from all positions on March 15
 2017. Previously
 Mr. Shahid was appointed to the same positions at Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited on January 17
 2016. Mr. Shahid initially began with the subsidiary on January 17
 2016. Mr. Shahid is compensated as a consultant through his consulting company.








 2016 and resigned from all positions on September 1
 2016.








 2014 and resigned from all positions on July 8
 2016.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 2016.&nbsp; Mr. Allesch-Taylor purchased Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a subsidiary of DOCASA
 Inc.
 where he is the Chairman.






 2016.&nbsp; Mr. Gill was appointed on June 2
 2010
 as a Director of Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a subsidiary of DOCASA
 Inc.
 where he is a Director.
















 2017
 for (i) each person or entity who
 to our knowledge
 beneficially owns more than 5% of our common stock; (ii) each executive officer and named officer; (iii) each director; and (iv) all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated in the footnotes to the following table
 each of the stockholders named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares of our common stock beneficially owned. Except as otherwise indicated
 the address of each of the stockholders listed below is: c/o 1901 North Roselle Road
 Suite 800
 Schaumburg
 Illinois 60195.











































































































300

















































































300























 2017
 a total of 147
100
000 shares of the Company's common stock are considered to be outstanding (and does not include issuable) pursuant to SEC Rule 13d-3(d)(1). For each Beneficial Owner listed
 any options exercisable within 60 days have been also included for purposes of calculating their percent of class.

















Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.








 as the term &#8220;independent&#8221; is defined in Section 803A of the NYSE Amex LLC Company Guide. Since the Over the Counter (&#8220;OTCQB&#8221;) does not have rules regarding director independence
 the Board makes its determination as to director independence based on the definition of &#8220;independence&#8221; as defined under the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (&#8220;NYSE&#8221;) and American Stock Exchange (&#8220;Amex&#8221;).




 Green &amp; Company CPA&#8217;s
 for the categories of services indicated.














































































































 Consists of fees billed for services relating to review of other regulatory filings including registration statements
 periodic reports and audit related consulting.

 Consists of professional services rendered by our principal accountant for tax compliance
 tax advice and tax planning.

















Item 15. Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.




 which Exhibit Index is incorporated herein by reference.





















Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on October 24
 2014)






Bylaws (incorporated by reference to our Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed on October 24
 2014)






Certificate of Amendment
 Change of Name (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16
 2016)






Certificate of Amendment
 Change of Fiscal Year (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 16
 2016)






Acquisition Agreement between DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) and Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 6
 2016)






Employment agreement with Ashley Lopez (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20
 2017)






Consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners LLP (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 20
 2017)






Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of DOCASA
 Inc. required by Rule 13a-14(1) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002






Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of DOCASA
 Inc. pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Section 1350 Of 18 U.S.C. 63






Unaudited Pro-Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements (incorporated by reference to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 20
 2017)






































































 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.











 2017


















 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.











 2017




























 2017











































REQUIRED BY RULE 13A-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS AMENDED




 Ashley Lopez
 certify that:








 Inc.;








 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;








 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

















 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;









 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;









 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and









 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and








 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):









 process
 summarize and report financial information; and









 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.















 2017










































PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350





 Ashley Lopez
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of DOCASA
 Inc. (the Company)
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:









 2017 (the Report) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and









 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.















 2017















































        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          
          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          
          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      


      




          


          






          


          




      


      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    



    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    



    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    


 2017
 the Company opened its first coffee shop location in the United States
 in Chicago

 2017
 the Company issued 8
976
875 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor&#13;in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the original 60
000
000 shares issuable
 48
087
125&#13;remain issuable by no later than August 31

 2017
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor&#13;in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the second tranche of 60
000
000 shares issuable&#13;to Allesch-Taylor pursuant to the acquisition terms
 47
087
125 remain issuable to him by no later than August 31


547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accounts payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(6
043&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(8
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total identifiable net liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(46
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Goodwill&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;46


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-left: 1.8pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; padding-left: 1.8pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; padding-left: 1.8pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Trade receivables&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;168
121&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;270
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Loan receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;328
701&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;109
755&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(11
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; padding-bottom: 0.75pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Receivables
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;496
822&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;368


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Consumable products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Food and drinks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;24
117&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
858&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Retail products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;5
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;8
965&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;47
477&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;40


&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; padding-left: 0.9pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Website development&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total intangible assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;29
428&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;21
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated amortization&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;19
294&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Intangible assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10
134&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9


 based on the currency translation&#13;calculation as of the date of this report
 for the next five years

835&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;299&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;10


 2017 and 2016
 respectively

&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Net operating loss carryforward&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;30
140&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(30



&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Tax expense (benefit) at the statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(45
553&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(3
606&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-deductible items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;15
832&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; padding-left: 11.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Non-U.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;367
468&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;(9
291&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;33


 2017 and 2016

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee and complementary food products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
669
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
805
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
409
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
375
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee school &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;12
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;9
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;20
357&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;14
183&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;498
751&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;381
327&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;439
947&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;306
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Hot sauce (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
180
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
196
245&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
869
517&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
695

 2016
 due&#13;to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016

 2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee and complementary food products&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
479
372&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
660
202&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
316
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
619
427&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Coffee school &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
319&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
388&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Management fees&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;152
900&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;116
902&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;139
268&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;93
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Hot sauce (a)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;3
633
591&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
778
112&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-top-style: solid; border-top-width: 1pt; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
458
240&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&amp;#163;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
714

 2016
 due&#13;to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    

    
    
    




    

    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

 of the original 60
000
000 shares issuable
 48
087
125 remain issuable by no later than August 31


 of the second tranche of 60
000
000 shares issuable to Allesch-Taylor pursuant to the acquisition terms
 47
087
125 remain issuable to him by no later than August 31

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 and the weighted average exchange rate&#13;for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &amp;#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2016

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



















    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    

&#13;Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.
 the &amp;#8220;Public Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our&amp;#8221;) entered&#13;into an acquisition agreement (the &amp;#8220;Acquisition Agreement&amp;#8221;) with Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited (the&#13;&amp;#8220;Private Company&amp;#8221;)
 a United Kingdom corporation. Prior to the acquisition
 Pankaj Rajani
 an officer and director&#13;of the Public Company
 through Atlantik
 acquired 115
000
000
 or 75.8% of the outstanding shares of DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
&#13;Inc.)
 the public company. Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 an individual
 and the Private Company&amp;#8217;s chairman (&amp;#8220;Allesch-Taylor
&amp;#8221;&#13;or &amp;#8220;Shareholder&amp;#8221;)
 was the owner of record of 99.8% of the voting shares of the Private Company (the &amp;#8220;Private&#13;Company Stock&amp;#8221;). Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company Stock was transferred to the Public Company&#13;in consideration of the Public Company issuing Shareholder 170
000
000 shares (the &amp;#8220;New Shares&amp;#8221;) of the Public Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock to the Shareholder (or his designees) in an initial tranche of 110
000
000 shares and a subsequent tranche of 60
000
000&#13;shares. The Public Company issued Shareholder 110
000
000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Public Company&amp;#8217;s restricted&#13;common stock at the time of the execution of the Agreement. The Public Company was required to issue a second tranche of 60
000
000&#13;fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted common stock (the &amp;#8220;Deferred Shares&amp;#8221;) at a time&#13;to be determined by the Public Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors
 but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000&#13;shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor leaving 57
064
000 shares as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested&#13;that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. The issuance&#13;of the Deferred Shares is not conditional or contingent on any event or action by any party to the Agreement. As a result of the&#13;Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company became a subsidiary of the Public Company. See Notes 1
 8

 (i) Allesch-Taylor and Gill were appointed to serve on the Public Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;Board of Directors
 serving as Chairman and Vice-Chairman
 respectively; and (ii) Ashley Lopez (&amp;#8220;Lopez&amp;#8221;) was appointed&#13;Chief Executive Officer and President and Kazi Shahid (&amp;#8220;Shahid&amp;#8221;) was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Allesch-Taylor
&#13;Gill
 Lopez and Shahid maintained the same positions with DEPT-UK. Subsequently







566 was impaired and expensed it accordingly in the period ended November 30


 and the Public Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
&#13;Inc.) is treated as the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the&#13;historical financial statements prior to the Share Exchange are those of the Private Company and are recorded at the historical&#13;cost basis of the Private Company
 and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets&#13;and liabilities of the Public Company and the Private Company


 2017
 the Company determined that the short- and long-term potential for the hot sauce products were not sufficient&#13;to warrant continuing this product line thereby discontinuing all operations in regards to the hot sauce products. The only balance&#13;sheet item related to the hot sauce products was inventory of $731
 which was written off accordingly. Due to immateriality and&#13;no operations in the year ended August 31
 2017


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has net receivables of $496
822 and $368
807











 therefore there is no applicable interest
 it is unsecured


 2017
 and 2016
&#13;the Company had inventory for the coffee related products of $47
477 and $40
323

 2017
 the Company had 49 cases containing 12 bottles per case (588 bottles) of hot sauce products. Due to the shelf&#13;life and the lack of sales











 2016
 and due to the reverse merger&#13;    with DEPT-UK were not reflected as of August 31
 2016 (since the reverse merge did not occur until September 1


 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site&#13;furniture
 fixtures and fittings. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had total fixed assets of $2
294
264 and $1
126
093
&#13;respectively
 with accumulated depreciation of $622
088 and $451
466
 respectively
 for net fixed assets of $1
672
176 and $674
627
















588



606







276

126


294

126






654



672


 2017 and 2016
 was $183
374 and $139
837


 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization
 of $10
134 and $9
065












 2017 and 2016
 was $7
271 and $9
751
 respectively. The variance between the&#13;expense and the increase in accumulated amortization is due to timing of the currency translation calculation. Amortization
 based&#13;on the currency translation calculation as of the date of this report
 for the next five years




 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&amp;#8217;s original investment of &amp;#163;5
000 for a 5% ownership of Radio&#13;Station (f/k/a Soho Radio Ltd.) for &amp;#163;5
000 of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. The relationship with Radio Station&#13;will continue to provide the Company with intangible benefits. As the Company had previously impaired &amp;#163;4
000 of the investment&#13;as of August 31
 2015
 the exchange resulted in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously&#13;impaired the investment as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction


000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. On March 26
 2015
 the Company&#13;increased its authorized common stock to 250
000
000 shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the&#13;holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and&#13;non-cumulative

 2016
 the majority shareholder of the Company
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8%&#13;of the outstanding shares of the Company for a total purchase price of $200

 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 5 and 10). As a condition of the acquisition
 110
000
000 shares&#13;of common stock were issued on September 1
 2016. Additionally
 60
000
000 shares of common stock were issuable at the discretion&#13;of the board of directors but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000 shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor&#13;leaving 57
064
000 as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the deadline to issue the shares of August&#13;31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018

 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note&#13;for $320
000. The acquired shares were cancelled on September 1
 2016. See Notes 1
 2

 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&amp;#8217;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory&#13;note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 10). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company issued Allesch-Taylor&#13;300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. The last transaction with stock was September 1
 2016
 which valued&#13;the common stock at $0.0027 per share. The Company&amp;#8217;s common stock did not trade during this period therefore the value for&#13;the November 30
 2016 transaction was determined to be multiples higher than the last recorded transaction. The Company believes&#13;that the value is not beneficial to Allesch-Taylor but does not state that this was an arm&amp;#8217;s length transaction. On April&#13;6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of&#13;the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor by August 31
 2018 (see Notes 1
 5
 6

 2017


 pursuant to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference&#13;shares
 par value &amp;#163;1.00 per share (such subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &amp;#8220;Preference Shares&amp;#8221;).&#13;Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK&#13;shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688 of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference&#13;Shares at any time or times after the date of issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to DEPT-UK not less than three months&amp;#8217;&#13;previous notice in writing. The Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK

 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for payables of $255
450 (&amp;#163;192

 2016
 542
617 Preference Shares were issued to ICC in exchange for a debt of $719
143 (&amp;#163;542

 2016
 135
464 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital
 a company which is owned and controlled by Gill
 a director&#13;of the Company
 in exchange for a debt of $179
534 (&amp;#163;135

 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&amp;#163;10

 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&amp;#8217;s original investment of &amp;#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &amp;#163;5
000&#13;of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &amp;#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the&#13;exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and was recorded. The Company had previously impaired the investment as the&#13;investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction

 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 300
000 Preference Shares for $374
479 (&amp;#163;305

 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 5
000 Preference Shares for $6
310 (&amp;#163;5

 2017
 29
250 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
300 (&amp;#163;29

 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 200
000 Preference Shares for $257
997 (&amp;#163;200

 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 232
000 Preference Shares for $298
969 (&amp;#163;232

 as recorded



 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has United States net operating loss carry forwards of $88
646 and $0
 respectively.&#13;The carry forwards expire through the year 2036. The Company&amp;#146;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual&#13;limitations












 2017 and 2016
 respectively




 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion&#13;or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the&#13;generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers&#13;the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities

 the net deferred tax assets for 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation&#13;allowance. The valuation allowance for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $30
140 and $0 as of August 31
 2017 and 2016


 which potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk

 2017. There have been no losses in these accounts through&#13;August 31

 which
 for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 had sales of $557
416 (&amp;#163;426
180
 13.3% of&#13;total revenue) and $451
261 (&amp;#163;372
678
 16.7% of total revenue)

 none of which are irreplaceable. The Company relies on one company to provide&#13;roasting services

 one a third-party and the other a related party

 after the acquisition of DEPT-UK
 owns or has filed for the trademarks &amp;#8220;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs
&amp;#8221;&#13;&amp;#8220;Coffeesmiths
&amp;#8221; and &amp;#8220;Elixir Espresso
&amp;#8221; as filed with in Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the Trade&#13;Marks Registry
 the European Union with the Intellectual Property Office


 2017 and 2016



669

805

409

375









180

196

869

695

 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016



479

660

316

619









633

778

458

714

&#13;2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016


 2017
 the Company had a minority interest of $1
230. For the year&#13;ended August 31
 2016
 the Company had a minority interest of $55


 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;we
&amp;#8221;&#13;&amp;#8220;us
&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;our
&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;DOCASA&amp;#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the&#13;name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of&#13;commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016

 2016
 the Company experienced a&#13;change in control. Atlantik LP (&amp;#8220;Atlantik&amp;#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common&#13;stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &amp;#8220;Seller&amp;#8221;).&#13;On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000

 2016
 the Company acquired&#13;99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &amp;#8220;DEPT-UK&amp;#8221;)
&#13;and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock&amp;#8212;110
000
000&#13;shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August&#13;31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018. Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which&#13;shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial&#13;110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned&#13;subsidiary of the Company

 Department&#13;of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&amp;#8220;DCIA&amp;#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for&#13;England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017

 The&#13;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 on November 9
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and&#13;Wales. On February 28
 2014
 the name was changed to DOCASA Limited. On May 1
 2015
 the name was changed to Eat Sleep Juice Repeat&#13;Limited. As of January 18
 2017
 this subsidiary
 with no operations or activity

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&amp;#8220;DEPT-IL&amp;#8221;)

 2017
 the Company formed Department&#13;of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&amp;#8220;DEPT-UKWS&amp;#8221;)

 the acquisition&#13;of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &amp;#34;reverse merger&amp;#34; rather than a business&#13;combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
&#13;2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting&#13;purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities&#13;and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and&#13;have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include&#13;the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK


 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company will generate revenue through sales at fifteen&#13;existing company-operated coffee shop locations in the UK
 with seven more locations under construction. The Company is expanding&#13;its operations to the United States and is opening its first coffee shop in Chicago
 Illinois in October 2017. Our objective is&#13;to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations. Similar to other leading operators
 we&#13;sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks. The Company
 as of August 31
 2017
 has discontinued&#13;its hot sauce products which had no activity in the year ended August 31


 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&amp;#8217;s subsidiary

    

 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 allowance for accounts receivable
 depreciable&#13;lives of the web site
 valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
 valuation of derivatives

    

 it was written off against the allowance.&#13;The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has not recorded an allowance for doubtful&#13;accounts as of August 31

    

 five years for office furniture and fixtures
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the&#13;leased equipment. Leasehold improvements
 if any


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for the Impairment&#13;or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&amp;#8221;. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be&#13;reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.&#13;Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted&#13;net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired


 including cash
&#13;accounts payable
 accrued expenses

 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires&#13;certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting&#13;pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based&#13;payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach&#13;(present value of future income or cash flow)


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us


 &amp;#8220;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.&amp;#8221; Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized&#13;on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement did exist
 delivery of service has occurred

    

 2017 and 2016 advertising&#13;expense was $39
628 and $27
395


&#13;&amp;#8220;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&amp;#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions&#13;taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of&#13;the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
&#13;the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
&#13;management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of&#13;appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that&#13;meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent&#13;likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax&#13;positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits&#13;in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities&#13;upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the&#13;Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of August 31
 2017

 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#8220;&lt;/i&gt;Definition&#13;of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48
&amp;#8221; (&amp;#8220;ASC 740-10&amp;#8221;)
 which was issued on May 2
 2007. ASC 740-10 amends&#13;FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing&#13;previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term &amp;#8220;effectively settled&amp;#8221; replaces the term &amp;#8220;ultimately settled&amp;#8221;&#13;when used to describe recognition
 and the terms &amp;#8220;settlement&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;settled&amp;#8221; replace the terms &amp;#8220;ultimate&#13;settlement&amp;#8221; or &amp;#8220;ultimately settled&amp;#8221; when used to describe measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC&#13;740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without&#13;being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax&#13;benefit


 &amp;#8220;Earnings&#13;Per Share


&amp;#8221; &amp;#8220;$&amp;#8221;).&#13;Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the balance sheet date


 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of&#13;$770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
&#13;the Company had a stockholders&amp;#146; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further&#13;funding

 which contemplate continuation&#13;of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#13;The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&amp;#8217;s plans
 which include&#13;the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient&#13;to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern

&#13;the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful&#13;in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities&#13;and/or contemplate the sale of its assets


&#13;&amp;#8220;Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information&amp;#8221;
 the Company is required to report financial&#13;and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not have any operating segments as of August&#13;31



 the Financial Accounting&#13;Standards Board (&amp;#8220;FASB&amp;#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising&#13;from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.&#13;The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company is&#13;still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s financial&#13;condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to&#13;have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s results of operations

 Revenue &amp;#8211; Revenue from Contracts&#13;with Customers. In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires recognition of revenue to depict the transfer&#13;of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange&#13;for those goods or services. The FASB has also issued several updates to ASU 2014-09. The new standard supersedes U.S. GAAP guidance&#13;on revenue recognition and requires the use of more estimates and judgments than the present standards. It also requires additional&#13;disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance effective January 1
 2017
 by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially&#13;applying the new standard as an increase to the opening balance of retained earnings. We expect this adjustment to be less than&#13;$100 million
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing basis. Adoption of the new standard will also result in&#13;changes in classification between Revenues
 Cost of sales
 Non-Financial Services interest income and other income/(loss)
 net
&#13;and Financial Services other income/(loss)

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 &amp;#8220;Earnings&#13;Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&amp;#8221; The amendments&#13;in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features)&#13;with down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity&#13;instruments
 a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to&#13;an entity&amp;#8217;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments. As&#13;a result
 a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion option) no longer would be accounted for as&#13;a derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round feature. For freestanding equity classified financial&#13;instruments
 the amendments require entities that present earnings per share (EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the&#13;effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available&#13;to common shareholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features are&#13;now subject to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion features (in Subtopic 470-20
 Debt&amp;#8212;Debt with&#13;Conversion and Other Options)
 including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260). The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize&#13;the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are presented as pending content in the Codification

 an equity-linked financial&#13;instrument with a down round feature that otherwise is not required to be classified as a liability under the guidance in Topic&#13;480 is evaluated under the guidance in Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging
 to determine whether it meets the definition of a derivative.&#13;If it meets that definition
 the instrument (or embedded feature) is evaluated to determine whether it is indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock as part of the analysis of whether it qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. Generally
 for warrants&#13;and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares are&#13;readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition&#13;of a derivative)
 the existence of a down round feature results in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity&amp;#8217;s&#13;own stock. This results in a reporting entity being required to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated&#13;conversion option as a liability

 Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8212;Contracts in Entity&amp;#8217;s Own Equity
&#13;which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument qualifies for a scope exception from derivative&#13;accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would be classified in equity under the guidance in Subtopic&#13;815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do qualify

 and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding financial instrument
 the value&#13;of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a numerator adjustment in the basic&#13;EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder of the instrument

 assuming the required criteria for equity classification in Subtopic&#13;815-40 are met
 an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument at fair value at each reporting period&#13;(in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case of convertible instruments) on the basis&#13;of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features
&#13;applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features rather than bifurcating an embedded&#13;derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance

 the amendments&#13;in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December&#13;15
 2018. For all other entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December&#13;15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted for all entities
&#13;including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period























 2016 of $32





























&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;August 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2017&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: center&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;&lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Computer equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td id=ffcell style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;62
038&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 9%; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;36
839&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Office equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
526&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;22
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site equipment and machinery&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;366
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;198
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;366
661&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;198
532&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site fit out costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
588
480&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;707
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;17
587&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
606
067&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;707
678&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
384&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;588&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;236
972&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;160
072&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total fixed assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
276
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
126
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2
294
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
126
093&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;622
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;451
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;622
088&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;451
466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Fixed assets
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
654
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;674
627&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;18
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
672
176&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;674



726&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; width: 1%; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;775
490&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2020&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;778
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;746
502&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;2022&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;532
555&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Future&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: solid; border-bottom-width: 1pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;1
241
852&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: top; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; text-align: justify&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=vertical-align: bottom; border-bottom-style: double; border-bottom-width: 2.25pt; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;4
850

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    

    

    

    
    

    

    


 under U.S.&#13;GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425&#13;= &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &amp;#163;1.00. As&#13;of August 31
 2016


&#13;Inc. (the &amp;#147;Company
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;we
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;us
&amp;#148; &amp;#147;our
&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;DOCASA&amp;#148;) was incorporated&#13;in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016.&#13;The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August&#13;4
 2016

 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&amp;#147;Atlantik&amp;#148;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority&#13;of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik&#13;and Nami Shams (the &amp;#147;Seller&amp;#148;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
&#13;Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000

 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United&#13;Kingdom corporation (the &amp;#147;DEPT-UK&amp;#148;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&amp;#146;s majority shareholder 170
000
000&#13;shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock&amp;#151;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the&#13;Company&amp;#146;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018.&#13;Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#146;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange&#13;for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full.&#13;As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the&#13;115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company

 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&amp;#147;DCIA&amp;#148;)
 on September 11
 2014
&#13;as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017

 The Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 on November 9
 2014
 as filed with the&#13;Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. On February 28
 2014
 the name was changed to DOCASA Limited. On May 1
 2015
 the&#13;name was changed to Eat Sleep Juice Repeat Limited. As of January 18
 2017
 this subsidiary
 with no operations or activity

 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&amp;#147;DEPT-IL&amp;#148;)

 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&amp;#147;DEPT-UKWS&amp;#148;)

 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented&#13;a &amp;#34;reverse merger&amp;#34; rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction.&#13;For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.&#13;DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired&#13;company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements&#13;prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial&#13;statements after completion of the acquisition include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK

 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company will&#13;generate revenue through sales at fifteen existing company-operated coffee shop locations in the UK
 with seven more locations&#13;under construction. The Company is expanding its operations to the United States and is opening its first coffee shop in Chicago
&#13;Illinois in October 2017. Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations.&#13;Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks. The&#13;Company
 as of August 31
 2017
 has discontinued its hot sauce products which had no activity in the year ended August 31

 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&amp;#146;s&#13;subsidiary

 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 allowance&#13;for accounts receivable
 depreciable lives of the web site
 valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
&#13;valuation of derivatives

&#13;it was written off against the allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management&#13;has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts as of August 31


 five years for office furniture and fixtures
 and the lesser of the&#13;lease term or the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements
 if any

&#13;&amp;#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&amp;#148;. This statement requires that long-lived assets and&#13;certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying&#13;amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying&#13;amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered&#13;to be impaired

 including cash
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses

 provides&#13;guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
&#13;but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not&#13;apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach&#13;(comparable market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)


 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed&#13;by us

 &amp;#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.&amp;#148;&#13;Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement&#13;did exist
 delivery of service has occurred

 2017 and 2016 advertising expense was $39
628 and $27
395

 &amp;#147;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&amp;#148; When tax returns are&#13;filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others&#13;are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.&#13;In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the&#13;period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be&#13;sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset&#13;or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the&#13;largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing&#13;authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above&#13;should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated&#13;interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions&#13;are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax&#13;benefits. As of August 31
 2017

 &lt;i&gt;&amp;#147;&lt;/i&gt;Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48
&amp;#148; (&amp;#147;ASC 740-10&amp;#148;)
&#13;which was issued on May 2
 2007. ASC 740-10 amends FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax&#13;position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term &amp;#147;effectively&#13;settled&amp;#148; replaces the term &amp;#147;ultimately settled&amp;#148; when used to describe recognition
 and the terms &amp;#147;settlement&amp;#148;&#13;or &amp;#147;settled&amp;#148; replace the terms &amp;#147;ultimate settlement&amp;#148; or &amp;#147;ultimately settled&amp;#148; when used to&#13;describe measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC 740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon&#13;the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively&#13;settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit

 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share

&amp;#148; &amp;#147;$&amp;#148;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the balance&#13;sheet date

 under U.S.&#13;GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425&#13;= &amp;#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &amp;#163;1.00. As&#13;of August 31
 2016

 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of&#13;$770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
&#13;the Company had a stockholders&amp;#146; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further&#13;funding

 which contemplate continuation&#13;of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.&#13;The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&amp;#146;s plans
 which include&#13;the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient&#13;to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern

&#13;the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful&#13;in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities&#13;and/or contemplate the sale of its assets

 &amp;#147;Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information&amp;#148;
&#13;the Company is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does&#13;not have any operating segments as of August 31


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&amp;#147;FASB&amp;#148;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires&#13;the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets&#13;and liabilities on the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early&#13;adoption permitted. While the Company is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material&#13;effect on the Company&amp;#146;s financial condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities.&#13;The Company expects the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&amp;#146;s results of operations

 Revenue &amp;#150; Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires&#13;recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration&#13;to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB has also issued several updates to ASU 2014-09.&#13;The new standard supersedes U.S. GAAP guidance on revenue recognition and requires the use of more estimates and judgments than&#13;the present standards. It also requires additional disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance effective January 1
 2017
&#13;by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an increase to the opening balance of retained&#13;earnings. We expect this adjustment to be less than $100 million
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing basis.&#13;Adoption of the new standard will also result in changes in classification between Revenues
 Cost of sales
 Non-Financial Services&#13;interest income and other income/(loss)
 net
 and Financial Services other income/(loss)

 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 &amp;#147;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480)&#13;Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&amp;#148; The amendments in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain&#13;equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features) with down round features. When determining whether certain financial&#13;instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity instruments
 a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification&#13;when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&amp;#146;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure&#13;requirements for equity-classified instruments. As a result
 a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion&#13;option) no longer would be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round&#13;feature. For freestanding equity classified financial instruments
 the amendments require entities that present earnings per share&#13;(EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated&#13;as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded&#13;conversion options that have down round features are now subject to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion&#13;features (in Subtopic 470-20
 Debt&amp;#151;Debt with Conversion and Other Options)
 including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260).&#13;The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are&#13;presented as pending content in the Codification

 an equity-linked financial instrument with a down round feature that otherwise is not required to be classified&#13;as a liability under the guidance in Topic 480 is evaluated under the guidance in Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging
 to determine&#13;whether it meets the definition of a derivative. If it meets that definition
 the instrument (or embedded feature) is evaluated&#13;to determine whether it is indexed to an entity&amp;#146;s own stock as part of the analysis of whether it qualifies for a scope&#13;exception from derivative accounting. Generally
 for warrants and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are&#13;deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares are readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement&#13;such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition of a derivative)
 the existence of a down round feature results&#13;in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity&amp;#146;s own stock. This results in a reporting entity being required&#13;to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated conversion option as a liability

 Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#151;Contracts&#13;in Entity&amp;#146;s Own Equity
 which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument qualifies for a&#13;scope exception from derivative accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would be classified in&#13;equity under the guidance in Subtopic 815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do qualify

 and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding&#13;financial instrument
 the value of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a&#13;numerator adjustment in the basic EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder&#13;of the instrument

 assuming the required criteria&#13;for equity classification in Subtopic 815-40 are met
 an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument&#13;at fair value at each reporting period (in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case&#13;of convertible instruments) on the basis of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion&#13;options that have down round features
 applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features&#13;rather than bifurcating an embedded derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance

 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those&#13;fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. For all other entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective&#13;for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020.&#13;Early adoption is permitted for all entities
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments&#13;in an interim period























 2016 of $32















 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with International Capital Corporation (&amp;#147;ICC&amp;#148;). The loan is&#13;for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&amp;#163;850
000)&#13;to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&amp;#163;542
617) into 542
617&#13;shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&amp;#163;0) and $0 (&amp;#163;0)

 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&amp;#147;Deij Capital&amp;#148;)
 a company in which&#13;Gill is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note was extended to July 1
 2018. The&#13;imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&amp;#163;100
000) to be drawn down&#13;as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&amp;#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares&#13;of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
 2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&amp;#163;51
500) into 51
500&#13;shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&amp;#163;56
454)&#13;and $39
540 (&amp;#163;30
000)
 respectively. The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&amp;#163;0) and $0 (&amp;#163;0)

 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.&#13;As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $2
194. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet&#13;due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by&#13;Arch Investments

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory&#13;note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the&#13;principal was $5
067. The balance for August 31
 2016

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.&#13;As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $5
065. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet&#13;due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by&#13;Arch Investments

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.&#13;The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
&#13;2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $15
873. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance&#13;sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired&#13;by Arch Investments

 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.&#13;The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of May 31
 2017.&#13;As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $4
349. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet&#13;due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by&#13;Arch Investments

 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices.&#13;The loan is for 4 years
 with an interest rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only&#13;payments for the first six months followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months.&#13;The loan was for $437
992 (&amp;#163;352
500) with an initial $115
767 (&amp;#163;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued&#13;interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $409
718 (&amp;#163;317
941) and $170
257 (&amp;#163;129
178)
 respectively. As of August&#13;31
 2017
 the current portion was $106
871 (&amp;#163;82
932) and the non-current portion was $302
847 (&amp;#163;235

 2016
 the Company had a temporary loan from HSBC in the amount of $18
368. As of August 31
 2017

 2016
 DOCASA acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note for&#13;$320
000
 which is non-interest bearing and terminates in one year. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
&#13;2017. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000 due September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000 due August 31
 2017.&#13;The $20
000 payment was made by a third party and recorded as contributed capital in September 2016. The remaining $300
000 balance&#13;was paid on November 30
 2016
 to Atlantik by Allesch-Taylor. See Notes 1
 2
 5


 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with ICC. The loan is for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest&#13;is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&amp;#163;850
000) to be drawn down as and when required.&#13;On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&amp;#163;542
617) into 542
617 shares of Preference Shares (see Note&#13;11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&amp;#163;0) and $0 (&amp;#163;0)

 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&amp;#147;Deij Capital&amp;#148;)
 a company in which Gill&#13;is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as&#13;of May 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&amp;#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij&#13;Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&amp;#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
&#13;2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&amp;#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11).&#13;The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&amp;#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&amp;#163;30
000)
 respectively.&#13;The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&amp;#163;0) and $0 (&amp;#163;0)

 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.&#13;On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The&#13;note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31

 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.&#13;The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31

 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.&#13;The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31

 2016
 Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of DOCASA
 provided DOCASA with a Forgiveness of Debt for $6

 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for a payable of $255
450 (&amp;#163;192

 2016
 the majority shareholder of DOCASA
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8% of the&#13;outstanding shares of the Company at such time to Atlantik for a total purchase price of $200

 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note&#13;for $320
000. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000
 which was paid on September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000&#13;due August 29
 2017. See Notes 1
 2
 4

 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 6 and 9) and initially issued 110
000
000 shares of common stock&#13;as part of the acquisition to Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 the Chairman of the Company. On April 6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved&#13;the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor&#13;by August 31
 2017. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended&#13;to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. In October 2017
 the Company issued an additional 8
976

 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&amp;#163;10

 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&amp;#146;s original investment of &amp;#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &amp;#163;5
000&#13;of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &amp;#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the&#13;exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously impaired the investment&#13;as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction

 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $63
990 (&amp;#163;51

 2017 and August 31
 2016
 the Company purchased $194
352 (&amp;#163;150
817) and $132
508 (&amp;#163;92
320)
&#13;respectively
 of cakes from Dee Light
 a company which Gill
 the vice chairman of the Company
 was a 50% shareholder (until November&#13;2016). As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Dee Light $70
165 (&amp;#163;54
448) and $56
102 (&amp;#163;42
566)

 2017 and 2016
 the Company made sales or advances of $530
780 (&amp;#163;405
815) and $328
924 (&amp;#163;229
166)
&#13;respectively
 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&amp;#147;The Roastery Department&amp;#148;)
 and made purchases from it of &amp;#163;217
418&#13;and &amp;#163;123
705 for the years ended August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company both&#13;has receivables and payables from The Roastery Department
 which netted as receivables of $1
198
811 (&amp;#163;930
277) and payables&#13;of $452
674 (&amp;#163;351
275)
 respectively. Gill
 the Company&amp;#146;s vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&amp;#147;Lopez&amp;#148;)
 the Company&amp;#146;s&#13;chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
&#13;when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
 was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two&#13;parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost. The relationship between The Roastery Department and the Company
 as&#13;stated
 is classified as a barter transaction. Therefore
 the Company expensed the net of the receivable and the payable
 $417
436&#13;(&amp;#163;323
930)
 resulted in an expense of $423
680
 with the variance due to the currency translation. The Company maintains&#13;a receivable for cash advance of $328
703 (&amp;#163;255

 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&amp;#146;s chairman
 payables of $41
174 (&amp;#163;31
951)&#13;and $0 (&amp;#163;0)

 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&amp;#146;s chief executive officer
 payables of $893 (&amp;#163;693)&#13;and $2
985 (&amp;#163;2
265)

 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman of the Company
 is the&#13;director and owner
 notes payable of $70
079 (&amp;#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&amp;#163;30
000)
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and&#13;2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 accounts payable of $12
045 (&amp;#163;9
347) and $5
390 (&amp;#163;3
500)

 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&amp;#146;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory&#13;note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 11). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company agreed to issue Allesch-Taylor&#13;300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. As of that date
 the last stock transaction with stock was September&#13;1
 2016
 which valued the common stock at $0.0027 per share
 and the Company therefore believes that the agreed valuation of $1.00&#13;per share was fair and beneficial to the Company. Nevertheless
 this transaction was not necessarily an arm&amp;#146;s length transaction.&#13;As of August 31
 2017

 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners&#13;LLP (&amp;#147;Clearbrook&amp;#148;)
 an entity where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor&#13;is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15


 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.&#13;As of October 25
 2017

 Illinois







241

850

 2016 (see Note 10)
 for DEPT-UK
 16 leases
 of which one is for the UK administrative&#13;office
 and 15 operational leases. The Company has one lease in the United States for DEPT-IL. The Company also has one coffee&#13;shop under construction in the US
 which is under lease



 2017 and 2016
 was $463
655 and $418
193


 2017
 and 2016






























    
























































 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016


 2016 of $32























	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 Plant and Equipment



      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      






      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 net (includes $0 and $288
389 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      


      










      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      



040 and $39
540 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      


      



 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 150
036
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding
 at August 31
 2017 and 2016
 and 57
064
000 and 0 conditionally issuable
 at August 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      



000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par value
 1
642
826 and 870
826 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31
 2017 and 2016



      


      


      


      


      


      






      


















      


































      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

























      










































      


      








      


      

      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      










      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      

      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      

      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      

      

      

      

      




      

      







      

      

      

      




      


 Net of Tax


      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      

      













      


 Noncurrent






 Estimate Not Practicable





      




      

      

      


 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





      

      

      

      

      


 Future Minimum Payments Due













































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 dcsa_10kimg1.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 !B 4 # 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HK
MB+7QCK.HK--IOA[NK6.XE@6;[; F\QN48X9@1RIJW_PD?BC_H1;O_P8VW_Q
M= '645R?_1^*/\ H1;O_P &-M_\71_PD?BC_H1;O_P8VW_Q= '645R?_1^
M*/\ H1;O_P &-M_\71_PD?BC_H1;O_P8VW_Q= '645R?_1^*/\ H1;O_P &
M-M_\71_PD?BC_H1;O_P8VW_Q= '645R?_1^*/\ H1;O_P &-M_\71_PD?BC
M_H1;O_P8VW_Q= '645R?_1^*/\ H1;O_P &-M_\71_PD?BC_H1;O_P8VW_Q

Z=)<VES)9VQ6S9$WH =S_ +PG!W8P.GJ:T/FJWVNZ##J
MUY'##]K;S(8(B3Y4?0!F_B;@DD #G';- '2T5AZU?ZO8^3_96CKJ9?/F W:P


M
((A
FP;OSZU8HH B5%7.U0,G)P.I]:<JJBA44*HZ # %/HH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BDR,@9'/2EH **** BBB@#DOAG_P D^TW_ 'IO_1SU


MUNYFD4-P44JQ4'U/3UKV?QY_P B!XB_[!MQ_PBS7-? S_DE&F_]=9__1C4
F:K?#3='O=0*
M[A:V\DQ7UVJ3C]*\E^%'_)5_B%_U]M_Z-DKU#Q;_ 
B9KO\ V#[C_P!%M0!X


GG&5!'IDBM#X_\DLM/^OF;_P!K%^%W_)8?B#_ -?+


?\ U^3?TH K

MTU?0%E'_P!!?\ZN?L_WKOX.U#2IN)M/OW4KZ!@#_PA!J /7:^?--T*X^+O
MCKQ%+J^KWL&E:7/Y

@!H?#M]2\*?$W5/ UQJ$][IRV_GVC3-DIPIP

MAW3I76ZOKIY $8C.U0!G';YS^5:OP*U9]3^'

M5+4\ZS^TCI=O]Z+1].



8_P#K\F_I0!H_&F1XOA7JSQNR
M
&APRG!'[U*YWX!:_-=^&[[1;QW-S83B11(3N\N09'7_ &@W_?0KH/C?_P D











EQ:7717))XR
DD'@C..: 
_X?



MZVFAZCJ_FS&TC:S0L$5&QSQW+CZ5-X1\1_;/C[+??V;=Z8NL6K1FWNU*MN
M Y^A


M\

M]F$S&.)FVJ





MF2


^'O_!9-_\ 'JZVB@#DOLGC[_H
^'O_  63?_'J/LGC[_H
^'O_

QSG/.:K^


=NN:O:M'K
MO&-&NK*VF#_.;NW:52N.@NN#GWK7HH Y
M+[#X]/77=!'TTN7_ ./4OV#QY_T,&A?^J3_ ./5UE% ')_8/'G_ $
&A?\


NC_^E__ (]1_9OCK_H9='_\%+__ !ZN
MLHH Y/\ LWQU_P!#+H__ (*7_P#CU']F^.O^AET?_P %+_\ QZNLHH Y/^S?
M'7_0RZ/_ .E_P#X]2_V5XW_ .AJTO\ \$Y_^/5U=% '*?V5XW_Z&K2__!.?

MDX^]ZUO444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!__
!V0$!
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg10.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 
$ E(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TK6/$FHV.
Q7_ -!%8;7X


;4U7O^!J
ZENZ4!8[
MC_A



M-;)I)6VI&L&3_.O-\\DXZU9L+Z;3KZ&\@SYD+AA[^U&HM#WC2M5\6B



M^OGI@GUSDUDW_BJ&SBFETVVDO7@R6:,?(A&  33&K',/\7_ !AS1L]@KH=
MK#[-T(_X%41^

!
TMEO4\

XDV(V-](VIRHOJ02
4792DNIZI'\4_$DF

!TET__ 
!O_KU0



'








JT/_ '[_ /KU0_X3


M_;'_ .O5=_B3XG'26T_[\?\ UZW#X2A;^$U%+X.A((Y%*U3N/]P8A^)/BSM-

M*_Q3\7)UELO_  '_ /KTB_%;Q9G!ELO^_'_UZQ+RP=.J$?4506 ;RM)UI+J
M4L- [6'XG^*'QF6S_P_'_UZNK\1?$A'
EK_ -^?_KUQ







T_#9W*F1WKT6WP(0!7':/I$EBJ@ X[YKK[52J8H.V*






C)



MUT)R6/M5=/$2AR=W2I-8J2+5WHL



@X.
BFGZTI^M
)QW&

M1S\FW:9$8]
]R*!'-@@_2C)].*

M28;:GHL3+(\

^


M:Y9?]=17KX/-8U-SKP_PCVJ-\XSFG$GM3'Z5!T71G7G0UC3#DULW?0UCR\L:
M!E3KBHC]RII!S3/W9J09BWX^7\*YJ[4Y-=-??=.:YN[^\?2MX'!7
S!+8'
MK74^'=)$\BL5R?6N?M8?-N /0UZ7X9LFC13C.:V
J
+N[.FTK2@(U&.G%=##


MW4R%LDCK20)LA


&].0*DJ]C





-V0:4]



MZ'1;/5+7PSJT.G)+#JT-PGG!1^\$?;!]


M:#UYI



X






MF[C-7=+;.L6/_7S%_PALM6R

D@Z5K:+I2^$=0MYM6N@

EG=17
DKPIYX
M/&''4BMS!/0Z6VT2*^T_4?#4\QM+K3)FN8I0I.^

MRN+06+SL-K.P'#?G7
:?XNO%\46VKWDF\JHBFP
;H\8.:A&DC4?$%XFEW(%E

X;E.1AE8#U%5;4^7X$U%R?E







ML('4Q 5LC6&D1\2M\W%/E!
LU=4=ER?PK/U'48VW'
MKV-*]QMJPJZD-W3GN:D:])/RG&:Y^!GFF^0=:V8;*5@.





MESZ
^:C@YQ2=ZT]8T_\ LK69[5@65&)4^H/0UFL!GCO76G=7.5QLQ.
8Q72^

MEGM=P1N$24$Y^8]:5?&%]'XFM=9B58C:X2*

M9GAL[/['YDJ_ZY3G=D'MS7


/MK\XC8_=/J!6U

6LL#D<!UQGZ56[
MUKP:_-_9%YIMX7NX)@IA
K[O)8'[RD\_A6/G _K0(4_=/TIDI^5/=!_*KD%F
M]Q:75RCQ!+90S*[@

MF2;





]T[VT7W(ST%4



M
D#'.
T7123




M=CH

-G]:MP
=BXZGK4CQY4\4[%WU





Y
M:-C3M&24*[9)/8UI_P!AQQC.


MMY:'YO:H[FS:Z!Z



MF4L%8JH^9@
A1[TST['UKMO!45M)H^J0W@7R;YX[



M&4!Z[&'M3/[0G.F?V=\HMS+YY^0;]V
=?2J@XZ]^M $]Q+]INI9RBH9&+[47


&=4O[!+RUM]\+MM4E@2*RW

*VCB%;4RGAG;0\WNKG=/D#C-=)H+N67FJ&N:\&9(@<@\BI=!N0CA6!!'%=
8@HP<#CFK8GW=?YUH;<NI#=R+Y9

MU[3+FU42
I9&ZD#I6

D\UVEGX7EM8%FV@XZBM#PS

MQP!S4K:.?+W*PY'3-36FG^1(C-UK:VI*N7/-GEC&.&/2N@TJ)G5=V1QR35:Q

M=&ISM_I#'YXR5:LZ&)H7V3#![$]Z[+Y9

MR@^E=A\/[VXBGU2RM)A%=7-MO@8C(+ISMQWR*Y:_LY-/OIK27/F1
5/N.U3:

M.E3:QK4:ZEIVO:7=
].K<L?##WE@L
MQO88KN6%IK:S8'?

MFM+PK\NJS7'EHTEO:R3('&1N49!Q5GP[;2ZEHFL:=;IOFD\AT4GCA\'\.:UO

)% 64
JPZ:L9%PTGE,I'W<'YL_3G\J
MM^)KR&XU6XN(VSLK)&P[A<F#T1CYR:=6Q8^&;R^\)W&OI-;^3VTQ!OF(]




M@N=*B:W







M(^


MQ.



MUUMM=HY 8C/O3.E.Z-2-5;O^%.DD4 A1DGBH/-(8 =ZO6=D6;S)3]*PKXB-*
M-V7&+;)].LMO[V7KVS5N]MX+N/:R@^U/S\H7T%-/KZ5\S6Q
ISYKG4HV*EM9

C&&'/O7*P7
M$L5R(VR.:^AH8GVM&ZW
'TCK[.WV0JP_I9'(Z5'8SE[91S]*L?9Y9!_JR/


MYZ574





:78)I9)-@PH=B<#VI!<WI/&FJRV[1C[+'
Z;);J. +
ZXQ@M7/S+OL
M(Q@C
()1<I(%E Y?/-=,_P]U'Q+K]TVGFW2- [2-@\^U8<
MZ4[

.G/2O?A\)O#ENGR6\LI_O/*3FKUC
MX#T:U.%TZ#CN5S4.K8J

MM(LK;PH .-J 5C2)$9L #;[L)XIQ-:=
CQJV\^(KL933BH]78M.U^%NM




@  G/8

7W1GZ5RE_:M#-D+WKT6




M(F7J%*
U:Q




MKV**%G8L!C'2HKNV*G.
UM1E$YQBL_4) J\5R55=Z'5!)1
592C8'8U9%R2

MR97@GKFL9Z'93]Y%P(T\Z*Q.6/6J'Q#\/&SDM-5B7]U
OERG_;'0_C6M8[/M


UQ'$












EFZGT%7R\JU
;79



J&M#3[**W02.@
C=S_  US
M.LV;6]\\9'R











/2N@TS4?,VAW
MZ<@5R(DW$_K5JWG:$C;WXK)-HZ9)2*7Q TL6^H1:C N(;GA\#HX%<;C]*]-U
M.YAU;0Y+4@

M2 .

MVL8\I3\\SGK_B:]$\%_J*8QWOB%\@C*V2'J?5S_A7=ZAH-O%LAMHE@MU&



M;1=*523
VDNEWY1@WEYX)K5LKE7#(K0\:7UG#:
S%=X' KB/#YU/5KGR=

M#'J*UX-0BE(&\9]#6$E8VA*^I;96VCWIT4+NV

MV@?


BY9B%84J




E



MEHY/*-O:D_-


Y[X%


BN/L)/)BPQ^;


M%F(X-9)
VY.IJ+/)*X&[([U*?PXJIIV7E8GL*M-P17E8U^_8V@E8@G?:OUJK
M@;13KF3


4!^]BHKC
MS K91MHZ\4TYPGSI



M#6A;SV]JBXV


MQ192^









M7


))[Z\N4_N<XR

M_$8.I0?

MAA#R3*#C.

MV&:V+?6X;FUW12*RGWI.FUJ-2:T.:\=V(M[.UU*!
R6DH+G'\)KH=/N5N]+@

[N]SJ8Y2
M#BEN;I+2SFN7;:L:YSGOV%9LVIVUJ?WDJC)QUKFM=UHZDZV\+$6R'/\ OMZU


 ^Y[FF7D^%89KYRO/GJW-XK0@+_ #XY8D]JW=
TNX
ZR7J+




8U)P.W
8@B5
VYD1+9
M4B'R&3D9]?K3E.G36AG
KV96NK
0QPF1T=P








L



2BLPP
M#THAB^U7$






=W^%<X-
V3_ +R93&I^4)T/O5\S2/NWNS DL03Q


@KGH*TKV[T\V@9]DV



WJQH5)R-8)&




M83#2:C
X6[M'L[N2)QC!_2IK:Y*KL.6C/536OJL3W
8=P/- P2!UKG!N4D9P

MW+[XV
3'L.17=1Q44K2/%QN3SE+FIG.FK.FV8OKD1L!L4Y?)J:72+A&^0K(/
M8\U:TJ(VG$BE922*VKUX\EX
YL%EDY5[35DCHB87 JHPH]!4#YQ\N#BH








!

(INYZ#BVM#9L)XX[UFWY@/W0PZU)JNJ






MZC)/W11EEQD5QU(N

M6KS+9D6XD\C/XT[=QTJ(2 =1^-. #G*\U#1Z#6A8CRQ Z^E2









MHDCP6&T_I7-ZW ;&VDE

M]Z+QL/&MNPQ\QY_L[PW?_VA%*(9NUMN[MFDUVQU0V2H+PR2
_('\(I)IQU


MR#WK/9?WB@?C5F0NUM\P&[J2*K!R9 5(*BLK'T




M8SD/ R:OV5C-=KE.!ZFH+339YY3$5V$=2:V8&



D=?
FM#7A

I*QS^G6LVJ7PLXI8TWC.^0X

VR



MW\?6M)UW
5(



K1
M.&P




\MZ5M-!;:?;%T4EU[]:TIT'
;?*2V








MW R

M4+R#731SQQ9N)'SL'4FO
O#NH):ZB(WP%?M[UTFH6\]].$MKT(CC! Z5VTJC


MTGF''#9S753J/9GB5J
;WAL:#.
\=*RM4UJSTZW9IY5W $X-.U'4K;3+1GFE
M10!SDUXUK^L)JE[)Y!80]B3R:FO7459'7EN6RK3O+89K6HPZAJ4D\$86
G\Z

M.]-#=J7-!5A&'L !3-SH2PX/J#2LV:B+9ZXIZA;34W-.\47MBPRWFJ.S&MY?
M'*.!O38O4J*X

M



M2#N85L)]7U3.KEN-/GO +%5&1SL&%/TK-UCPC:ZGYCQYAF/.5/!K
\).9+\E


5Y.@X 8UW4Y]#P:]%0U145!@Y-;&A7:

[8ANZXJ-Y4

BNX(-:NJDC)Q;9.9P8O+7
M[M578A^&R

:KD+;E *BLTMWS5VPN%
MSAJ
-)*6H5%[NA=



MI9(9]IZUHO*-Y8XJ59U88ZU@MBU4DC*L;9XXF!!%4[YYUDPJD[>]=3&D9'3
MKVJK=PIZ#VJG0L@C6O(I6





X;'G?B:Y=?

MY?CK4+RX[TA8XJO(^*RL=F@K2^_YU4EN
'K3)9B

6XJ%WV



:,G//)K0N]'E0DQDX':J'ELA(8'<*[8U%):'SU?U:#M)%BSF^S3@@_*
MQP:Z-7VG:01QFN4''O6SI]R9H6BD)+1GAO:N;$T[^\CJP55Q]UE^68!XTW8(
M!/-



OMP#ZYK5L
M+N22%8T]*Q[ZWDGF-N0<UN^'H?*3=(!NKEA*




M!J%S
A#\UIRD7[2


MM59(DC)V\USU9*BK


M $$5A2(N


MZ4A((Z52C8ES)X]KYW '-4-0TA9E+H
$\Y%6HR!SGI5R*0%.3QCI5QJ2B]#E

MCM7H0K*I&Q\MB\OGAZG

N<=:Z6&W6$=!N[


S;5.Q6@=II0!FM#R@!\I



MO-394&S]:S'U.9Q@G!]!2G5I-Z%PC4L:ECI


^]85G^]EZL^YP$?W$/1?D-8G.:9N!-&[\Z!4'78&(]:83VS

MR#)R1^%5Y=.F'3UJU8PG*5BSI-QR%)Z5N[SCL17+06]Q#


\=
MZM)#-
Q6&-G;T J]I&B7%WJ
:SP
AY9/936RY?&*CM[::Y.


U+:BW)] UE%


C2QL^: 3R* ^:IQONJ=!4M6):)6







X/6I1UE9Y2%S4+7%32HK=#5=;621FP.
M!U-6D9R=BO=3'RCBJD3EX67/S8J34P\

ME9CZ]ZGMP[_*B$_A6F^AS3ZBXQA&.X8[UU&F^'E55(7]*Z:E2

M-G

#&QY_&3%* W



M.N.N*S[F-+J

M6WA.6YCRR$'L:]4GMQ(N70$4ZUM8XD&5'M1R=SOAF

#5-G\




?2I58;3UJM*W


*JS7.!@=:X*C<WH4HDL\^T\&J?F&1ZCW&0]ZFBCIJ*B78L1_**E
M.
_A1$OR\U*5]NU==.G=&+W*TLFQ.M9%Y=D;N:T[E2%YK OH'?)%;PI*XUN4
.6*^-M4 _O+_P@+7+EJYJJ

^XP



MGV39-T[UI&6EBY0YG=&O;MNB'TIL@;(PI-3:= 7(7L:ZK3=1PRYI*-S&MB

M.;7+[%4[O2O0?FA-)DCY!'.
5I6O@V+S_

8'/7%=AI]A':1!5 &!CI732





M


^5^E:0C





JV4LM1_&Y7_P)KRR/76W8+$'/
M-7[;Q!L^;S#GTJ'AX]BUCJS^T_O/3D'A_K]COA_V\+_\34IET0KA;.^'O]H7
M_P)KSV/Q$Q&/



5*IP?0%C:_\QC2^#='QDS7('^^/\*P[GP]H





TO_?P?X5S$MZ3&

MWD3RON;HU.W/_+O)_P!]B@ZE;@8-K(?^!BL-)3GFI5ESP:M-=A69IMJ\#BT
MD_[^LZYUV  _P#$OE;_ +:@?TIK-FJTB*X]ZES9445I/%$$)(&E3G_MN/\



M/\5MD&#H%


M]/7XC^'EZ:%J7XWR_P#Q%6$^)^A(
?V'?C_M]7_XFO*
GUHR?6LW@J#WB/V]

GU-'U*



INZ/2X




M00

MT(I&/M)7)(7.[':K77DU1255?&:L++N'7BFJ
; YR)

WPS



M(SBKMO8'*Y%;ITQAR5-68;
*03VJW5)5









6=Z2BBL
MT6%%%%, HHHH ****3 **** #M1113 ****0!1113 **** BBB@ HHHH *U

U:39UQ^%%G^S
M_

M#BN?N) Q89Q3381U



-S84UB

M4@2D5%!J^9E9G4\XS6SKS92I6.O-QG+$]3S52YN1@X-9?]HJ%X;.:SM0U41Q
MGD9(QC-9MME1@[C-0N\
P)KGNQP#S5*]U$MGYA^--L'$\W)YIJ#.C9%M+&

:<)C'7%

M2?+^- QPN=S'GFG%BQZFHHH&9QQU-7E@II@
AR,5H+R,8[5L.% P:L(N/R
MH8$)MP1RM5S9 ]@!6F
]J
8/%-$W

MQSD50RY='$!_.OGWXHR[]25

 *Y2\T^!IWEIG/7

'\:MQW&^
$'H*DO+(7'\$?=%4);=X6VQNVT]O2N;F

\X%;C6C/RQ)JM)8]L9JHR0U H12E&Y[G/TK=T;4$6XV
M%@



M-:&A7F;T $CWKB6U COFM#P]J+?VL@8\$C JG#0B55'OFG'?;C/)QQ5EFVFJ

MGFHX$/&5Q4[ID8- B@ZF1N!4T
.1R!]:L(;N*G[1BF!'',IUC &.]*!G
MCI3QZ#)]Z8QN


1_.;(&!
M6IN(LXP*$!?OT3)O0G='_ !J;@]J ,9M.61B.
YZ4?V9&!T_*M@@ 9Z4
MT@$4
+&8+( _**4VC8P3GZ5H@4NSFD@

2?

M6C#HN

V^





QE9W'4UM, 2,]J3+S3N(BC@5!@59XV8




JP:DV=5.7
K%AF#\U5

;



#!%10/NEY/UJTX!4D?K3
M6@Q(51\^U321(T9XK*


0NW!%7$T])

'4?+G

DR.13 59.
8JO
^6Q4P4-SZ


M#Q7-4GRR-J:3.2ET0


MTKD]0O7O;A[E^

C^8XKS:[?


QUGMC.?
M2G^9B/KFE85BK=28)^M0K/\ 






1)C-:D3Y4U





^D_\ 7[#_ .ABLNM3PW_R
^D_]?L/_H8I ?==%%%(#Y_\7S;/




MZU8.#R:9(
@529:951]K@YK06X.S Y_&LQU(;I4J$X!SWH95KE^-6D?BM.&U



M-QD#D5B-:3!OXN:M01N =V!WJI11-[F\KANI%2HXSC(K.0M@8%78HBZ\9)K
MG=DR&6&E4=,?G4,DZXR*G73Y).@-1R:/

MD'K4+:9)N^Z15+E*N@\Y6[U(N&Z4Z'27)X-7!I4JKP:B370WA*-C


JUKZ%^&:0'=NK1@U29.K5EQXQ2LX








 ^P$]*Q2\LS@N[-GGFJ5)


M3C%AS-[&[\/+R*.\N8Y' F9@5![CVKI/'%[$NC;-VV7J



.K8SQ56.




MQTI?6$PYYS'HERXZ?I5J#PY.Y^8''M7I$6F(O4K2V
87A?TK-XDT6'1Y[;
M^&#N&4[]ZVD\.0A
;


MB(X_VQ67M[NR*]A979]&Y%%0[A15\YARL\]6TMQX_P!6N) N6N5&2.G[I!4G
MB.WACMY9&  ]:Y?Q'K7V/QKKD1)&VX3OZQ)6-J_B6XOX1TY
2]LURSO=HZ

O@&K





M:&0=*MVUCPOR'CVH=5(2BS-AL



MK)D0G@C'X5UQEW

RLJY]L5TUGHY7 V8[GB


U;DA)
M& 

U4XZ!N:
AR



MX'-;J$28 ]

[V9%:2,8/7M5E6*ZA9EN]Q'_ .AJJ@.
M0%Q[U8M_^0C9JQY%Q'_Z$*:UD*I\)[S11CVHK4YCYS^(EUY7Q%U]-V
3QG_R





MLY4RXU$R_+RW%3P/M[UA/J*A\YIZZJHZ&DZ;L4IHZB*Z*L/FJ_%?D?Q?K7&+


MO7)Y6G03.S;L8K5)I!)EV.'!P%&T=ZLF(*G'7M26[;U['BK13Y ?:E)LPTN8
M=W'G/;BL5DW-M[_2NFNH]V[O^-9:V^V?.



MOQZ]:UTB\R/  Z=Z/:)DRAJ95WAG(SA:RY649 '/K6O?6VT$K7.SEEZTMWH-

MHM)12

MGV_$0]
5




_6KC18'713\#'\ZFF9&BZBN7M-
M5R

$U42?CYL@U:CH-&U$Q5





-V[GU%;]EH90?-DG



M-E0CG'%4)8B6R!6[]F
SX[5

M'2L2VT^&



M(;9G7=PL@VJ
_09JC%H%]?R;HHBJ^K#%=9I5K;V2!YE5Y6K5@E
F B;14^UL

X*$GL*R3X(U#4;CRI%$:'@M7JR1-
Q#(1CH::]O-:X/F Y[5



?2H+K552


?UJU0MJ9.JCI&OBS9C))-;&GV.H7: \J




E5SS670Y%C;@YQ7-W6C:@)OD4$=CBO:FLE_N#I4!TN/((C'
MOQ24ZB+5:YXTGA^];DY!]
5%)X5O92


X&216?+X2DE?)W
M#D8KU+[




M]&\?G7)4B^=GI4HI4TV:=N\;3YZUH3&%E '&.OM5&#1+^VV_:+:82EL;5'/
MYUM0^&[J^MR6\F
/_JY!EB/K63@[BE4BMF58Y-.L8_-ES
Y/YZGT%;R:E
M=1J\6E01#'RAY



@7N


#BFT1[5&'Y

M4T;')(_.K^H6:R1$! #CIBL@:9)$?

U:-GJ%M*@55V;3S6


9JQS2HM:Q9O%$9
 $/\ WLU&KS [


J3N![T.;M8I)7&Q7! W
26/%2?:I@XR 5I6A
0VY!8CG-0
LG17&!
M4WL4HQDS0+B501@






M:.YM[$Z+[6

9'+*/

6$MUK6JR&U5U2Z&QR?^F:
M4NDW2PW#P,Z^8K?PC('XU5VJCN6VW%&C<33=EE*^@ ;M5=8Y&&7D4<]N<U6

M;NLR@?-!



KQR
Z+LH5@?IU-<MJ
ME_(\WV:W(YX)-7M4U4V=C+(_.%P*P;6X18%N&(



MC6\%M+'RKC!ZYYJ2738[I\H[#9T#5YW:^)9+:96
C.A.2H-=#:^+HGO.20AZ


MI5F&\@J5D'3T--NHX&53&/+D]JS;JXF@_P!3(&QU!ZU4G8B
5(ORH?FDF.%Q

#Z5 \)$T;D86FWTGEN G*'K33:%RILQKZ,D[AUSTJA'E)/G]:V+B)I5R.<<
MUDS0R;\@'&:T3+44:]HZO@M#[. 0*P[-WC;!X]JWX)&*GN8SC8!&5Q@4_




#




17'#78\EN:C;7,G[Q
M[52P_<MW.Y^T!1DGBF]7.-U<5)X@.S )Q[50N-=D0!T9O6K5 EGH4LX
9(/




M8



&Y&'(5NF!Q7G]U=7&L:FDD+;

0J.21
MCFIASWL.22U*TC+(%99,<]





B)_




XSG.0*QK3Y]C6+459&=-;)(NT#FLR6R








MQ7



M9:O;O:H%2XSD GK65/1F-2



2PI\L8'
*
M$DF$0@:*W/5VYXJXNOVS1E/+.0?ESW%<I9N(I55R#U#=ZTDADA:*=Q&R
V!


MNR5[D#@&I9V$8^]E1R&J&RN)8SM





MNW




M.3]:JW

M _E5V;T




M]MV$:-$QSPS-G-6UBE5BOF(D9R2ISUJ3R[?R%B\P%\$YQC%-QN3&3ZD DEV







MJI&TY[U3LK^TU&-583&'7.#5G3D
-_-:D'D;TST-$HV.^
K*QV.B^(;;5[










MY93N/ZU0F@U.:#SA'*4).% ]*CB\/:K=QB60A(FYP6YQ]*:BK:EJ*2U9TL-U


M^FZJLSBUU1%$@^42'^O^-6-2T@




E)HK8)^[!P
^@K+-_-:7

MN+RAW =$;Y


M KG-8

M.YW+CNN0:O17I15N/
1E.


MGW-)NZ() L9X(JN;A-W7/X5#J%R8E8J1QZ5S
FJ

M3%3:5*C:Q9?



MEN4IIZ
\%=9$F# LK@8R.

M&'.1Q64^A3JS*9&X4[ ?6NIU(217)V.B8J96$B[]APXSC/TKB==\.#YKRRW
W'?GFJUE?W.EZB+N2%Y;?Y\R$%9/;'O73?J9I7+&F^%[?4#


MQ1W4A


5C6EY)#HME# 7
D*J7DE/S$GTKH
MQ;&[TQ7=CEI%=]W6A6V1R3;O=C)M
AN+64;%N
9*)(
]1VKQ'6=
N=%O5O8U



MZ$^E9M)['?%W((697:-SD$]S5^6Z:.U(7*Y^]@]:I3Q
&
U


4YSWJK6=RRI& \N=Q*CVJQMC
3$J
@\8JS96
9LUD^UQHQ!)0CI
M68UR&=E8CY (JU=L=Q7DB,G#$+W'I2XA9C$J;?0U6V(6(+9SR*K!7%P 
;

 /4T7+P0S+ T;&,#Y
ME4\U+!(]^\<&G6R0C'S;CC/U-8)$WLA+ES&26N7VGD /S4<7VB;I-)'VY;M

M/
XJ
W&H6LS!;IV.=WEYXIX\

MH%XIFS8^(8;IO(U!0I;[K
.E6KW1+2]^:(0R!Q@/NP0?ZUQLTL=T?WHV/V('






5YV(=YL]&E

MT6R
TW[SBM1;$

M2G=CD.TA@.U3BX0CD?



M[[N#GVJ


D9Z&N
)I;ZA


M&CNA(8EM0





MFW8ZDD=


L5[O;9O


M*JQ_*?F]Q6DMTTUL4=5W#N.#BH;ML#91:



9_B?3)=2LT



:K_V%J&[ A:O?O^$?B(^[

G3BSP
:'J /


4=<9[$5'=QC=Q
MT-2T9!*[(^0?IBM:QO@8N3T'-9OE!D^;TZU6!:!B

X8\



6
LDU
MM)


*W4I _P\C!]#2V%^9!L+ D#A3TJWXXN[F]TW3IY8AB)B1V7!88_E7&P
MW3QN61\'WKI@FXZF2J<L[';QM&7;?@;N,54U?PZ]U +ENT<!N^?3%4H;P74

%OG)E;N/:O






M$;SC)'Y.2ZXW
.%ISS.%0R?-''C;SUILVI%1MAP
./U.*
MAB/+RP 8]:I0$R@$L2%]:U;6

O'






M4_=O'EBH %47=&/_ &K/$VW[R]ZE_M#S9%QQDU0N]@G8ITIT;H%!Z$4[:%V1


_

PO/+WKG;&Y\AU(/'UK
MJ[>
TZ:$Q 58N9BGW:H2W!DXS1N--R(WNPH[C

)(3BDO
M[ZP;RK=FNY!'@R$9U:U=3.IP

I*QIU(.=GN:PQ?6]O/OC'G*G)!; :GV/C&XTJ62:VDC

MTICX& (UPOY5DGDUO!65CSJLKRN307$D$@9'*_2NCL;R*X569\/7*T]':-MR


MZ5C*FSOAB(R.E\UE7#Y0.U+))A B+@'DM60-7@X 88)QUJ*74D=FDB/TJ.


C4% 

J



&

M9!K
\2^&K;Q#:2W%D&6[


M:O!)GJPX%:
NI#ROEY?' JBFUB3T8G/-:*Z


BJ]WJRHV^)-V.IJ-
7HEC5W&&QC(KMMMOLNCV\;8W%=QR?6N6\/\
MA^:_=9[C0HV[:?XZ[]+; P1QVQ6$HW9MS)(CPIXQ35A3'5:5$3MTZTNY%R







CDNB&(-
6XR0 :C
ME4%N.






0HXRAK3EB^H_K


URNYY&Y)))[TTJ5)

MU'&F-X9O:G1ZQ #EW51WR:Y1+*[;[L

Q+-N4]?DYJ*+4M;9CMGE /8]*[FW\*HI4B-1[8K8M_#T


:E@F*C&:4H:&BG<TM3.]@PYP.@K.+DC XJS

MO+M()I4E]:KEL%Q[





M*J7\7VNZ


/)_WJH-/=@8\SC'3%)NDR9.1_LTN9B]F;27@'1#^#4X


B3!/.!2&Z@9
_.!].E

-&WX&CF8

M]P@&




MFSSZTU-]R;'+M\/]+(YLD_*JDOPUT=O^7+GV-=A]JN#]QA^(JU#-
1ER#^%6

M]CWJ&6X^]C)QS5J

T$;
H48/'6
MFU9J7%]#'AC*%P00,\U5G\0VVL.]W/7CI7




R
MQXZ9Q4
EZ.H:A4VPEB$C07A?F:FF2-1DX_.L=[_K@G\ZIR7QYP?SJE2
98E]
M#?-\BYP:HW&I*5X;\*PI;IB.HJLUPQ[UJH)&+G*9IR7Q.2
?6HHKOYP3US6:
M78]Z0

4WF*
=*D[\UDV
QQUK5!W+S6#C8]*G*\2*4XIBG!
/ -0X)J50P





M SD]
4G$7*C:66 KDE=U(9X=NT ;A6




U&VN?4X/2LK5]0E4
M)R?F/-1(WRXYRPK54D)SNBS<R\D5'!( R*Q]7NIS*80YV+\N*UXE59D/H<#



MJTA

^_451(EP6Q\IP.G-!



D^]I3G_MYD
M_P#BJ:?A%X*(YTE__ J7_P*HHK00P_#P21SI4G_@5+_P#%4P_!OP

M .!4O_Q5%%40QG_EO F,?V1)_X%R_\ Q5-_X4EX!/71Y/\ P+F_^*HHI0A

M4_@Q1QI3?^!
G_Q5%%#-8$?_  JCP;_TF_\9/_ (JG?\*C\%?] E__  *E
M_P#BJ**9JP_X5'X*_P@2_\ X%2__%4G_I/!8Z:4_\ X%2__%444A)L/^%4





M8^R''_75O\:**0AA\&Z&=N;1O^_S_P-'_&:%C'V-L?]=7_ 

M5%%
!!\'_! '&DO_ .!4O_Q5+_PJ/P4O32G'_;U+_P#%444P%'PB\%?] EO_


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

VJ$1T5+LHV4 1T8J392[/:@+%%2[*3RZ (Z
MU)LINPT 

 W&DW&C!IN

_




UR9_6FL* .S71UU33+*^OK^\OKJY89@#C('/3\NM/\ *T[3




GRE(Q]3W-(#0M-$M5;_ $EW(*JV


T:'*JL2@$^OO2[M9_YZ7G_?1J

M%E48]LC//M7+@Y




M1E?:BR&





MI?*!=6L

[3ZBF



/F?Q@XW#IVVYI]SH=U?1YGU']\

;H]A&5_ ]*I$EB'1[32

YS@GCO1KN

CGT-
M
96# ',N_''K@5O'.
M,9/YU&:0T5RM,*U9(J-A2&0HOS5;C6H4'-64IB'8XIKI<<4QA3 924XBFU0
M@I*6B@0=J\-THHDFH

YZ
M#)R











M8IYP -P*DCH1BHRXS@'GTIW$(:*3/K2!UQG(_.@0XBF$4KRJJ%CD_04Q9!(

*A-/\Q6'!IA- 1.IJRE5EZU9CIB)P.*:PQ4RKD9J&3K30
C-
M-I33:HD6FDTIIN: %/W&/L:\


C/NB^3)/N33-7U6'4K6WM[6&X+H


[




M?



M2&

8MO'8'@GZ5X0TSB$K%@-)PS*O:IDVMC2

M;&GRL;12Y!8.H!ZX'_ZJ=.5R9QL6W;_0G6

M:%O+

M@*L(XE^\1[=JSO[9N_[Z?E6:CVL^00+9LYWY)4^O':M'?H__ #S;_OD_XT[A
M8]&U'Q/=V-V+?RXI%J0Q!'45&OCY_Y]8CC_:-8FM%FU0DCHBC]*JX ' S7
M.TC9


MWOC('3[@I;



M  JA->1Q.%

I&/.92H_/BAR;9I&E[MTFSUJPD633K*16RC1@
M@]



TBK; [QDMG.:26(7R1F
MYM-JQ.6YSS0X@H2
.V\
W%V)+O4+SRY)55849&8HN/4'BC2_#S^'=1B
^I+=
M+
Y4




M;PY-M:/(

&/; /0_2N7

MI/#^H7FEZA]KAGWO*N9$E^96Y[BO7=%U2SUJQ\];6))$.V1@X/M[5M3I^S
NXC\-M:6%N\Z@K.ID.T\D]0OY5V6H00?V7=%


MKY0B5(



M5[JN@Z03SIMJ?^V0J;^P=*_Y\(?^^*=T%CS;4U)NEE:9#O4$;3FJP4'^
?2K
M%W$9+M_E8YQ0EFV

5P9
A









0/PZ52/A-_P#E




M9
]'MIUEA5QSD=15H


M3Y96+J-S5C=52/K4^:M
<GBJE5I_Y6)4)O5*YS0\$7YN$



M7[

XW=N]85[X=U+2;C_3
N*WC5YVT8NGR*XD_A'5T<W'E


/STG4Z)
MG
ZUH
=XFD:DLTHFU*81


$R ?F']*Z)Q3EJ=






_$VH64DBPQV




8&YQ






K0Z3/&Q& /+R
M3^.*]%+G^^__ 'U32S?WW_[Z-0L!33OJ5]=GV1X_=ZAKD;)-!:7\LP.=IMRB





9QM:YS.$NQU=E=ZF;5&DN&9B.I JTNH7R]64_5:HQ75D


''TK3TCX

6;:3Q^=;MM9Z%%))(LVX.Q?:Z\ XQZ5G)-C3L$D
MUO)9&-KJ-),8)*GBL2X2.+&VYCEW$@;<C^=6KF.+B.XCG4G^$'(J2SL+*YM






+M_6


M14D%9..V*L1VD$*!I'$CG\@:;JOB%]4U:ZOFMTC$[[S&#P#[50-T&.=I]P




2-(%R#\IK8^TQ?\]5_
M[ZI/M$7_ #U7\Z+C





MI%5=-\5Z?J5Y#:M9W4+2M@




AP%ZK59)'QTQ7MXQU!?^6=M_WR?\
M:1?&6HM\PBM2/]T_XTG7I-[B^KU#O'TZ\NGC9(V.#GI5Y=#U%]N+B*VVG(8/
M\P_*O.O^$XU3=@P6OY'_ !II\;ZCGFWMOR/^-KTUU#ZO.]['J5[X5L-0@7S


M'U&]W[1=OG'H*J)
PR;4]45O^/R3KVQ5O[5
MJ6!_I<N2*IL&8Y.,^U:(?@991]!5QJS[@XQ[$/VS4L9^URT@O]2_Y^I?QJ22
M5$(!9<GH*:9-IXQ3]I/N+ECV$_M'4U/-U)^0K3M[V],

!VJ-WR

ME;0J\AE.GS'3&T5[R/



M&9G&%4 9KJ?M\CX\V*WDQW:(?TISWD#RI-+9(9$^ZR.1BK]O!D^RDCSJY\
7
MLNI'3[::*9HXS




8K.U#PYJGA^VLAJ5JUL;E6:)'.'(!QDKU ]
]
M:]!^%FH/HVB:[?+$LHCN;4

Z#%:W
A;59



ML=

M)_JOQK
=1O/ _*I;-(Z&/):3-

%FF(__]D!
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg12.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 #+ 4D# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#NN:.:?@4N

4#=32:7%(10 TM32].(-1E35 !:HRQI2#3

2YD'\
*\?F:JPKG11Z=&OWF
MR?:K*1QH/E4?6O
KGXC:S?LRZ1I2QK@D22_

M:MC]!BFD*YZIJ'B+2=+!^V:C;Q

.C-\B_XU

M *]U_WW6.,DTM 6/HL7CCJGZTX7WJC5#BDV\UR6.@M#4%QSN'X5(M[?XL?

P_

_C4JZBW

_G0!H/:/&V'4@XS4

MNCH?QH
(J/-HQSL3/K@5

:C\H4





MTW1QMCE(5_C;^](:JR)NSTV.:.2!)PX$;J&#'C@]*F7# $$$'H1WKG]1MI+G
MP;#%'TQV0,8U&2P!4GZ\5F:E;RFUOY;RFM;!_)_=
I&YP_S
$!R!MX..M*


VZ]

*-$GE%!@GYNN0.:M/J

:-%+*

 9R 1DG%58FYL[*38*RUU_?



1]:4;6'!!^AS185R(M*.C4T32CT-3,M1E?:BR&
MO)5[?K2-?R=U_2DVTQDI6X?V@S-M6

P9F/




MP-.WF
JX!P

_4]JH 9?C@$_E6A=;1)'L6$G!X1#SSWSU-&S8^W!9$CM%L03A(
M?
)SW!J3S+C_ )X7GY)_\54
 

-MYUY)D?)'&!$/4_


/E


T[BL4M1NET+03(#EH8UBB']Y_

+%)
%@15BWTV
MVL[1K:W1HHW)+


?;FISX<M3YCM/=-<
RN+AI/W

*NWY@.*E?3KJ/5;N6.UCN([S;B8L UN0N.A

SRQN\
M4DC*C;86!&5/ +8_$B@!?[&OOLT



GD?-)]T 8P

N_''K@5O'.
M
9/YU&:0T5RM

M:C:QO
IMBC3.0H@BY &./K6K8Z?]HD2\LYIY8X1M%Q($5!SG&.WZTQ&7K5V
MTDBVF^*18CD21G.[([UFP%DGC94WL&X4CK787.EVMS:WS8V*J0_[G+N_'&?




]
UJR&S@O4\JUAN(RG
8D8

M-*11;ZY9ZK)-;VP9FC4.8PH^GK3;AF+V\$)R7!PK



FU&6W)
T(^SHVR293RI[-C^[6T]H\(WPL&W)A@Q]: &'Y%)W

M[159OM#*


M %9@@_/DFGZB]VNH6\3)&D7G9C6
*&SZGM^=07XN&NL.S(6 4[Y Q]N1_*J0


0

%XYXY[5K_V


JV







MECNDM^6/GJ


4D *A'0GDXZ9IHU










SL4FSZ_[=3Q^


UM


M:0EW:7LS(S3N4^4L
'IR*V=:UG3KG0[FW
F_S(@P&.17D?AX_;[F[AEE9H


Q#!OE(/2J2:6\5C'%(D;MNP?ESDYJ






H?:M8VM

(Y#22!21Z=ZVX+:3 ^2L+QS
M;/\ V1;





^M1V][:^3)(1O784)&/SQQ5F3PI8-')*&E15P2

C0;#'/GYB

'CIS4\L#


MQ^\:XC/_ %QS_6I3XDT5]N+TG# X:!A1R1Z

$E8
MD?K1-J5PDSR6]U.B2'E5D(J;4U_M;4&FM#/=AF('EPD!0.@YJM+I6H16)+V
MPW/\AVY)KFE%J6YT+DY=4B)M5OS_ 


\@X'S9 ].*Z769WOM4N_(MFEF

MO.


+

M
;6^?&$




C_
M #P:T=



?)SGBLG

M2UN=1T^\@N[FWA#H?

 =_2HCB:4
MEHRW1J+=&Y!I\X1?N=.GF+_C7*^)Y;'7-)6SM=3LUF$P8B8L N
CL*ZJ*_UF
M?_4QQ-[B$?X5PDNF7\4]WE?
DB?:RB
:OJ^N1:7=:E(\

M:=I%KJVIZ=;^=) EO

&0DC






5C).]B9S@HF[IWBC5;K4+:T+1R&:58\D

CP2!U&
#(KVCPEK^

[L

+F%PS#)1S_%BE^(6K2V6A+:Q'



M*SC](TW5]/OVFFTR[

N=I7)_PKNL@#
MEB!ZYJ
7$+$*LZ


 5ZIGC[Q_[ZIVXC^-O^^C67
MU&FE971K]=J-W:1PJ^)+SRV TB]1@G#U;EOIV'O5.3Q)KX,K0Z3/&Q& /+R
M3^.*]%+G^^__ 'U32S?WW_[Z-0L!33OJ5]=GV1X_=ZAKD;)-!:7\LP.=IMRB
MJ3U-;MOJFF0V'E7\E]?3DDN6MI$12?[H _6O0=S?WW_[Z-'F/_??_OHU7UG



8-/N 6*!&*D $
22?:O8()'WDF

M)^+_ !7?ZO+$=8N##%@NK ''.

M)JMTI^=$;VZ4DNKW^_


_K75VL+


MUO)9&-KJ-)



SXBZ5;^
OL\EO=1Q
4M\-O$T-DUU-I<_/18R&=?JN<UZ@&NXY?W=TZ*.-F

MC\17+6&DO%?VSAT9D=6*A3D8ZUTHO+?_ )[)^=+]KMS_ 
MD_.MTS*Q@2+$9



MI4Y\HQN/GR
CVQ4/E/-
A7&W()JYH]SJ7V43WU^TS-G$;(NU1^7)K2CNT=
O
M;0-_P#'\JT^JON3[==BA$DB)M5RW/ -+OE7J%Q5#Q!XGM]&\D?V?&WF$CR,
MI%5=-\5Z?J5Y#:M9W4+2M@,) P_45+H20*M%FE&S^;(48JP/\+5934M0@;W
M
F/0G-94.O:&SLXO9HLL0?-AXX^E:







#W9A7C'_6ZEW%O_P!^O_KTQ_%NHG@BV_[]?_7I?6*8_J]0
M]EO=5M%7RPP8NI^9./QK$MKF!;A41(XTYYKS+_A+M1[1V__ '[/^- \7ZEN

M:1?&6HM\PBM2/]T_XTG7I-[B^KU#O'TZ\NGC9(V.#GI5Y=#U%]N+B*VVG(8/





^U:(?@991]!5QJS[@XQ[$/VS4L9^URT@O]2_Y^I?QJ22

,;@G(ZDLSSV88X/


M'RBG&I*7Q

MHII$V-O4

?A4$6E6=F;Z[CN(9GN H.!AC@YZ4IU82@[


\?WP2/]H5L7
4?







=P&
UMXU1(KD#ECCKN'(S[BFDN43;YC-TZR
MBU/4$^<3V]LUQ@'W]I&X'_ (#D_A5W0] BU31K^\,C121Y6UC\3.%+LOX
M*/UK)T'5TT[Q!8SW#?N?
\N4-T*-\K9_ UU\\O\ PB=WH^F&;+VDK3W.#C=O
M;&#_ 
  _.DK6NPES7LCF[;2TGT74-0F653;M''$J_QNQ/7V !IFDZ8+^^:W
ME\Q%667(ZY5P'Z5TOB2
Z1:VNDJX)
LMTQ!R-K';'S_NC/XU2\.2$ZM(
Y
M_P!$G[_]
VJ'I)192UBY'+!& R8VZ9JYXETW0]'TV*#7X-0O;HH+B2VM)%B$

MAG[]R



MG;Q'[.GS=O6L_)Q6E#_Q[Q_2FA


R94WNBGH6 -6)(M/$KH6N%*L5Z ]#52(G[1%S_

PR
M#U5\?SJ.VZ+]*W[;_CW'TKH^KP9FJ\D8#:=J$?WK5R/]GFL^YN3; ^=%(GU0

LMPSJF=H..*VK*YFEF99)&9?0U
L

MA


MZX]:L3?ZXU$:+C*DD-SM98W*JXPX5\;AZ'U%2QFYCMW@0L(Y
%T#_*Q'3([X



?8?F-9LM

L&\Y(CD(!^N*A+'[
&S\WK3

LDDKEF.#ZGFNC\-W)A@N+)9
M&4





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


MS#N:+#N=-_;+$=149U


D/\9_.E\U_[Y_.

M2L/[3+ZC\J3[3+ZC\J.0?



M
$HG3N@K?\':5J.E:[)?:E93VEKI\



*


M:4URVU%JP]F;&]7(P5-)29KR(SS\+;06/VC^P; _+G :3/\ Z%7$:KX?T^RD


M/_C4T5EIKG TB$_\#?\ QKH/[+3!.#^(J]:Z4IP0
CZ4N9F5D8EMX?TR89;2


8]CG?^$+T?
M/%G!_P!]O_C3E\%Z/GFQA/\ P-_\:WP.:L1Q;JQ]M4[FGLX]CFCX+T7MI\/_
M 'V_^-.7P1HQ/_(.A_[[?_&NJ6 =35:\U%+646MM%]IO6&1&#@(/[SGL/UIJ




M5%GFOB'P]9SZ5=3SP-+-' Y2225F*\=LFO.[]49$DA0K&44KD]\#^M?1_B+1
MK4^'-1V1X(MI

=

M6CH?$-UI%U#&=
T^XM6'!
LYD!7L
'I7-2O)

MD3&.QK-:XM\X


ME?\ 7Q\?[50HFEPGE+ ;F9L#:
G.!Z5E3-\_-7I;F G'GI^=9UQ)%M8B523P

RKZG@&L^5VEE9W)9V.68G))^M6'98





MT&AS\9C-3MH\JC[M3*XXV

MCY


M4*
 ] /8I$AEGY;=%$?^^F_P%)OHAI;R[^5F]QU /_4U9AM/+822'S).
MQQPOT%/1%B0)&H51V%2 FD

M:SKWSO/BQYODX.[R?O;N


Y]^OZ57%MJK0Q9N'W-=EWRV/W?.!TX[=*
MR?\ A:/AO./

1I8U+RKO


W]8&=%OA_T[






8?9G\13-1DTR;9]@T^2U(^]OF+[OSK.*93:1



?^VK?XU=MUE(&5JR

MB;4'
=D3'!T:YQRW^X/ZFK%I906

_2]&=
MRW



M7-LX&5;U'J#ZUA_$.)H;2 -.2AZ#;CFO4O%?A-M7:+6=+9+?7;4?(W\
ZC^!
M_8^O:O'_ (E:^FJ?8H#:R6EW A2[MV'

/2U?[
I5MO_ :
MU$63/
G_ (Z*H:.%_L^
EAGW-:)*@\

M
?[HJ0
I/+#\ZOV-S8VZN+BRANB?NEY64K]

USC!F'M\@J-//
M/63_ 


XLA2*90!O#8'4BK
7VC'5/RI1&Q'!

_[*YKE4W #I3KB&XNH
MPL.J3V6!@B(#!_K7)U.J+LCJ]?ED)S%)YO\ O+BLJS&HN
QVD
G^\#7)7'AN

M





L


M2VN7(&-^&/7WKTGP9\0].\5QK97#+:ZJJ\Q$X$GNOK]*\Y^/J_\ $_T\GJ+7

R=?FS*3Q7/4Q5-71M&C)ZG^3SP/TIZVI/\ #^E=X/.GCH)O^_I



MVB#1VDLY/:/''YUFG4;C?M71;@#..6KU'^P]/ _X]_\ QXTTZ+IX!/V?I_M&

*Q+%E3I@U0!TJQ
M(V:AVDG&* $ J=0N.E0;&SC%3KPN


UZZ.%G&71'VN3 *C/2NZT@XT&XY&391\?G7!739N9#[


+5?



M[1?RJEN@Z
]3\#7.SP5IBXSB
_\ H1KH5O5[Y ]O6N6\%2JG@O30RY_=GD?[
MQK;\Z

1:-[)Z+0;IBIS^E5E



MD]2/QJ01/GN2.Y-2XL+HKD*!D;OQ%2(0!D)GW-6# 'CVR;B#U&:D2
1H%4':

QQDCBLVD


MZU$US;KUF7(]#FBPKCEBE8_ZV


MJKQ1


MTOF'IR3Q6^?$
 M=

M7X'WOQRU8.EWT6HZ.MY#.J?O&3]ZQP0#QTZ'ZU.DEP\AC1HRP&3@MT_*HC0;
M=DC5U5W-7S#W-




M22:;*D3


?KV%=CH

]*E%E'_SS_6HO#GB






?G5&TS]DG YR17726NER9MII!';.Y#




EWC80455R2*ZSPWMN_#D4R [7SC/?DU4H.*U
M!23V*


)!  C!:J2^&-/=!Y&GJ\IYP
DFKMK8P P6US9O#C



MV8K,-Q'T\Q?SK0MV!M%Y&,&ML?)M1OW,,OI1ASV[&1/:/+Y0QHP4D$]!]:

(]3L




AZC\1KW4((8;BP1C'_&IVECCDXSQ7(ZIJNH:I+Y8N&MHX9$11D8[$@\U%%
M)9R*'DO8D8IP


MI*?-C8.CJ&5AT8'H:\1FEMY0(Y%BE3!^]%_A74:!XT.BP06\A
UE!'M6)%._
/\*D_X1


M%XXR6QN &?P%5D\!:8DOFBXO/

=S /@RP+9-S=D

?\ MJW^-;&:3--2DMF#47NC


__ (1W1P/^0?!C_=H_X1_2/^@?!_WP*T






MSTS5O#\NLZ$&C


 .OKZXINEZ5#!XROH92&LM/3S69^
M1@C(!^G/Y4_9VW]059


M^B:I8R6'DCS;-%?S%SP&/2DH*5K=1NK8Q/*G!YMY1_P TW( KK/%/B#4;!K.
M.V:(1W%ONDW)DY/I7-^&K-=5UV*VFYA13)(/[P';\Z7LU:Y7.5U2:5/
2&5X

M=_%/AS6+5/+BU#):/T;83FCD[D^U


O:6L
MLL8.-RCC\Z@DBGAG\B2*19L[1&5.XGTQ6MXFUV_T[51IFFRBSM;5%&$498XS

\EC
L8&3Q

M+?36T_7DTZ-+=0R




3.

!IPZ5 I).!WKI%U/3
M/#\

YK'3Q%K-I:1P6^H-%#&-JJ%' ^

C0J)1(/NC:
M=Q6/9'Q)+XWTF[U^UB@^_#$8P #\I)'4US::YK
-ND


M
?E6UJGBQM(\76.G3QQ?8IH5+R_Q(Q. 
M$$NV[CGCD(X$P(./QIKE:L_




-;A88V;[
MJ@-@?6N6L])OM2W?8K6:?;P2BY _&FG1=2%Y]B:QN/M3 D1;/F(]?I0N7^OO
M!Q.TTNUU+4/A_I


RL#T[_ (\54T_2[S6I
MWM]/C$LB+O8;@

GC\14%W
MXAL;CQ=H5O9LJ:9I[[!*QPIRN
\]NE9%WX
UBQLYKNXM8UBA0R2-Y@)  R34

MJ*C

M=5U&^;RH[FT\F)0
NE\12VNJKIIB)8V]J(WR
M
-Q5((

MK









);J9A)J%P
MO=O[@]O\]ZHI%\O KFG44I:'13BTCKO!MI:Q6]UJ=^(_)+K;QF09&21_4@5B

OQ_H*&;6]*LL3%+R
M*
?=(_BQVQW_ #J:__\)+X'*J-K0+G Z\HQK3:-XXU5)@7TZ[F*SQGD=
;
MA_7VK2UU+1?%?A7[*T?D0YE6!KQBFGLG_6@.]KF1K/C_5=+\57EDUI:S:?


M


16=K9JJDF



H[Q;J][X<:ST316%I'''DF@LY/_ .K)J+PC

MQ/:26=Z[Q+ZS32'*Y/3'%%URVMJ5UN4_UF)?&6J7\P/D6
DLA/^UDX_K2^

M)O$

1(GW6MOY3[QWXZ?E5N5VG?\B5

M
GC\










C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


;:7O


?RIW9-DB^NU








NYFNIF 1653\
MW?GVJ*.\FFE 4MR







ZQ'^
MD@^QK4K+LC_I*_0UJ45/B04M@HHHK


@TCR;CN/))YKHY-;G-SNUB:9 \2. ?O8J



DT9(%
1/:X#!CC@\5V&B6TUZ5CCBP



MX1]F .



MI& !_$Q_I68D.-8F2


;
9X;GI6BFG7!
-A)(AD=


G7_?:OG=ILSJHP
]3[5]%?#4@^!]


DRQ[L9.





MY]


?E@_G7/[M-7'9S=A9U_M -





%.%BW\@_7I5:#2KJYCN)RPAD0

UU$



M#-PQ]

IL7/STD^H1K@(#(0-Q51G Z5E*
M

SLXNHX6R/E)=\ ?




[?[PJVW?_ '6_E4SW'3V1XC\0

MVS=F69\




4/
690/.SM7'( ZFNF[.96ZD,]K 3<EV8F0@G!P !V_G4X
M^QM#(H6-C&V#STQZ_G2)8[YY!O) 9!'WB12V^FK<-?1S(JQ&0!0HQN& <F@
M&ET
FYNK:_N;62

MS'!*

R7T
M]4U%TF+.C1EW).

C!//TJ+46NI[LS1OY13*XZ@ICO4

M:APY#


:\.

Y_WVJH2DV9UD

FY+4FK6VRMV@; PU=%D?W






=R$KC_(JQ=W
M


+]


D...W%2UKH.
G;4K)I=K;2*;?
;MA68#KGV[5-#;Q1JR



ZN


0.:YG2[*6'Q%


SJIV*]P#L)SQQQ68H_XF#^






[1R;I2PC@#
MXJ_/IGGJWF3,?,QNR/2LG^R9;.[CA1B+=V8ED/S'ZUG*-UH:)]RKJEQ=.DN





MN0K#&UON$

M^LWL$=I


26/FY)/_31J
M^7#U_&OJ'X1_\DSTKZR_^C&KK:T.5MMEJ=LQL
=LU153]I'/.W^E:
H'EM]*


MTQ6?0U3&^:N ?6E616DVC.1UILF$0M@G'( [T0%&82 $%AWI75[!=F'C_B9C
MVD_K6_+_ *I_H:Y\'_B:?]M?ZUT$GW'^AK:?0RI[
RM
'^CR_P]6@_0_PZ


\AXX3O!'/&:?

M5L1


W]K^+K@VH\QI'5%4=21QBK5R#U

BRL

MYB1$DCXPM7M/O(+VY+HD@6
'


MD%RNWS)W=25QGFDBD7);B=X3
YPI^[Y49.


VNQ;I/+M1 %
MW!OZ8_K4;6%]J


%(/..F:S[7
M5]



G48^M)=W5E?741C







M P$L9R 1FFHIL;F[61:A\.ZM='$-A
P[DK@#\Z?/X/UFVA:6:&-0!D@RC-=9


.

MSNWD






M;RRM=NN5# '&['N*RK:'5+RS^SP7!DLFD+%C]XH/_KT*+*YB67PY;S7#R3XE


_8




'GK7I?AF;R;)F4E2 0

M=

-SCZ=
MZ\[\87L&K:E




MX4[2=.ABOII-NY'7.&.1GG'%7)[6+Y56V5@Q^=L8VCUHMH*^I4TUT\IP&'!(

@Q+MX./E(ST[\TOB6/[;:Q


QNO
M$
:/L:
.01@  #M6[J.CQ36\TBC;\I(55[5RVO+';ZE)'!D $G=TY-4EO[H1


AQG/_+1J?+8F4N9'
M@A^(WB(]+A?RIA^(?B

/
MCSQ'_P _Q_*N9YR/2EXS1[.'87.V=&?'7B

M)
;L+Q@4^2'8?
S;/C+Q#C/]HR?E2'Q=XA8?\A&3!K(+(=N!@C@^E3.L7DC8




9Q6K*]G*2T10S2J



M







M8Q



N!CS'W1GW]*])-Q')*OER@A\

M:][%;K)=-A-Y_BY]J06!M=)6?87E2(
Z \
?2H=4C


M .235)0K3WC.@6WC*X! Y/\ A3L2V

M_(9F8'N*L-I=K/JME

G&*\^
M\1:2C7+SP#:Q/(K/VBBTF=H2J1O$Y;O2&K6LAF6-D89[XI+BW
$I1CG%:J
M2;LC%TY*-VBOJ#X4?\ )+]+^LO_ *-:OFOJ+X1_P#)--+^LO\ Z
:G(D^8
(_

W8=%]R:;$MQJMY&N&DDDDV[R

.71=$\-3):7


M












C)( D&
MY2


M7M+&*2&5&$ID(RS[OOFN0T^.=M74&197C(7V(/45W-K/) N)HT1EZ;GZBJT)
M:
^2Z-O*DJ0S-''&3@Q_*&]

6SQUKFG


:NQ['BVL

=CJ


5A



;&/KG%=G/:Q1^&&AT67SI8V'G..I'H*XR5BT(#*1(&^
M;C^E:\K2LS'F3?


W)]6!8NY9L9^E+C--'M3L\4R=

&1E7+(P'J5Q7IW@
!D#'/%7!$56DM6/\ %ES-

M]:SPLVH6ET+Q




MST&:^FOA1_R2_2_K+_Z-:OF1FP

(O^2::5]9?_1C5U/8\IV/ERBBB





M=U$R[-CJ#M]P#WJ)ODBV:07






MW$\\4U6*CY213*/S^E7HC)ML*7M2[6]#2^6^




!V^XIA)SFI8/+:9!
6$98
M;MO7'?%(0!







]S=X/\.$'Z5E

M-@\-I


SF4


^A%52V  JD'ZT_;\HR6WHY7W-KQZ(M.

4QIH4;[J

8J.25F'5@





8Z#W



M11

9W?*/4UCS([E%D2E1^=!8DG:V#[U*(GDP

M+;W



M1CDSR$F7!_

MNXIXYX6+[P4*YX-:1KU8Z7





M5


Z\

S374LKM\\A)/U-;WC'6X+V6
M'3].?.GVT:HF/XB*Y?GL3GVIU&N511%!.





MAN31E7_ +PZ5+A;5&D6WN9SQ70BE7+A6R,9KF-ACF*'^$XP17;RW(:0H
Y

M]:0&)2_G

M79
!)C=Q6?@]JFW%NW@D=JT9DM!+E729EDQO!P:A/%3W'9BVYF7FH*I$]1*
M=GC%)10 5]1?+_DFFE?67_T8U?+M?47PB_Y)II7UE_]&-2EL
^?-3L9+6P1
M-[;3




M+*FV6


/-1R[2O2L[LV4GL8[Z<F<KC-1&V4 JR9
MXK38#I4; LY0X^7H:2DR[EGR5&B63(@;#LNWO7/7FG272'[IC.1QR#72G8N

51?0^M8



 )
,A\\,D81G7&X<5!5IIY#%Y+$%2<U5--$O<
H2BBBF 5]1_+_DFFE?67_P!&-7RX.M?47PB_Y)GI7UE_]&-4R&?_V0$!
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg17.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $1 6P# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#H&N HJNUZ


A\=:Q%U\E_JI%0\),I5XGMPCIP2O
M+K/XB95!,C(2.2&/6MVT\<038Q/^!K*5<=T6JL7U.UV4;

_\_-U
M_P!_/_K4?883S(&F(/'G
7 _#I5L+2XQ3U(T$C/W12XQ2C\J:TB#^+- 7H
MY3LAD?\ NHS?D*:T_P#='YU0U.]2'3[DO*JDQL 

M 

S%%6F@8=
M14?EXK0@K]Z4




M4K7Q[HLA&]Y8F]&2M6+Q5H\OW;Q1GU!KS?0M

M/@'PVY^6V5?]UL4.G ?M7U
]=;TV3[MY?JU.^W63_\ +:%O^!IG^&VBO\


M@E=9






@*F ?Q-0G

7^LD1?J:YB[OI(-/DOKRZD^SQX+&/@

\1:E)%:LV?EVFO*;B^D:=RKO@GUK;#\[CH*

-D]^U9LT


KG$_$*/S/L((SRU=?8 +9H!V'


5N^+;Q[S4)%4GRX?D4?3K7#743LYXQFA6EHS2




8;I[*SQW+0K7FW@Z[
7C/6

O
%;8I8C)YW$?7-:3;N2HE:;P]X9F.#I-O*3_SRBS^HKR[










MJ=CJC.YI.
]*A$)D;&.*(GWL!VK4@A& 0*S;L:;D



MD885;?P'JG(FM2I''S$53Q%/N)49,X=$..E6(E]:ZH^-4 P/LY^DE5KGPM

M#BCJ].BQ)#)_=8&O2M/N?M5FCD_

2&?\ #0#[M\GY4-X-
8!CNHC]0:GU%RGB#3D#D;E




TH[HWM24-J5U






SIB7FE X!JM)* :A\W Y


MT0RP**Q SSUJJJV
EU%(&#6?$56

B?WU_.LY-K!@Y&U@1@GM6
M)HB8A2N0!@]

M9-5#XD*?PL\5MI'4C:Q%=5I5ZP*YYKD(3@#UXK?TQN1BO9G%-'F)M
]*TJZ4




MO/OAY'NN;UO]H5Z4L6ZXP1WIU/C*C+0E@Y'W0
5Y)\83NUJW3TB Q7LCHL:*
M .IKQ?XKL7\2HOHH IT_C%T//)2/)NOEG: 3M]6%=3X3:)CD'
JCI[5SEP

B2##9R.O3DYJ%53








MTFQMS!@N'(':J&N:?9X9/

([5,C1/E&/XUL9%8GDFO:/A3IOF^$9)=@.^[<Y^BJ/Z5XNV3@8'I
M7T'\.K7[+X$TSY/]:C2_]],364Y6+@CQ6)3G)Z5I1,,#-4HU)[\K(? P!2D





I\T
MN[IQZ5SXE6L72=[E]@V/O'_OJJK8+LO(8'DY[_Y-76-4';;.Q'/S X_*N0W0
MI1AQN;_OJJ]TH^SON)(QC!-3QO*TM.@23HP'2H;L@VS#^5$=QO8\$?Y9G![
M,15JUEVR*:JW/R7EPOI*P_4TB/@\5[\?A/*DM3O]&NU5E![L,5]6I)LH#_T
MR7^5?)T6H/##PQX.1S77V/Q'U1(%B:[EVJH ^:L9TF]4*^FI] W4IAMVDVDA
M1DXK

F\3UCQ
M;J]O=P6_E;AM)^\*Z[2KI+S3898\X@=/:OG)_$-S-@23,V.F36A:^,M0MT

MF1R;FXE:0GY6


M1;Q0I)'YA


?;=6=;W$DUV6

;&(_
UYU.KO'&P=MWS






M(Q[TS.:2NCF)L+DU9L?+\_




M+=1[52/2M365V704^E9;5K(UCL

'\/J)
83H3VYKDQB
M]PWP[]XZT72N/E25O^ U6N6


M]*;$6O[*)/RW




M34+-\Y5?F []

M[\]Z;*JLC ],8Q26DAO8\2NYFU\DNI\&20Y; P*L6UE;R$;D!^M3:E8-9Z
MK/;L


:H9$0 !Q494'H*<SX[5'OY

YIJQ

R+GIFKLNFM$Q


2;V/I33-;TW4(D%K.@/=&^

ML''6P[(PO'+QVNMW*( !NR!_#D^M8VD6
D
R2R2

 ?\]JR]1U+68+EUGOOLLQ)^0Q8;^7M6ZCI8C7<Y?6'






M+EI8U2V4_=CA4*%%
34[Z/.VYD&1@]ZW5&%KF;J
]/\ ^%CW
R;[7PY=NIY#
M




$9 QG'MUK!\8

MHDO]H1R%GD9
*5/:DDD[D-.^IZG\.M'.F^%([B5=MS?-YS9'(7HH_*M;4]-L




MO$U&=WL8(X&'X:Z8O





M_6LIX6


 IM'U) KC_#5N+^__ +
3[UU)


:@+C:.  /Y5-=O1H
M[H_D:A=1[!$9K3S;
IK

JCMHAM%+1


PGS3&JCC





COGDYXZ5:L+@RZ6;65-T:D@DC-5RZ(B]S!DEDF;=+(\
MC=R[%C^M

M&.+


V-;.F





XX\V-9
?49J)OW4$=R7=

D9/)HT

U[/XFO'-K'I]HV;F


=:;O'K58L3WIA
M8BK)L6_


J?



GY7'?WI1;F0SM$Y^4X!QP0?Y5VL[Z3=PF&Y@F93WX(^AKGD6Y
M\/37,BV+W%C*JRRQ$#V.?7FNF-3F



M9*T:N




M/KCD_P JVHJ\C.I\(SPFD

6^BVJ%!




4


M*(HM@P!^/Z5R&NVT*SPF
%F\P9+.6_G4T]29D=^+60L@D'/]SD@U4TVZ: O%
MU1?[PK8\J

MBXVK



M


6_M5<UR4K&?J8S&L?ODUE&V!)
M.
9]JVI+.9
%P6]ZB^S'(STK6

MJMF)T]#SVT7S)TS$9(E8%P..













4UE&:?
R;%5FG3@\@5!)
6ZK5_!(Q43QANH%
M-
31E

Y(&*K/'OFY]*U9+92..M4S%SCN*M
EH2(!74_A6C FX\BJ20G(]JU
M(0 H K.3+CH2; HXH  IS4RH-!KHK=1522
JVX=*O9I

M$#DK5=ASTQ31)81\BI0:JJ
8Q4R$DT
:994\U.A_G58=:L(3C\:0SQCQ;_R-



M*:** $IB]Z** &R=!]:=_***!#6Z5%;_PNHHIHDN-TJ-NU%% R:/I-]!2+
MU-%% D2KV^M))]Y?I110



2BBBK)BBB@2V_
AUZ_[PKTFS_X]8Z**SJ[%1)XOOBKB_=HHKAG\1VPV/__9
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg18.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 +$ G4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T#7?%^J:=
MXANK&#[/Y$6S&^











$#^]UZ4C^)+D':IA.



] '2'QOJ


M7/4CK0!U

#G&




M_-P
]A3W9(8/*'7'..]-LU 5IR





_*
4N2




_0D?T% #7(8K@\9X&





MP+@J



N1GVSG%0R+DX()R*ML@ZX
M_#-1





M9LGD*3BK#VFKH%#PSH'&5R
9HL

-OIAS14?P?26/X



M)6WN%0_

PR34

M9

F@ ( ^5#@G
MK[TC @! 3FN)UOXA06

D*G^&$;
?E

M.]MR3TQ(IQ5I6\T*2Z-M')4\5\]QG3L?-M%/:2!03;SNA'0QS$4PT/H/! Y7




DCI

3GBA@<D$=N#BJ\TD


MP
?+FKA48X%59%^;)]: *N#CD5#(I&



NUAMZBF(^6X_A]J


?)U.
&LR68@0F*XNI9MI.4B








8&

JC.Q^AIZ;0
MA=C\WMVH ?@Y#G YI^-S;0%QC.#4:#8FX@Y(IX&U 
MA X-
9Q1^M



MZTUN&P3@CUYP#W^M-##J..


'GC_/Y579@O

ME;C6\1=F

M




MKN\SY





F6&GVNFVB6=C!';PC^!1_,]_J: .)\-?^WM



E

X.
=

PVB_NT1
M=N2$V D^N*[;X2*1H^H$CY?/7:


]P1[4 .C3Y^1@ ]Q3BO0@\8YIZKEL9S^/6EVC&#V XI@

=J/X/RVGF@/8!P#2
#OZBI-I!/)]QBD(.\MG.
M3D CI0! 58\C'I1LR



Z _G7FG@MRFJ?PXV-D






M(T4[P*4/A2V
98J6?[QR1\QHIB.%\;2K#XJU)CQQ'T_ZYK7*VLV=T[8R3P2:





N&.2



-S$[N
MG0^M(


M ]0*4*.0.E.*D@!I!)Z8]*3 SR!GT IY/08SZ\4ISNZ=#WH B SC([=J I
M);![U)M^;(Y]::%RW(XH C*=NG/6C9\H '..*DV9&3@CUS1R5XQP

M




M'453GOK:


MQ&TC/2@:-%;BXA^S

M)92Z'H=K9G#. 2^.S$Y/\Z*9):OAEYO8@_H*K1X9%)]*MW?^LF^H_E52(GRQ








MM


9M+4(@\SY][ \GFHX1DNI]
\U-!9O=3^7%(C
%+8)QG%2
M-930RF2155

M*X_6@9
-*N)(U=

IZ$')JNZR6C@.AYZ58#RBU9//*


U7GPH^4GDT(1?EC+D]!DX-.3GH
Y/6H
M_FVR





S7A'



MC\16\6S


%+6TT
M&*&VC2*,.Y(  
L:*8BM?\ B71+75;RPN-4MHKJ) TD3O@J-H.?R(_.JEOX

CEIF
@_7% 'IR XR1U%.*D8X/7TK
MSA?A3:]8O$.M1-V(N33C\

Y_5G


]3_

?




MHS


T!H=9I?BS

H63D^V:R;GXCW4;
AET1EY  
KD_IBN0O[*3362)U6/]T97.
M2J]OSJ7PQJ$%C9W3V

M#L*2WL]-F$PO+I[7C
3A/

MR0R(0$BMXA(S?CT%

\9C
M



M:ZPJ





U
M




-AP
]Z
MC63Y6YZ'O1H!;VK)\K;6!/(/.:2(*J



@!('5L#/ZYIDG.TIP5Y%)2C
MK0!)#CD$]::S+LQD?G3K:YEL[M9X'V2+R#@''YUM/XLUHP&-KN











O&
]

M'RX')I 1R=

56D=MW)[]ZF(


8(_.FX+#(_
M$T[/&



RLJX'
M&5_/FN!\6:.GA_Q7JFEPL6CMIRD9)!.WJ

MH.&=VZ?A7J]YX%\
:EHHA-C#9S[

M7K#(IRK'VKTJZ\8VEG:P_;;^QDB*Y9K24R/+CG 7^'/J: /(M1L6T[4[FRD(
M9X)#&2.^.]5CD#()!!R
5-?79O\ 49[LH(_.D+[!_#D]*@)'3G\J -U?&?B1




33R2*<@#[BQA5+$D50C7M;JTAT;[,\@$C$R..
@





C7)I
M]!%EB%Y+\D==M4Y
9)

Y8\=35:4J#D
W




#

OS9Z=ZFN[MO(5P.2

/








M%A^E5[[4+#3OLK7=W';JP.WS&QGK5*]\4:%+93QKJENS






M/3F@:.4V(76




Z:1@_N1FA@;#QDCE@/^!53=&Z9&




 \5YC87VJ^&]0$+74E






M)5B@?*!P* ,;:^,+D\5QOCC2Y]4UG2[:UV?:)H2%\PX'&3_ $KT_P I=N=G
MX8KA_'=\=!UO1]2CB$AB63]V6P&SQC]:!H\?U.[L+N6SO(?+GB.'4C^M99_

16D2_:Y+

#_#D]J(O$-Q DX@;=%;8RP/9B/Y5A'3X

U:VUKQ!:W4 V_Z(JR(
M3RC G@UQ?:G32-/
TKL2S'G)IE
0G]VI/2HSCTIW.WF@#:\&-M\;Z*?^GR/'
2QQS12










#-L&R\I S




D3^5


=CPHSC/6O,]0F:96;=N:0Y)[UV^MR7]QEMN
MWKGO7G^XK
8)QL93QQZ4%(][^&P







C!<'\ZC2X
ERJ_*
/\ *RCG/K4P
MC=8_E(/L:JJC12^:!RIW8S2 TGNR)3*RKO/\3#)J)]6G4X


^2.G3/-5[NYEDP&/.. .@I_G0QJ0K;CC(.*HLQ=BQ/7M

M8K'BE9&P#\IZ@C-









MC$&+/OF@KJ=V-I7=WYKROQ6X;Q=8






J]5C
^0#FN?U


M54\8L#J6M+_TR4_B%0BK%HWF6

8SS1)CRV4''T-
# D\]#



NE3'
MWFP3UQ6@^CV]VJFY6-F3[N(QUK*-P%E6




E;-QX9U6VL!?RVDGV4]9E(95^N/N_C6<+;/(+?E0%BBK



K%6SP0<$52?
M[U6_FF38Q_&F3N-LY&N;Z&*XFG
;

C%U7H&




M
NO(KW.A2V]L00;F.4

M2*;IL!X/O4SL2_3\JCU72WBU1D2T-O&#D_*57\
T
Q.
+G [
*! ^!QGMVJH




Q9C(Q0_E5J*TNH0!):6[G'.+@C)[$\?I0
XS4-/
MGTR]:UN H91G*G(/TJ!971=JN57.2 :[!]
OG+9M()6'WBLW3]*BCTBX
85[

DK6






Y]G- &XIPY_6G


N8-4U2S!QMN!*@SV85OW?$JX^]U

MQW
*


M

MR+=G=)F15V

]*XFZU72)X6C26\&2



'.*8?
M%#X^32M.7TW1L_\ -J8/%.HKS#'8PGL4M$X_

M 7/J'POXLT6*VELA-Y$




M80#^O%9^*



MS9]OIUKF(;NVNOFBE#



U6UUUBTF5WG4!2



MI%&


J9&0W--FB1;R$?(
(+
MZ::4(NZ+)/\ N+61X;URTTFRU!;LML%_)L*C.<@-_6H/C!*_]JWL*QY#F,%L
M=,1@US7FZT;6DV!I!':WR*?3 1_YB@I'83?$+387Q''N;T+J
_EFJ$_Q%G;


68CCGFKL+LVB

_


M
R_VBJ%1NRL?6BXT9H:Q@OU




M8'('-.LT
VH6L8!.Z9% '?YA0!VTFDV=UK

M)1LTJX)! 
8!_





T20Q[[E5VD8 7&XU+-





79 IY5
_[4F?Y4[SH0N!



M5=IY4Y/I0
S]3^:PN 000OK7$L6+[B
\]Z[;4


MZ4T#(R!3HII82QBD:


%#


-0047JP/3
M)YI#/-[K.\&B @]:=<8(]<'K44/$BBF&@Z3I3H\=S]*1]O4GZA#GF@18  7


ZNVO;6^AP



M'I2E'/8#WH FM5$=[;M(
J7&1[5V46H21W-PTKEO
.#M]!7$JZJ%4D^8'!W=







M!'

MYDB;N3CZ8H DECDVD!6.X9(!XIUN/+60LK!BNU!M-138143=M*+QANH-213N

M/0?^$NU-0/O(@/\ W[6N&\3)YNB:?.N 5(_#-=C\2IY[;Q1?RV\7FR Q#;[;
M%S7(7A
O@]@W+1.PVGV8XI#1B:T_G:JLRDK]IMXICM!.?EP?U!J@8@K9)/\
MP)@M6)[9V@M1-)GRX_+4K_=R3_4TP1(.B]*!D&$S]U21TV@M33YG\
;^V3M'


AE8=#TIDLB(8
0P(8'D$4'%!+$Y8





+(H29D

 OWCW;GDFMQ/#E@\H
2SK

'(CD




MY


L/RX'S



MK6L)
7;C)Y44 !E^9QD\&G6TI74X


XJ*_S]














M H =YCF





2


V2!WQ5J[?[0

WM6@JQ2<HZMQ_:QUM;BZ.88F=1U;& /QJO<0S6V&$B_5'!Q^5(&=(




MI





\D$TS^



N-Q%===9AF94):/J 3]VLN5_

M#1OGAQ]W\?\ &JC+M8CT.

M%$Q QN;&

;E1WVC(K66R\@[IG
M\S(W*!TQ2R-N^7/'I0*:18POR CN!BGR0NR JZ_+]U1G'UIV. /QIQ;:
'






-





MX] !UISS1PHWFRHNT?


#N[4%&



M$]



:
!%8.#GJHZKZ5.KJZ8*]#4+$8

B*E#@G/%

CKVS0!7VY!(_&A5&
9-2'(Y
M'W33=N5X//TH ]I^'/\ R)MMS_RTD_\ 0S12_#G_ )$VV_ZZ2?\ H9HIDG



GD52ND5

UM1^^G2-O[J_
M
QK













XH93NQD'!Q3U! ]Z

YQZ4+]X9.

3C

\]^:!H0



MD3;;G/[R3_T
T4R3+\3SV]MJUU)/*L8^7)9L?PBN#U?Q/I7E/';AII 
!E&

M'%M9L\YJ[)&' P2


MG0



MAK@8[#^M87\%=!X8P9+D]L#)I


SY-5([&\; ^1





ID9^]CUJ
KD
M C'XU
 /QJ8\G/?'(]:9M8#I]10,]?\ A[_R)EKQ_P M)?\ T,T5-\//^1.M
MO^NDG_H9HIDGD?Q-_P2A:H0



K8'7!J-JF8=L=ZB;- BC+CS6^M
M-I\W$S#VJ


44)8*@CB0*O


M%

N6)(/R@\4 49(PW /X8JNT Y&#UXS6AM/!--*'/ &

MZAY








*CICGN:M+




81I@)SP*UXXU
ADST&.,\4!<S7C+L&+9Q[5]N<8([9K2:/CI^5-\I
MCP1CC- S): @#C]*B


CN2
8% &

C\J=P


M!X
M@P 'X57FA*_,@]SS0!3,97@#\*C,0W8!R!QFKGEC)._DC@ 4TQY P!CI0!39
M=M-V]!CM5G8<$D#=GK360J
@T 5

I QUQTXJ








M^Z/RHY\[I$VT_*WXBI8T?# *WY5];5]!2;5]!^5 7/ %B?KL;TZ4\1R9)
M-Q[5[[A?0?E2;5_NC\J!'@AB?CL/H*41N

ME2;5_NC\J / #;



I&

M*




#T'Y48'H/RH \+
M
=CXI^
R

1DQD;3(P[5-8W3:=K5I8VL
4'GP&6:+;DJV.F:C3
ML.R


MN




MA4QG)!/I3NK;!RHT[#Q1\1]2$IBU-(UA8B1I(8@%QU_AJ6R\7^*FM?M&H^*U


-K+JFH1*';


MH=C_ 
+2\9_]!@?^ \7_ 




Y_
51M_C#XCCM@L]WYLV[E
\1O:

M:W#0J#RGE1GC\17FQI*'(M#TF3XR^(F0B*4 XQEHTZ_E6=_PM?QKSG6!^%M
M%_\ $UQ&12@]Z?(AZ':_\+7\:Y_Y#'_DM%_\36AH_P 2/&.HZDEM+KFQ&!RP
MMHN/_':\Z)]ZV_JL^M* K
=A  %#BD@5CLK[QK\0(92+36!=1;B R6T7Z_+


9(*D%1K3MP5220 !R2:0$E%-'/3&.
MQZBGD(44ZF?A2].U #Z*;3J @T44&,:\X^,/_ *'_;9?YUZ.V:\Z^+X/

MU=VLK2P3

MLGE



MP
P9 JR



E<^N<U?U+7;W5HX


M:
C-'



U.C\#3WWSW CD8'8N../6GS1#4Y/B@=<5M_\ +7_ /:D
K
MFV0QLRL


AXJB26WE


A)Z)(0*G76=6/']H7/XRF
MM4:?ELF-1CVJY!IT8.2O'KBHU.JR
NVNM8G/%Y='Z2&MJT;5\9-[/]&-6;1W


3C=


1(*ZV.


MACUVR

M0T
B'X

?X
^M/R7X^[2

MGA0*/:3747*CB5^'_@=?E?3YUST+RN/ZTU_A%X5G.Z-KU%]$N
C]17:R0+(A







MFPMG:YY_EBLNX\4VFIZ?;B]



LW7CF_N)8R(T2..0
JY
MYQZ5TVH^.-
NM+C(;

M9



4H 



6XW*



'2G+TH&2CI3US3!3Q
MTI


MB-T4CD4TQI]F3B.







MGF3&
QJBK@J?4FL^?QA93ZAIUP+9H_)5FF Z%B*O6/A?39_#EKUS]])(LL


H/(X[5R^:




TFX49!_.@-#M+?PQ#/;6ER9(T)0MM8_


M\ZXVWU/44N%\^[NF8=0\K?XUJL*Y=2/;KL?2:W4T+8F^91WQS5E;J*91MD4



MQ#)I5K


VXYP/K

QE^Z:I4)]@]K$Z*W*JN

MM#33VE:-Y'-P.!M]#]








ML%DD6*-W *DGWH=&I:]BH5$W8M:Y)'I]E-*TDF?++%2W08KI=*:5]'L6(SN@


H8?A4\6N:';C;_:=F'[CS


M6









MVNA/;7DI?F(\A1WXJOX=M](N4N4=@O.$,AHYA\IR&3G%+71:GHMOI]W;NMP)
M(Y'Y&,8YJ5M-L9/M3[ER!^[ ;VI\PN4RK;7KFUL!:Q
#/#$9(I3XEU' 7S%

(B4&/OWK??1-/
T*QG*$_
P(Q5;Q!IMO&8VM&C\L


XW220DD_P# C13_  )!
:JZHH:Q()Z,*L XJKJH5]/DW#C(.#]:3&M
MS@?%US<6OA/6/*.UE@8AL?2N*A\26%XCM/X:OYN-L++;[=B[0.H(SSN.?<5W
MOBFV:X\+ZK$$RAM9-Q^BUY7::!;7=C9MY$R22()^^Y8$ 9[)W]C73A4N5DU
M])(OKJ

DSON=Y]

?*R71+9SA?IT&3ZU83P]8;E!TR)V*G:ODW

U/9^)6C+-%X9B2.
M1@6C\]

 .

MVVBV4EL\OS/).
;@&//X'K[5R]NM]#J\I1-6E@CN)(E$+JL2_
20
_GTKO5M


X)].M7[C39IH-
MJ0P(I)SF]P:R]034;+2VMC




ML9^5\-U_6N9M?#=P\S7
T=D F2V-)=648Z]*V?A@&DT_4TNE$(&H.NV--FWY


=R^;2(O'#=K#NX/7=U
MXKGQI#31[X]
N5CSG



?CFO.FTDPQ@G38]X8##:NF16
F*P?$.J7NKVRPSR





MH:R9WB YS_O-13_AG
O2I <5K5(*0RPF*=P*A4]JD!YH E4^M5M2_Y!TQ/
M8 \_6IQZ4RXC\^TEB_O(0*EC6YQ/B9V'@S6'C;#BU<C'TKR6R,T\-O%(@,21
M!D4*@P2,<AI17IWB=/^$

MZL+\+)Q'Q(61(@





M

2
C



R=*QM:T&%KM8HK6&WR
G9'M/X_
:$K/09TGP_A
M \+:4 ?W,KM^+TSQS#$;S0W/FM&SRIM4,3RG0;2?SK2\'SVXT[2[&W.[RX


7'T^;
);\Q
FZW\O&-OV:/ _3]:+ =/J5TEO



M7C'0CN?6H=+B$-W+ZW.#N5G:.0X_P#(G'3TJJ+3@B:JM-F?YT]M(SRLNJL

5D'DXNDRF#UXB[5I2:&94
B02Q_-E@[W(
MS@]1AS6-











M[#BNS
6E[%


9/Z58@^%D5PX?6-:O;UNZA]H-'*NXKZE/QTHNM
M!U$Z9+]I7S4=/*^;=AP2!^M9


.XA()'I6=



M1*UN\-O&V!N!AQD]?4UT]T/)MEN2D)+

G3
(

 .?TKS?QGX-MH(

$XZBHV\%0R'YK^=N/XE!H6(IHGV
SQ






0G[WV8Y _NY/2KD6MBVU6';#YEJ-Q=
M5M0KJ#A=PY/6MO=



X5MO%VH0J  KKQ_P$5Z3





QM+Y=ZL]LQ.#GI67L7'


MORUSPL;DG].*VM/^$VA0-ONWGO'[[VP#6LGCOPXW_
14?535I/&OAT]-4C'U

Z-I@ M=.MT]]@)_6ME%KM PO8L)/%V@

U83Q/H;=-


M=O.8?




-















MVJ3

X S7FE[HRW.I7%ULVK)*SE3[UU85--LPKR
M6QPL



M^_Y56@[HY=;B03B9V+





&7'S:#I_X0BF'P)X4;KH5G^D?
MRH]M'L%GW/GH:C=Y_P!



N _+JFG-_P%Q_2B]$:E(HI\2[WN2?^V2U/_P ++N6X
M(;IWA&/YU(WP7\1#[MUIS?\ ;1A_2H'^#WBH' _L]AZBY(_I1^Y#G9
OQ-F'



-;6H)/\

M%Z=?#UZ?H@/]:A;P3XI3[WA[41_VQ-'LZ3'[21ZA#\5+*- !'%QV-R1C]*F?

3C[R
/JE/V





MH]K*@=)8F4]&#BO#-/UJYCU.\)6)PQSMVX /M6I_;
IY%M![_+42I
3E%GL&

M/^!FF.#_GK'_P!]O(3K
YY^S0?]\FF_P!JR9R;6V_&.J]DQZ'KWE0]1)'_
M -]I;A(FD2)MQTW#BO'/[78=+*T_[XI/[9D!_X\K3_ +YH]DPT/8HE@*E&
M9-IZ?


ME_


Y'



MY](Q[%S3#KS \VB?]]FI^KLKVT3UF89Z
#^-4W0]C7F)UUL9^R*/?S#49UQL



MXO\ OX_^--_X5;X
(XT1!])I/\:Z_%.HYI=P.+/PJ\&D_P#((/X7$G^-1M\)




/_
9O_P#OA/\ N_TW5;75XW:TF!9#M=&&I]*FN9)K6%I&A
M:15Y;8,DO-^M


MMCRT?!BRS_R&;G_OTM(WP7M3TUFX_&):]2) [4;JKVLNY)Y6?@Q;C_F
S_\
M?E::?@W;X_Y#


M[I'SC\:&R;




5(VKR

MNFJ)9F]DK::T)AN=
?$FKKJEW?PW+17%P


4/RDGVK43Q]X


I$H\GD(9%# /,%.#6QX3T.6PUVVO;F2 KV[9'
I8F
MIG#U0T]#VXFF\5D'7E[65P?I2CQ#O)M+D?A6QJFDW52M]7M;Q_+!




MN/4X6LWPV0D3V[NQC7D+M[UT64QM%NI]R:N-I*Z


MM4_+5[PWJ


_8(
MT?L&7-4K8ZV=9C+Q+%89W




MJ+EBM;%F&-QDQG/UJ)K^XA8AX@
'&33
RJRQ

B/ (?MS5Q9%$3!QU!.
M15%A#+^]EBSM&-P'-+#2DZER*D4HF@;@#+M(=F.*JS:E';W*AY_+!&1QUIWE
H2QX'M

WT%]5AW.X^TPX_UL?\ WU3A/%_ST3\Z\_.KW5S_ 




;'S?*
%TLF
[.^*A5Y/



MQ2L/:(U.$



MRJ1C#91JJ
D]B?9.YZV6-



M6/E_A^[6L^*

_@*XIN\F=U/X43V[S6I



5
UQ:3(JRJ!CN:

PX_6H



3\@)QD+





M6*$S
&)'<US.J2@:MJ 1




C?+(R 
H(.15HW4P@2
N60C&#S@4VDR'.1IO#:!
/*DA(^Z!G





M.?K7%67

TJH2#D5QZ

;0:QPW

N[)/



?NUK@




M*7-D6SMVN!W[BNF@U&::$/=*!)G&1T(KC_&-P)IK3!Z!OZ5I0A:1G5FW$QDF

!TXKEKK4VIO

M]/TKTVBD\F




^'(I861K?Z'&*XS4M%GTMW(RZMR


MD&





3S3&6



5F+EL[G<W*0:GE$99(V'.#7):EX=N;*0RVRLT9ZBJ\-_/:2B6*5E?N
MI%=3I?B&VOX_(N66.8\#<.&K7/2=X[&JC&2LSB1*2-C+M..010^!C/2NOU3

MOJ6#&H8\%JZR[(&E


@AJD6[$8P+7W(5L?TI
M6L-

 =N!2?VDK(2MGR#R]*-0N&C+)!&NT\9.:
M+,=V6!8VPR0WW1T IXM8=^!%NSV]:KK?7;;BS1K_ ,!I6NI2&!E(],BQ+DQ
M;JWV
]<WXDL[F[$!B1G


+
S]&M
ZC Y./G%=T]NILYHU)^:)AD?2DT_P +I 48+(64Y'%;QTX_


C3



$XK(SMC(QWYKS
1LCMH=3'O+%)XBI[C!KF@7T^?R)L
MJ0?ED/0UWGEJPY'Z51O]
AO8F21-WOBL:=7ET9O)7&Z=JDC0[)B)5QU[UM6L
MT

/E4JO
M6K39






M;+FW7'9OZ5S5X
SS'.@C#<9'-*WA745W$O$#GCGFNIT ;M(C9L_-DXK4


J_

MSNSEE^E%W#;WL62H8



M6'3%=5/$:VD93I75XG)L1GFKV@?\A^TP/X_7VJG/!-;2%91P.]:'AJ/?XBLR
M.07XQ]*Z6U;0YK-/4[S4R4\.R


MXOQJ3_PF-_S_ 
\__1:UCQKO K-^)GBZ+2_B-JMHUN[^7Y.2&QG





.*GGGV':

M:J2


Z8[$26J@3

MK;*(O-C'W@0
UJC21(FW:NUA\P/-=%%NQC4W/#;*RG!WF(MQT%:
&D:G*N%M
MCQP1TKV%=(M8.&:- .V ,4[[/8(V0^\^@R:[/;G+RL\JM_UXS?
JKGWKNM


MCH4;S2'O$VYRK-D^U16_A6)1ECWZ$UK2XR3YI53_=%1^4#R[%_J35JO9&/

?3:M0H(UZ)]
DDF0I$H7)&/4XI2BYQD;:5


MP

<UU/A.,0W
M\O)P8^OXUU=GX0M("(%)[ESFMZSTRWMG1BL0G[H'!I2JW)2Y3*ME*W\;D;
M592N/I5_6;.2:W=4^51R0*FU6T@/E0%MQ;Y6^[3EEN&A42(I*C&=W!KE
M=1*5F:\K:NC!M]$B24L(%+$Y+'G-:L=FJ@;C^%6#YCCDA?H*411CE@6/N:AU

I
MXS72I*K3OU1+7)*W0K^-G1KVR6


MW9&'ZUS^HL6=0.



MU/4-7U:U@@DV7

\5Y[J$^G3Z2&/EMJ$LN]C&F-BXY%9\R K@8Z=


&/[U_K@5

%^&?@]/NZ/CZ
M74W_ 


_X1K2


M_P :**GJ6/.EV1'
'_C[?XTG]DV/_/#_ 
?;_&BBF2']E6/_ #P_\?;_ !I!

MP*F_^+HHI@(/ACX.!R-'Y_Z^IO\ XNK3?#CPFR[3I7![?:)?_BJ**0%7_A5W

4?KP5_T!?_ :F_P#BZ7_A
M5G@O_H#?^34W_P 7110(8?A5X*;KHO\ Y-3?_%TH^%7@K'_(%_\ )J;_ .+H

M4)!I[*J] ;F5L?FQHHJ9;%Q+9\)Z*\(B:S)0=!YK_P-5O\ A?#O_0/_P#(


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R



EHO_B:

Q$?]^8
M_P#XFJ@ZU*!1SR[C]E#L6/\ A(_$W_01_P#(
?\ \32?\)'XHS_R$/\ R#'_


?_Q-._X2'Q-_S_?^08__ (FH@311







M\34.XTGS&CGEW%[.'8D/B3Q(.M]_Y!C_ /B:3_A)O$G_ #_?^04_^)IFTGK2
M%1GK1SR[A[*'8D'B7Q
?^7[_ 










!0M.QBE6



MC9')QU)ZFC6EBTRT$DAW

(^)M6_M


M0.


M



MUEWF@*LH$DH#GN!5IC%LKVTZ1CMECWKI+2(30C/KP:PULX[5%D!W+NQG%=
M!93+Y&%]:F1;+ZV*8 

[L9D?-520



1#'#
Z7''




_C7D/@^PDU/Q386Z]/

N'N]3B;_4GCOGI4GAPSW7B.&5'.V


HX;@@UH^#[8BSEN9!]^0[





M.J]Z]Y\
:;!I_AO3K6$85+=#R.Y&3^IJL36:A9&=.'O$YMU8?
@.!P



*
MB90@VJ/QHN%BLR#H#^E-V<\U;6-L<CBF%27V@47':YZ-\(-)\R[OM4D'R1)Y
M2'W/)KV&$.?










 !<


N[Z9K+*\8%.@8B0@GO4R5U8I:.YZQ\5=9%OI\=K;D![

FHY
M+M[5?A78G
M [8HD[(:/H'P1:+:^$K#^\T08UT!&X5D^'6_XIS34!^46Z[C^%:HD5AA3GZ5



MMGE;E2QP

MYS5' /84W IIC:N33K)/(&



M5%H7_((C_P!YOYT5HMCG




_ZN3\JY@6
I_@;\J#8
MR_\ /)ORHY(NSJO^$KL/[LG_?-'_4V!_AD/X5RWV28#_5/^5+]DEZ^4WY4
MN2(79U'_  D]EV23\J=_PDUIV5_RKF!:RX_U3?E6MI?A]KS!N)?(C;.WCYC1

MR20K(6S@C\*GW1\K1VD8P%7;R!2G[VHJ95(&
?C37VA?F&:@QZE*;Y 6!P
M
U2GNKF!MR$

]JT=&\+ZOK$?F6%F\D8Z.

&ADXIP!XSU[\TIY'XU
M1)$ 0.E0



1WJ\


MN_*N;



MV=
=;L^[-]


3_P# ?_016?6AK?\ R%Y_^ _^@BL^LI_$SHA\
M**%P/]/CJ^.E4IQ_IT=7Q]VH91D7(_?
0.]1J/6IKG_7M48Y%(V6QC8SJ=T!



+<P,?+SB2,]Q[4(
MU22.DM[@ [2.E6+A2T#[22VW( K-&BR*WRL


M+5HU:%C_ *V
8*_6MUAYN/



I:+1&D




M:6^M]




FNEL;B&*P\YSA4&3S145R:;LV1ZM=I%?VL6_YSE\

MS


M?:C!HN!1-I#_ '%_*F_8H3UC7\JN[1GI2'Z47 HFPB[1K^5(;+IY:_E5[VH
MQQ3N!0^PQ?\ /-?RH^PPY/[M?RJ[M)[TNT#K3N!3%E#_ '%_*GSA_N#\JM[
M1Z4*



M_P#Q_P ?TK0'W:@HRKG_ %S'WJ

M(\V3']XUU8XU*[/^S7*2

M*_EPRI/926Q)QF6,C%7O#DUBID5Y(0V[^+&:WKRTT74;6286[*Z\D$5LVF

-O-B$LW:N\








0
R2-ZUX3I.NW.
MDZJ;F42




HGSO-;365S+!.ACEC.'4CH:KRSRW
L=DC8C!W


6D.B^'[.U; D$89_




HZL
M2DGL-P
XI#@=JD


MAJ:)_P!ZOUH T/\ EH:


MNT5@=1O/]T5QEV



M+$6QS.
@?6ND^('RYMH_A6N:^'V6^QA^AG'\ZZOX@C$3D=U7-9R_B ^B/-]
M&G$-MYQ&=H.1740W7-I&=IV3)N4
.QKCM/R=*FYX :N[TFSCU#1M/E+$#R%
MVL/I5U$;4ZG+HS#EO!8S)W.PGY6ST]JR]8U58V79(-P].HK1UWPMJ_FM/4

MUQ(V%CQR35ZP\
7FH
TS7


MV!5EN,)G?'6F^(-0%Q=
R
/+&%4#TKEE-S9GU.:FM[I)6?3KHV[%LF
C
;







GTX-:4$Q;&20P[UE-71I%]#U^RN




H'##L*ZG1+-9H+Z*YC#Q2E=\

M)'MFCE


-T[5*+:(C@8]



K(]BL/B#87]Q#:Q(




X61EY!/-$H.($7B)!;V5ML& O KF_/+E@3WKHO%5Q'_9MK*CAE8\$






D



9V=








M=X_QKZ%/DM)@D;L]





*R)(6;!'2O==6M8

U258;B6(8948C.:]EO



9 XS7!Q'YFQZUE'5%HU+;



^*M#-GPV#M<_[5=((U&25'2N8T 2HK!E*

Z?)
M9K4QE&3E=

?[

C*0WI76^
[ZUO?'DV\ZR3?*!$!SFL;^^$CRSP^V=R?5

1)AF;IGL:MQ6<;KA5$TIYVG('XU@^'@YM
*UB[VBV]HP^2,EF(Z$TVWMWBMEFP09#A:EN[IK*P9BEI!R6'-5OH4SC_%



















MKC)VC208=
_6H0C0':!F






#YS_6F@8[4&RV
6/_C[OZFL/FM4-1Q_\?-^


0VR ]V[UZ-$JZ/HZR*H\UQQ7'^&KS2]8N9)[&X


2_NVG;+

MR 3D]JF-P'E()K?TZ'[+8?:L?O)6VIG^=/9%I6%^V*LUO;GI#'C'N:YOQ7K

M]]

5.


DXW)::9Z;X

E*


505!U!-4=0\7:


M=S9]*EQDMPNC0).]3[4P'+$$8I^?G&?[O%&T$YI%1+5@


M?^0-'_O-_
T5TK8XY;F5K/&K3_\  ?\ T$50&*OZR


W<RN!G)[#D?45TXO% M








MW
RM=ZO@'411%C5S_A3&D



M!W8GBN6U&Y\3?\ 906]LN-*C^5G'ZYKG- ^(&FZFJ0WKBRN?1S\C'V/:NX
M@U0VY *31/\V\')Q]:Y'5-ZHV4E+8VH[M5X )^M7)9[:ZM=COL(Y!]*YD7

MD1QE9
_









F64

M:N:7?W.E:G:ZC;JWF6\@D7 ZX[?CTJB5]3]*Z[P-]GNWNK2YB2:0+OCWCH.A
M%;5&E$SBKL]\T_4[74]-MK^WE39+&' + $ ]C[BI)60'(D3!Z?

A%3K]*\_V;NF=#FTM3W,R+_?7_OJ
MHFE'0,OOS7S8\[+( (TX]J66[5;@N+6,KQ^[+M@?D:U^J^9'MO(^DA/CY2PX
M]ZA=VWGIS[U\QBXF:9@OR@'IN;C\ZTH;BYM8UF"92?XF-#PENH*M?H?1JO)
M_Q_.AO-(Y Z5\]6^N7B


/24*ENHJDN:-SD*OV6L:EIXQ:7T




N0I!QZ5G/

M( &


N8V:#)[X)KLM3A$MLDJ^G6O*]!
MUF.21;:4 

+W.;F.&Q[U7GX4'UITID\X[QM
MYZ&EN(BL$;&F


M*!(O%8=D=KYQ6U&V74UE



MD]ZIZ1$8X 2*M:VRK;)O7*LPR



7)R#


M46YB:(;@GF0MGG'?%






@_PUK37/=LPF[/0[H_$/0M

M6.#368_+CTHS\Q)J!EJQ;_2:U\UD67_'QFM2@REN.)II-!--8T$AD4PFE/2F

M:TB)NQR





MK'


DIX7]YWKL/ 45Y;:W=P7S

M71_#::9]2NY979VV@98\TJR7LVT$&^97.HU-P]Y(H[9&:S].4@G [UKZG&([
MKH/F7)-9EAPQ YYKA^R=B.@B4E0




MP1^=8BW







M?

M
GV9%'RJS_



HN67_'Q^%:F3638D_:!CTK6H
GN&::U



M$\4VE['Z5)74PYN9&^M)'T/TILF?
;ZTL9Z\U)LC)M?]9=9_YZUTJ?ZE?H*Y
MBUSYMT/^FM=
C?NUQZ59$SS_ 




MLF3@'@\USMQ

MMY









0$$@8Y.






^O6HAL7


M_P!]_P#T(T5JMCE:U

M=G3#X429]J4G@Y]*CW&@ME2?:HV*6YBN1O;'K3%;BD=L.V3WI4YYQWI&Z
^Q

M;4%10^#(8_OLTA']XUT^#ZFC+=S5^TE:Q/(C'CT.(#9HQWQ5V.P\L?=_(5
M;^;L:




M[IU+%N.^8R?Z5:M+LI8SI'$%9C]\G&1Z =:&V%TC)%DHZ1_I3A;F




MM+H%?*E;G^$U::0] 





M-:18^II-Q_O'\::DT'*C-_LMQT;'MB@:8XXR:T0QSU-(23U-+F8[%'[#(!M9
MF*CL35@0L!C;VJ0Y]:#G/4U6KQ]IYBD% ?8U2;18=^Y8]C?[)K1YZY-)SZ
MFC4&BN;6?R1&)711Z5!_91/_ U?\ZOY..II3V)IW8K%'^RACF5_P Z0:8J
MC&]S]35[)]Z0YQUHN-:%


\*7








M'9&_.@H%']C3?\_TU']C38Q]NF_*BR#G0&FT[^Q).]]-^5)_8DG_ #_34K!S




3QCHL!?]VB2S%<]
M\8JH+4#HK6)(X H 7'0#M4^Q?6H4( QTYS3MU(0HO3-9]HYB9^/ESQ5IWXQ





M$:M:L$\WY22.
4E]#!;ZD+2?5K)O
7)G20^6OMG%;)NYG*S1S)L'AD.&1D!X




MJ:1N1@\5R3?O
[86Y454LT8X
C#_ (#4ATQ0
B;/X596$+W)-1W%Y% F7?YO
M[HY-3N58K&S /$GZ5#
@B*AG'/3%5)]5N9_DM8MJG^(U%# Z2M+-*9)&'.35
M)

M)FDR
]:7(H 


B_P!Y3[UJ)/%


C \'J.]5];@%[H6 

M




M J?O$XQ4MI%*$P?SJ+4H\1J8QAU.3CC]:RZEO8ZJVC:T.-GER*?NXXR#7G?B
M*S^P^(;V # $F]?8



&EQQUI0'_NM^5.$
A&2C?\

MD&W((]ZX\9K VHI\QZ'39B/*;-!EB!P98_\ OJF2RPF%@)4_!J\PZQ8^56I*

\!U_.D
B=W7\Z5F!)GWHS4)N(5ZRQC
M_@5


MNTRT!9ELMWI-XJK]KA;I(#]*7S5/\5 69-N%-+HO,7UIX]: )-U-) J
R+
MGK3?

MM9:S):31O)$)U0Y4

B)UY_.N#9CG@UL^'
H+N

Z



D(N?\

HP(3]Q?RJ
P( ?D7\JMMD57)



MP

J$87'6G1:AYLA5X1C.5VCM5

J#(7G/(S75:99KK%K=K_9L4\L
65(EVN??!/S

MU#XKB@E\+I


M?F&2:[J[13'N [=:XJK]XZ8&2V[KFHP^Q\%CST(J0N.B\U#( S9(P?K4V+.D
ML7
\.UCEA4PA



QF/!'&#UI;J[5F;@8SQS
M6#5V:=K-U:H)#QT%*S\$@\9ZYJ$N.M4D(I7!(/3O5(R?/S5VZ(Y.:S7.6P

T!DD'-/#'IFF@^HIVW


_\4K#_ -=)/_0C


8WBC-

M 'OTINT=


MG%5$0MJJ
LY*DL%RI!^[S4ZOM7'OQ^5-L49VG(B)!C(X&/3FD92%)/!ZBJ N
MQ$2:


M5\?6E-U



M8-GO5IHOER&_ T](QUR#QTQ4WT*(((POWES_ +5=%I4Y6/8R9SU%9J1KCEOP
MQ5ZU.U@14MI@:4Y8QDH


M*T;-NZFIFD9DP%SVY%2B#'YU*$^4Y'Y47069FLS!L%:A9CG&*T6B&:C,0QC
M'YT[H+,R9D=\Y;OQ4+1G(P/QQ6J\/M4)A!&*I2%RE6
;2




-I
ARQ([]*AL
MM?K'%?3#&-KE2*@\\N



.
&(?B*L3VZLH9B00.U9C8SQ6\4FC)HM_:+?
!4226XT;R1

M=JA(P*?*#'+U(J


.U.5_?BG

MOGU-(1FGG;GC\JCZ=Z3 :V0*9GG)/UJ0GU--."*8'K?P_Y\)0'_II)_PA


!20:]'/P
7.<\$55FDSQC..@KU4_#3

M2&_YB%^/^!)_\33HOA3I
0P+^^.?4I_\33UM87M8W/*=R;B57/-4;Q_WF17L


M-
'PJTQ1A=2U)1Z+(O\ A67LV/VT3SEHW& 01^-((?G!(_6O2#\*M-/_ #%=

MP&


M?(Q]Z/\ ^)J/_AGWPUC_ ).I_\ ?4?_ ,16D:T49M7/F*BOIW_AG[PWVU+4
M_P X_P#XBD_X9[\-?]!/5/\ OJ/_ .(J_K$16/F.BOIO_AGOPU_T$]4_[ZC_
M /B*4?L^^&A_S$M3_./_ .(H^L1Q\QT5].?\
]^&O\ H):G_P!]1_\ Q%'_




M_A5J'PM:PE2L\_'J1_A4NE(/:Q


M56^'FG

&[N_S7_H?\ A6FED,/M=YS_ +2_X4U%A[6)Y-]E].E/;8BC(KU







/Q2\0#_F+-


4.GE1\C/^[6U







MV;
^5GU117RO_P +7\:?]!R3_OS'_P#$TA^*_C7_ *#DG_?F/_XFCV;#E9]4


MXFZPB]!Y/_HF.N(_M.4FNR^+J_\ %T-9X_YX?^B8ZX1EQTKIBE8M;%H:C*?_



M[@F^W01



MUF]MXWBTZ1TP0L@CY;UJ

GSU;;(7LX7W];4(I+?[9GS
M(T&S< 1CM^%:MG%H/B0-#-$VG7P.T30',4A_W3_+BGV7B:\O8YC;6Z2[=A@

TR]


V!^-5Y&):G2/QB

MNF9F/.#7E8RW/=G?A_A'Q6U[J\F]RRIV%=#8:-%8IYDK9(YYJVDD-I#D[5 '





V
VP8)4XKHKB1L\5S?B6:9=.D:(98+P/6


5UJ

UTFEZM!=+Y#Y#

#;Q67LI4T6IJ3&8=0LR#;N'5V
M[UNV.J33V+6)F+*2'0 _=8=*H:A:O91*4B+KU+



'+VV;]U-(%


M50:L@N6X%6 
'-5[;'I5BLI;FD0:D3[PI6HC^^![TBC;M?\ 5U.W2H;8?)5@
IVLK7D=

:=K%NZQYVCIZ57T)2;R/'K71RI1NC'F?-8UKO2F^S-*A
QH7;Y:BC4;T8ZD2C9ZQY*X=N_K6]9ZC'<+COVYKA]0C
M*Y*C'/&*T-$G90-S#KT-:SI)JY

MVK31$O8PQ/;UKFLEN;WOL+#J]JY^;'Y5J0I!=#*

0S;E;H:[8)2T


K

M/E5B
U?2Z6505KBGBQ=@%B/:MJVE

5J
[2I\U+EJ'GS:4K
MQ/HR_LO&NBR:MI4SM(K@7-N1AHR1_7UKF'TJ+[5)YTERVT$* P'/OFO-/#O


MT'Q=:2+X?N_-MG7RRK;F&


M;:[MM
M6O[EP8T.43'



]:23D2VD
M:^..E4[@'FG0SDIEO3I2SL'7\*$K



U&%1ZFM]53
_^7AV
M6H1[=
8X[5PET/WCUZ5K


MI^HJYJV3&P%8L;%&ZUZ

[JS!NK;S X*GH

MO +26





74#
ER#$
MHZ]ZT-*D





;24N#1@T %%%%
!**6DI +W




YJ0//?%-D89O
M

M%*MR.M43K'S9#&NGV;9GSHZ41[A@FJQTL/)N89^E4+#46N)


D;1H7/





GKTKHM=&VW^[GCH!7%6J\T]#HIT^

M=:UY0L@XK+U%A#9RDGHM:0W$?-WB) FO78]7S676GX@E$VNW;CIOK
[U]#3^

M7^%1W-7-:V1
;6O8R]?T.ZUVX@O--M

J!C%=BWPK
M\9'[FF1O_NW

O


MM67J6J11+L8*




MQZ5@:KJ/V





I.0
MIJCJ&IW]LV(HBXII

MYB%9 .0U7%-
&?.OB73WTW7+B%CG)W UC]ZWO%MP]SK\[OV8@5@U]!2=X)L\

)-[3%@FW([9.?TKS#P]
L?S;AZ5ZBFI77BPN)8]*F98D W[


3

IWAH=#.]HZY35K1.^/(D_PJYX?G1;N8174;A4R
M64$=3TYKBZZGPI9S7-O=&*0+ET4C'U_QK2I32B9J6H^]UBZ@UB=1J#QJKX '



MT9 ;J



1SBM8SL]9*Z/([OP^TTC,5.._-48OW[SD]3W-=)=:R
MD*


MQC+B@TL7^LJ1FU:KB.K!QBH;8?NZG/2LGN
]9\!_\BK#_P!=)/\ T(T4WP%_

]**COH=-)-(V[L9BR*\V\36ETSRE QSTP:[X79QACFH)H;

:LN35R&VMH@=H_#%5Y8@\N


&L\D]JX*/0PDX?(&.U=%;7
M36T.P''M7+7DI[&U*+CN=

.N[Z



ME^0YX[52 @)C7.1U[&L#4[=)3(4PIQVK=;:_3K61J]LXM)7C.WY:T@]0/ /%
MENT6JS


MN56B)-F=I/F'5;N%XP!&X50.
9['WK)UF-[:]E2)F\P9R ._M6KX=U@:IK]Z
M_DJF\+G'4\\D^_-5_$*F/59)68_/(Q92.@'3\ZA7Y[
&VLK2UN5VF;R5(#C<<

U9G-.#6Q

@]




26VQ5L]*BBB %3&
ML7JS1:$9ZTZ/[X/O3#UI\?WZ0S=MO]54]0VP_=U

M_PA&BD\?\ (JP?]=)/_0C15'&]SSGQYC_A-=1S_P!

B_OC_A($!Y9

*/9R#GB;VRD*G.*PO^$B'7
M J



M#VD3K

X8528&6\C ;L8(
M[5A^)-8
6E.$(#$8-=-
B





M+
-REM;/-_RT+;5JBUR\BA6)*^GJ?6H7QR2QXX J2W\O;(9&(*KE

M !.;=NPOH?YU5\2W7E)?3#^*^E_]KSY)NJT=?NHSV_U=



#C/$
M6AHX

MI%#BHF7U%9)\0Q=R/SJ
^((CT(_.NM4Y&/.C6\LYR!2[/:L4Z_&3]ZE&NI_?




\5=
7H:+8HM(Z^MRR'CFI9(CZ4^($\BK330Q
MH


O&#7KS:*K)@J/RK/F\/@Y(6J6*#V1Y
M:=-*G!W5Z)\+M+\NZDG /7O45UH)52=I_*NT\Z?]FMQ&
G(J:]:]
*=.TC
*
MTYW\5FS/SDBJ0&?.YCYR?I7+:[(+B[MRB[[AOEB&/N^K?TKJ;E2Z'%<G8ZA

O]YV [UF^(KR1;9XH7

;G51SGGK[4X

M:NL\0(6=
N
J@R#7/V4=EIFIH]MK-A.4ZQJ7;=QCT]ZZ&]0:G;R.$N$G1!D+

M*C6;0JQY5;P 8P1W^M=7M)OH86BCC@8PW+\^HJ[8RX?)!VAN



6



')'-;UK'A5Q2J3








Z@3U-Q0V.!Q
M4BJ,<U7CE=QR,587IDG\S6+*)5TCD@?*:0+WS05/6I IREL\C-59
$8Z5I.





MCPR<:Y$V


M*@X%(##U;21/;

.*V[4


?:KI'%59QB
T)ZB

M'%=%IDRRVB@-VKG?$8JV37'#XC7='G]]*R!@#WK$ 9Y3D


MA\C?E7H%YKDE_8-*7?S(B 03GBH=

MC*



J :Y1(W=L^:Z\=J4:O
KH?+RE*




M.RAO7U#-LL-PIRHZ%3C^N*Y 6P


M4/YDUU^E*9=#@. 

M03?:[.X
;^4;.-?
/I<V6FH6RS-(YS^5<#WKI_&UT)=8CME.5M

,=#
MUR/I1?:K)?!0UI90[0!FW6/./I4<OO7'<U-(U*6:!S.VYE95!]JW%S.G7K7



ML:E&^J-8U+:



N :
MT6LC

+/YU-?MMFH^UH


MR:9A6C=71[/\#?\ DEEA_P!=I_\ T8U%)\$5=/AC9)C:RSSA@PY!\QJ*3W
#
MS_XE@_\ P=4_PV7_HI*Y/&*Z[XE#_BO]4/_7+_ -%)7)' IG3'88U2P+\P

_LRV-Q<.!(_*Q]S5+1?$TU]JL\2I$QP





MX-4[G:=P/3'0TT!EF[CGA(8#I7%ZI$L=WY\0RK'S&4''(^]_GWKHKM?*+E#Q
MUQ7G
_BJ*V\1_8KD_NI#@




MK:4/

MMIKDC8YY2NSIO#LH%HENT

MII\JR=OD%0FMC7;(65Y:Q#;\]I#(=IS]Y0?SYI75[ 9A8MQ/4ODU#3L_+M
M]Z;3$;'AQMNJ@_[#5V2\KDBN*T$A-35F.!L89KLTNH/*Y;M7)63YC:%K%2=C

M.#QT-/\ #=RJW)AD^[FNZU;P5#=6#ZEX
?WD?\ C7E\S/8WFX @
)5VZ:VXXX-;4I:D
M26AY3H!QFKT?U1B(+'![U?CZ5Z3.9%^TZ5=+8Z50MFP:LRR0V\#3W4HBB7
MIS@L?05@TV]#1.Q+DDXQ4D0'F#ZUR/\ :]Q=3L(<+'GJ#DUJ6AN)6!=!^(ZU
M4J5EJ+VEW8[6 XBQFD<C//\ .LRRL6F(#6WRD]U-=?IWA;3G1?M5E$SGD#;7
M/)J.YIJT=UX%P/EN5 YDD)Q_OFBM'P[IUM8Z1':V]NL$2


UQ.D7@
M\P#/4UV4
N^



/


D%T;/!5R*?


$KGB0?W#6OX[M8+^TBUF

#A@1V]*[SPYXU1('TS6@9+2==CR8!)'09SW'K6M2@XRY

M9%.UT'7[U;QDFKF+6HS9AMC9##U%*0
X(JU(JLZDC/&.M2065O(Q9I&7 S@#

$FV-XI%(SE
\'WS2




K

M\C' %48903G%65;-8
8V==\9!'X5Y_XRLY9+*01@YQVKT)NE9&HV@N(W4KP1

MV9:MSSUK%\4VIDF@8/\ O@
['I7)03SWMTT\I




F

BG5DYIQE4=
MZXK'2F




MD2;I';( '4]JY[4EOM-\0S:=J!9$/0'./RKTGPK9RS+J5S$45HHJL_W1Q7
ME)F:YU.ZN'W

1X(4-QT]:

M:K




LK#.*JPNBG-:$%ZGW?:L


MJ
%=0L)#
MG ^4#TKE7T AV6&!79AK4[Q9YU:\K
PJ6GRH8I60G.#5JUACE@.X9;-=;E8


Y[5M_P#8:+X:L1:6*FYG7AO*;*$^I/^

M;W$HHHJB1:2BB@!\?

2BBBF(LV1Q
WO



ZA]_'K2H[CJO0Z*SNA

;QYZ']*ZKPP?MUE=V#L?+1


L-JMN)?*5LMCUK!U7Q=8V+[),D9!KC?!M
MZT^I,;J8M)(!LW'CWI/&T2B_WHX=9#\H]*N-!*?*Q7;C<OZCKNE:S;M&'&['
M!!KB9H?(F91RN?E(JJ]JK?/&ISG(-60PVA=S ^M=4:?+L8N3D<]XFNRQM[
M%#PH\Q_=CT_3^=&DVXR@(ZLVZD-UKDS]O


ML.'/./RKM/&F?^$PO\?]


MW



MCJ:E]

E#G\*+F%TS(CMMSS@U7^U.RF&7#QL



M.ZNB\3KD]*YOOS75AHJ$;'+7FY2UBBBNJYB%%%% 44N*2@04444 31Q
X9





K&PTX:


&M7






MS;E3VQS6

59M9(BP! KFYF;
M61Z=X C:+P;:HW422_\ H9HK6\%;/^$:A\O[N]__ $(T5?








M&3G/);K^=3[*\DRXS44[&ZD



_B.IP3WIJY


?*'DFK-G?Y4!SS5^RTN2I(T-3N!!IMS.3_JXF;\A7BD!
EWO?DDY

)7FD=/IGS7&3Z58N9 A;GO5



_PQ_P@+62$3TI/&NOVMCXPO[:0




^R+_=

M@@-1=CLF9]TA2Q\N

1W9'IS5)V0-&6T


F&
M&4'O4LBRH




8\


MBWLA$$I']W%:PW




MB7)^Z:3:HIM@S$=/6JD&K_OL[^



/3




M=BP)$J\]:H&_M9V;8PW


MV=[939AD\XYJ1T4\DU2A/EW#*?K5J1^,]JY6NQZ$=M3UJT@EB8NOYN2MM
M9.EW/E&0R0[N_5:[/474QL/4=*X#6K0&1I8Q@CJ*ZZYE:1SUVXZH[J&]BN[



M'M4RTT16[




J]3T/--T



M0/:M=[-A:2WLMVUQ(9%0$C 7CH*J_P!CJTAU1BV]4*JO84*2OJ.S2*B^5)/(


E8XU4$AECSW^;I2'47Z9C_.MN1B

M [LC:R50N]

MRJ1N4




5PMRBNC94CK7)4IN+N==*JI+S$;.[(SD
6^._O]EZBUW8I

LK$ \$CH364%;=M

?+]:Y=Y'DN8XS&WEQ_
T
MA;:





D'[R$]4
M]QZ&O




= O85I&ISZ6L2X6U
2

5#-S)@U-IX
M_P!(4#UH=DA[LZ?8T48)'&
TL$X[&M#4(@EK&0/X:PD)!/UKG7O&K5C7$I R
/\ Q9/_ !<S6!_UQ_\ 1*5Q!;%=K\6SCXFZO_VQ_P#1

MMBEX'&.?6D%R02

M-K

CJ:IW_AAHHQ

MW_AXI_V?G&:=T@U-;1]5E646[G(/W371W=SOMU=&Y?@_6N.@C$4BL/O#O4_]

MY%;((6

2:J+:'*S





F=TG7K@ 5 9';JQ/U-'*Q&\]Y:V_RVTV(0.$/)JK=ZL]ZL4#Y
1(42YE
MGMNXJPNK2\+<P6]RO_31!G\Q0XL1T]AKFD$ 2RE#W+K5V6XT^Y&(IX7],/S7
M&AM(N!AEFLW_ +RGS$_+K4=YILEGB19([BW;[LT)ROT/H?8UC[-7+YW8Z*Y



$#X^4G -/@($HS4V207-:!.@QU.*U6CV0J/6L







=BJL&3R:L+$ /E'XU


M688P_;\


[3UFAO8Y4(!4YY[BMXZ]!YIBE1XP3U(R!5-(@


M=1^-0374D[=


MNZX7S[*$

%_+)&!]U6Q&GMD\M_*J.@7
A

*4\_&#(N/ER/:M!D;J.G

ME



*X0S@<$UV?BV<
M7-G&V%)7OFO/WD^;GBL

9JB9
=ZKSW#+R#70HW
7(^C







Y:M+$$B$*A8CZ&J[$


C#
![VG_V52#2/#*NK

]0:L/:V\
A*R KC&
UF].HSHAH'@N*%&G\2W

;




MJ5;NR*A3MJSEX]$5T))-H^=44;1_C5F2%ERRY%7[BY

M89) '7\ZCF;W+44BH(BPW'@Y[4I7:






$UM#8I%CCO4
@]*

U(M*U(3WJR66;<9D6M96BLNS!:;
M_.M!@ 




MAT]KF)$5/'ITJ3()XJ&(&I\8YJ@CL5I 3V_6J

M:!@)Y XIESB*$9 .1P*+W!JVI-<Z)8/<3-!E(]WJQXJ/\ L%(N8IY!
MG_:-1V]T5)#$X/.:T([I6506[TGS1)T95_LJ;!/VN3@]
U7ETQU.3=3?]]FM

A'!&
M[O6M[$:D6PKC]Z^?H*:(QR7;K_='^%6%A7N_P9J4*D0R67GOFCF%9D L5.
M/G_\A@_TJ9=.9@


@)!_A.:N07J;EQO



;Y85C4J8T(8

V8.)2=A
M()]*C$@*X(P15AH)A)PH(]ZB

\GD*Q;G%9




^Q7

6DV9)EU%.)(HYE_V3@U!+


=Q=;-ZP


ZJ/I+'_\ $444
JQ1K)<:@@1<#;(G]4HHH&B
?!GPZ

M5/\ O['_ /$51/P6\-W0R]]JXV] )H__ (W115)L:)!\!?X.1J&L_3SHO\
MXW3E^7AE.E[J_\ W^C_ /C=%%3S2[F98_X4IX;\MD^V:IACS^]C_P#B*I_\
M*3\-
O-]J_\ W^C_ /C=%%.+8R0? CPN/^7[5S_VUB_^-TG_  H?POG/V_6/
M^_T7_P ;HHHYY=Q!_P *'\+YS]OU@_\ ;:+_ .-TX_ CPP1@W^K_ /?V+_XW
M112YY=P&K\$?#*C OM7_ ._T?_QNI5^/AR,_+J&K_\ ?V+_ .-T44VV _\
MX4MX=^]]OU;/_76+_P-U'_PICPYS_IVK\_]-H__ (W112 TT^%FC1VR6@OM



13&^#/AUNM[JG_ ']C_P#B***9
M


M\T?_ 



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R









M3GMI0TG5E]5]JU/#_AV?5-;CU&[A



M:* /&OC+X:5K.'Q!;QJ)[8^7/@??3MGZ5Y3N

]$E9V!#V8*I)(  R23TKP#XI_$I=1,VC:3<$6,;;)9HFP;A^ZK
M_LCU]:M?%#XGK(ATG2)F^SL/WLB'!F'3;ZA??O7B\-O=:I?+'&AEF?[J 8C









\WTK7H]!U75;JY1_LDMHDGR+RTRG:J#_
M &F#8'T]JYC7;G4+[4#$?WVNZL%\W9R+.#^&)3V/J?J:DU;4HFDCU-(B]I'
MXTNW?[UQ)G_7


(55\ X&3D\9]:UE)48Z[LSI
MTI5YV6R
C2-/%^WG[


MBHM-:GM$:;6-*]

MX+'_ *9O\I_7;7J8K)U[2X]:T._TR4 K=0/%SV)'!_ X-:1TLR9+F31P_P )
MM8_M7P+;PNV9K%VMW^G5?T./PKM%CG35[6:)T$#H\4Z
.21RA'T^8?C[5XA\



M %%%% #2
@@]Z\7^

Q/MC(_$5Y#\





$1:\TR874!QGI]Y3Z9'ZXKH-



MJ


M3U^I_P ]:P-914O/.5$BR%=.?F..





M\@0/PK7K+A(AU&





MIE'E=BD[JXM%%%2
I_@8_P OP%< C86.[3(FA.?=D/WA^'7\Z^D_$6C0^(- O=+GP$N8
MBH8C[K=5/X$ U\U6\=QIE]+972[;FUE,<B$YPP.#^==5=X\KZ&
U9W/H7P?


MBCQCI_A73VFO&WW)!\JW5L
^.Y]%]S6$X-3LC1/2[-;6M:L=!L'O;^4)&HX4
%+TS:4+.52MQ9GRGW=<=C_,?A70@9X[#]*Y2ZVZ/K\.
MH;2(;G*3?7IG^1_NL09V^A]NM*7<:[ N
_44\+GGFG[-O.*4X7MTJ!D?/ID

@*NIYR.5

A'S@#JG_U
MJ9\//$4OAW6IEE1WT^[79(1PJ2 91OQZ'Z^U.JE*%^Q
7RNS/=KFZM8PZRNI

M?-_Q&^*MYXJ=]-TLRVFB@X8'Y9+GW;T7_9_.KA!R9+=CI?B7\8O

M#\EQJ



:]E^O3^7K2DCEE'9A1G_5

MJU7&



X_*O3O 'PY.I+%JVL1$6/#PP.
&;T9A_=]





O'45W
Q
MBSOO!7@I+N*/4+W8UNW


MCKFG
.


HQ[
.A_SZTGA?4#=V9M)QMN;3Y&4]2O8

 *X/&?7T/X5G5KTZ2M/J9SFHN[.H

5WY;

F


M&DZBDJ7



M(TX\S(;B:RM9)I+IV:U1AYW/RW$X^[ I_NKC+=B1_LUIV]TGA71+CQIX@59+

DMV]*S_#^EO=(MW.
9X12/NBNV@BCCC

M!&



#NQ/





M]CP?Z5Z+XF!.G)J$0Q-8S)=)@=E/S?FNX?C42]RI8J/O13.LHJ*.198UD0AD
M8!E([@U+6@@HHHH ***Q)S)JLK6ML[):*=LTZGE_5%/\S^% !+-+JT[6MJS)


=OD,*!(T&%4#@IJ0!1113 2O


M_F?R]:\%U#4'OI?+3(ASQC^*M84[ZLB4[:(DU35&OG
%QP.W







O/.1T/XC!



MW%VH:


M020E)(S5)7[IR.!^GZ5QRBY3O-')RWO*1CV0N-4@^SQ.L!AAS),Q8 @=3Q4
M5[;PC2Y=3U ^9,ZF*V89XY)D //L
U3N!?:796%ZJL\9(B8;LDG'((_.M73


 8/YT_K%-:1-U0




MIWC;7_\ A']'B\$: P-[(O\ Q
9XSR

MQ%%XAOX] T5A%H6G8#2 X$K#JY]1UQZ]:P-


'A_;3YI;(OVT*PP+L7']T8Z5

M^'+6R87%V/-G&#(Y.3D]A[UQTX)KVDSUJ]647[&FNF_8L^&_#MKH^GQZA=[Y

M4I^2$D$F$'+

GM63;N



M$?D2

M3Z7*29=-G:W!)R3']Z
_]\D#\*Z:L73(88-;OBL2K).B


M5#_





M\9.&%36^J103M/

MIK6::[;S%


ML+&


L9QY3*1N)/

M4K
#G^(CUZ]

M]T\A


MD


BCO1VSS0 =O:





[=-D


W-V#M\Z-=VWMA1W/OTK-MO VLZB[




#[&II.Z




:_[7OVK&F]T:
M
OW$\FI3/:6LA2!#MN+A?U13Z^I[5J6]O%:VZ00(J1H
*H' HMK:*TMT@@0)


A[BO&_BQX3:2TAURW0![
XFQWC)Z_@?YUK1GRRL]C
M.I&ZNCRCPM:K!K3*R@S1*WE$]CC((]\9&:[G2KN-96CD!DG=LJ[\X4UR*EK6

M+JVV.

M=
XPXZ_3/7\:QQ

Q !S_ $KC==OXS)(D(&Y0
I2AR+S..3YG<?+N+('&J@






U= 00NQ\+(Z'<X_Y9)Z?Y^E

M_&D600[/+7
6 ((R/OGCYC^/^'05&Q6(R*'W1!B\KYY?_9'^?4]JQ9V1=MQB




M$%MJ\EC535889++;?7PLK(G










!IWB7

MFGPZC8W%E.H
5Q&T;9],9K2ID@XS28'RS+821_;-,N,K/YC/LP/!_E^===

M PC'&



D
MP
/FFVD.[@ GY2?T_6O9*TJ1LQ1=T%%%%04%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% #''0
M^E?.WCW03X;\83--ME?$W$'H3\R_@?YBOHD]
5QGQ&\-'Q%X8E2$?Z=9DW






M )O)9CP!ZDUUF39%$C.P2#ECP6'4^PJRX@TU=FU9+K^Y_GN??VI9-16W!A

M+GTH 48%(:*#0(


Y]O
M\FA

M]XGO5@HI.



MS'D8;R#G;@X/XX/X5T'C^V$.JVE_!$6GN$\@-UPR]P/7!P/I7#7T9LS:R)^\

)/*N#U##@Y

ZMRI_(UOAI;Q9E474]=TV;^V_#L5
MPO




MTMX7EE8(BC+







M2=*7O0 =Z.GUI!ZG]*
W/^<TR5Y(YF#%-[C#-VC7I@?Y]J667
M 0;,G.(%)Z8ZG_/]*KL5,8).Z%?F9A_&3V'^??O7B'T%B0C<X^4MP'E1YY8

I


C2.T1!







LP(Z[&^5_Y@_A63\
M

1]/E;\*[.N4N$%]HSIG$D0P&] ?\#@UH^'=2;5]!M;N7;YY4I.%[2*2K

@=

M

ASF

? N$


4E=6/%=(U Z1XBM;^
D*Y!8=
MB1U'XBO=KIUDM(;V)@=H!!]1U'Z5\[P%I;







M[=J3OS2\8H//:@!._K11GVZT?SH 3WQ0.31C(]J


C&4N&!Q\BX%1












W


MSS+ZY/OW[FL%#E=NIJW?7H7-8\1:9X'T?_A'/!L:H


M&RT
92U-@2)_922/(B^2_E$DXX/*_P#LP_ 5'&Z.
J58=B#FHQ;K=Q7%IE1]








MN]0AU*2Z!_M6S4[]O/&6/!?O_P#KJ]K=AI7]J/XA\0:XVI6$X\RPMH3^]G3L




M7_U(#+''GYG;U_ED_A3O9B:4HLXJY0F(-L*^6X8G'KQ_A2)NB\06[Q%5^T*
M&89 )X_F*LAGE#6[+@LI3!'0]OU K/NF/V&WN%SOAD_^N/U!_.NZD^AY-9=3
MM))UMH?






#'*G.!Z $8KL



)M<T<G]W/LU ?[WR28_%5/_ J[RM(NZN2Q:1C@4M(


3^(JSH]G=7D$TL05HUP#EL$MZ =^*??P
MZT.; _?V;X3(Y*\!_TVG_@)JE*+DXI[$731+$ZO$''.1UKE=1M1:W;H%^1

%G;27%S-


Q/4DU%C ]:.AI
4 +1@T


MV('TSW/TIOAC4H='\3Z=J%R


MK:SGO[:ZE
#!;:--=6.H!85E-O<P7[*Q_@!
M-(9+JVI7\/AGPOXADD:/6DDDB28CYIH5^Z6]1V]\URFN7]MJNKS7UI8K9)+A
MGA5MPWX^8CT!/:DUC6]0UZ\%WJ,_FNHVH -JQKZ*!T%7;OPM?Z?HHU*^DM[8
M,%:.UDE_?NI(&0GXT]A.YA4=Z#]**8@[4@4M 8YI?7VH[4G;ZT '?-+WZY
MH&?:D]A^= GM_(4G)I0

MYE$
,9]:+CL-\OZ9]*KR#@C%6,Y;(X-1
MD#GU],4!8K%3R.<#DHF0
?F0
1W-6F4!L_A563.[IB@EG92. I) .
DKZU4

M[^






MT











M4NH7
C Q)Y61(XP2I.T+@^@XQ68&EN97)0!%X!CZ+Z8KGI0:J;W?5GGI24_

E0W6AI
MJ;:?=K


M5W8BNE&T7J=4U*



MH9QO)'T!\(?$:_;Y--=_W5ZGFQ ]I%'(_$?^@U[/7QYX3UN;3KZ*6)L36\BS



M]INH[9(+B)#( 
 ;!T((Q@TGN!T TYO$4%MH&O
M27&GZAI[GMH%RMW !]Z-1P7XZC_ /5Y_K-UI]UJ#2:98&RM%4(D;.69L?Q-




MU/K6L^'[O6KBYUO1+R75HL0S013X@+(
9!ZX.


M)M

O.?K3%E,D0;HV.GH:5SD BI'<:V.O3'XUZ*3U_6I#T' SZ4F#@$#.:8CD





MIZ#I6%AWLITR2D;+

M2_'G6


_T]ZNQWEQ
M!!=6T4[BX8-)'GY6P






M)N@C^F16T(\NKW

8K0E


SVY\%_&.:W *P
M)=':!_SRD&1^&#^E?42KQ7@_QWTHVFLZ3X@A3'F P2D=V7E?T)_*NRAH[=SG



M]QN+




YQ6D::3]XY7-MW9CZNC1W!B) Q]]CR2W3DGZ5EE



M%




MHZ59WVK:6NH6-W$-\L8_P6L;#D

MX#/6


M+

UAZP]UH_BM;

*I)SP/2G;J/R-35




M(V!25B

M

MDCNCRJ6N#RBX^Z#TX_D*&-#BDZ-YK[FOFQM7'W.V?KZ#M7/7\?V6\E02AG5M
MV1TSUZ]^:Z%!(6$


!








C/\ 7\:I)R]V*
8TU#WD=QJOBBTTN=Y99?M]ZN52.
'8H/?Z

M=MIFEVEXUU$B3ATF=4#







YT

M=
\#FCO[49P/:CKR*H SDT'CJ?H*

M'+L)0,4N.II._%58FXIXX_K2XXW'GL
=*0'IG..M##YCZYH%Y!M4_=//OW
MJ6UC

C\:+:UENY?*B7+=R3P/K6DNGO8ZI8J9 Y9LDXP!BE8=S

$
MKR-B*0_



MT[;47  '5CZ =R:X];J2\U&ZNKK'G1
(XT!R(5(SM'OZGO4

74J
#';(V3M.2[]1^/\A^

\I_\=^O3LC.R/(E#4U;.VDGD






MB/X





MA(UBB[J.K?5N_P#+
MVI\TT\D4
3

PALXRY)P3CC_ /77:MI^C^#;*XU
M+_2-3=,I9J?G8Y.Q_A7'_UJT;425%LQ+70Y[31[F_U!TAMF785;C)/(V^K

MF&



M\\7GBV)S!U.&\OLV#U7KCUS72VUYJUZFDS^$_LT'A\C9=6A
MA(&'^L$Y/W@1R&[UEV&J:-'-KUI;0PW5MIEP^HZ2)92B9'# 'C(Z$#OBH;92






M+/



M*5.' /KFM!Y@ 0H!]_6H9+C:-[MM7L/6J)%T]?LT/S AW.3].U
O[U&C:('+




M(R
XR1U'=O0=JDF
EK:7

YU%!&9;

8







M^!/_ $'Y5+;8XI16BL1M'O;8HSQDL?3U]A2+E/DMLO))\A=1R?9?042R_:'%
MO;Y
:C!)XWXYRWH/;^M2


H(




DGT%(0WMF



EK=*/EF3./P8'@CL:7



MR+EI9IUB+?:8R
!=PY!'IWJ37?$OB'1M:\Y]2&H:3=+OMT9!]FN(#_#LZ CH

@


M'M66O!]/K36?/ /%.Z1-FV7)+M0?D^8C^(]*IN[.=S')]33





4WASPL1' !LN+B
\Y_

M2D_

M2G(]VE3A1A=ED%5*L[ ;FVKDX&:Q]3U626X:PTH;Y\;7F!^5/I[U7O+C_A(;

-N_\ D5M+
MTF+3X
@!I3R\C=23V%7T#$G?D1@X=AV_^O5N& ./

M]T!'$ORHJ#&_'\*_U/\ 6ARN[L7(HI)$
2(T^%D\N)3O8LVXKG^9./\ (ITR



M7U^B^WYTW)NU


;?&W1CJ7@-KR-09=/F6?/?8

Q7

M/I$DOD74+2)&S#*[U.&5AW5@.W/0BNZL[N'5[O6?M3*M\)6MQ;$Y\N%1CY3_
M ! MN)Q[9Z4IQY9\R*B^:-C*\(^*+6?0X8YS.#!A990AVKCIN(Y Z=0!7K'A





MD_A2=J

]NT.I
ZL/0UZGILUC<


WB17'\5O*K






:AOD;!PZ\[6Q@@]#4UQJ6B:
:;S!=0G[R20MQGLR@\'\*KVOB1;+PI#K-O;QRZO$!I<S
M2R97R\$HQC_C./EYZ8KE]3UTWUN;6VM8K*R9Q
UJAW*LN
%DSR@/]T''%2E?

M]* :L(
#.:/I2]Z.HQUH$)SQ1UQBBCMWH 3^+ZT=&QZT$_

B@Y/-(8=.V11
MR#1C(I0

+7%))]::S#MS[4UF)XSQ28I%J(O)



\8


\FMO3M
W

M:L8I2J2T(]-TQI#TX[GUKK;:-88\$$[1VI]C9+$N2OL!5B]1+*-Y9IUA78=Y


M6

8XX/W5']?SJ
M9 T@5R1';Q'TX'L/4FI)1F/S[IB%8#RT48+8[ =E]_YU6BC&76-2L98C SR3


K#YI@.1[
M+Z?6K=K=?V5=PW4+^9+&ZMG& HZCZG^5560* 


DS=$!_4^
]
;4M.\00.VBJ%U!
2LDTBQ





M)J




M:,*Q0YN


V4F),
M[51!_GDUSV@VESX@UQ=4UF9;?35=G8R-A!QV/X<FJ'CSX@/XA)TG2T&BQ8!
MP


M87N1WI(XVE(CUN:;8!CEONCU[UJVH+0A1E4D.T_3#A69?EKJ+.U P%4EFP


M)LEH




M4.W93YCDCJ
4U988)&=4$D^



F.3[ =J]

MD4+28H_6@T%_E2CCG%-ZG_G?YZ4Q

M(6SU.*B


QXX_

5'\BJ-S=SV_P ^]2@DJT4(^;_E





X
M((%5HE9I=F[:2-P/ ./6G1$JSY8D'IGM63JNN6FFNRRL6D(X1.3_P#6IQBY
M/E6HISC/-)V-5'5@A)!.
8!JM=W\%N
RS11Y_OM7$7_ (IOKG*PM]FC)SA/




Q[G/9??\J]S\



MOS&T_G5T96ER]R*BTNCRM5P


PQDTX=/



O[XJ



M/Y4
I]32C#PLF/)A0@COSW^K5A6MSJ+ZK

M!6MD 2(

O.M*\F(D?=N!WJW;VLDN/*





MUKQ6XG'ED1HAW(QX5,C(^I_4UY334CW+QJ4_4^D%:G=JQ]!U%=5TF\0Y#J
M

M@5WII'&5JKM:KH3OH?#




FM0!=@D@JWKD58 9L;< =V8X JJD9FM/
M/49,1PX]1V_S[4YIMX^4 #M2V,Y1+GVB& ?(2[XY;'\JK27)?D@GZFH:3-+
MF%8DSYJ


M7C^(8_\ ':^A


C] OV5






YL)JY\5?\(5XKZ?\
M
:U]?L$O_Q-)_PA7BL_\RQK7_@!+_\ $U]K45K[5A8^*/\ AO%?;PQK7_@
M!+_\33O^$*\5_P#0L:S_ . $O_Q-?:M%'M6%CXJ_X0GQ7_T+&M?^ $O_ ,32
M_P#$^*QT\
ZS_X 2_\ Q-?:E%'M6+E/BO\ X0OQ7G'_  C&M?\ @!+_ /$T

M*@

M0OQ5C/\ PC6L_P#@!+_\33?^$


MSK'_@!+_P#$U]G44_:L.0^,/^$+\5?]SK)_PW7_XFD_X0OQ5G_D6=9_\



M:N?%W_%^*L_\BSK/_@!+_\ $T?\(5XJ_PA9UG_ 


ZUQT_T7_XFOLRBCG8N06DHHJPH-%%
M !1110 4444 +2444 +1112 ****84M%% !1110 4444 %%%% 4M%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 )2T44 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4E%% !1113 6BBBD 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg20.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 $A HP# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH

^V/3C'0

M%KJ6D]Q)
MHC0J9FD(;YL$;NYX^O7C@5L77O-A*KJOV5O,,7F)^]S\F/,Q[
M[L9[4 =[17GP_P$OLX[7Y99U*%YAO#
NY-H7) +$-EL#IGO20VOBK[&C2W-



MO;S0133(DD[;(E8\NV

* -NBL5_$NGH]VH\^1K3;YJI$6(W=*?



LOEHI


MDX:



MQTWB/RSNZL





&F/J*F98F@B8B3




YQT^]GCO78!05KS:?

M


M
''V6Z_(?XTX?$C3#_RZW7X@?XTPY6=(FEV










M/BV!QY
/^1JO







R9!)KG[AOFK8NG!!S7.W<G[P@&BQ$W8CE
M;BJHDPU2.VX5 P.:+&%[LE+9YI(4WOSZTQ:L0X!J9.P)79MZ?&J]15W49%^R
MGZ5FP3A1CVJY91'5M0M[($_O' ;'I6'4[591L=C\





3C [O8O#IE2)3*#TQ18UA+

8--BE#+UI[8Z4$D94KTI%8YSBG#BEX[4 *
'O05%-P.U+


  @ <U(T<7=V




?2:;JUM<J9;$2LO1O6MJ'
MX@W\RK'J0$R#^(#FNITK4[#6J02KOQ]UCS2O8UY:=38SOAWX;G.HS:G?KAM
L^6.2&8JV<YH+A%+1&K$XSC%7(W7&



M+8]ZM3@[



&*=0 I!'%!.12H3W
M_G3L*: 


/\ D:;S_@'_ * M8G%8RW.N/PH**!2U





M\\I((S6;(N36E?H$D;%9Q8'O5(YI[D16A?4FG;@3@BC'/%49DX) ZU;MV.1@

[MM.+9-/B0%\FFC+=EB&
-.C



.
MW^-74W-'M(PWH:03J


_P#Z&:$7%Z6/.O&'_(TW
MG_ /_0%K#Q6YXP_Y&F\_X!_Z M8E8RW.R/PH*6DI:DH7J:UM-LH9[1GE4-F7


MSE%KE;&X



X6/&:= QV

M*Z6^
U9]S*1GFK4D<@
M2LZ9&9\$U2W(FW8A#?-DTDDAYIXB.
_TI&B-


M'M4U(ZWN/IHZT9.*!UH$*1FDIU-).:!H2DZ4M% Q
55F^E6JKS=ZS92
6\B5

Z(Q31R]Q8X/*U2:S/:NGN(@3TJC/& .E4ILR

]*=@5-QV*\R@I61(I#'ZUMR+\I%9-R


L-W

=KK0#1
0%E'44S:-5
]

MF22&6!986#HPRK ]:H3$++G-(M:FBDFXU:6Y5!M-9$4H!!S^M7
[UR#3):U)
MVOF8X\LGT8=JBN-/6[7S

MN.X&K]CJ
D
M$#CAS3N))&I#J*2#YC@XZ&NDTG#Z;$PZ$M_Z$:X-H<GMAO6NW\/*PT.W#')


UE7 RU-+4RJ.Z(E8

@CFL]'R15F-Z3+BS0BB5SBMBUT]67(&
M:Q;9\

M$8R:SY]/6/@5TE_='D U@7=R=K#/XXI!96
2YM@


N[R9

)&:LRV\B_
4


5@SJAL4YNM9]QT-:$_6J%P/EH6X2
N3[U4YZN
MR]:ISU1A(KCI1UXIP'% %-:$!CB@8Q3L48YXHN
3VHQBG8'7%+@$]*0R)@2#








8

MU1^$?FE%-%+2 D!-
F02Q



MYS]:HY([59QR9


M5_FQFM72HS;VCS*#YTPVCV7_ .O5;&23E(Z#38/#6DE4NXI;V;^.16VJ/I73






]1VK5LK'
9%S'\K?QCJM8VB2P6\0
J[B

]*VO&/\ R-E[_P  _P#0%K$)


2PDD


MLIJ]+IX7DFH6@5/6J

J!DMQ\BGH6KE]


FC- AV:

'FE!]* )
^]

MYI(4C/D;#55F-69?O&JLM48


M7%%+0(;12YHXQ2 3&*4

MCQ)IX@GD-K=+SANAKQ;KUI

MHG^R*\HL];O[ @PW#;?1CD5WWA[XG00Q+:ZI:#;T\Q*74Z(U8LZ%2$&W XIW

C_ 
5;?#_KG_Z+


MAP?SKL]7\

 ?

&
MJY?#5#YW&:&D&W.:VT;NES1B9-^


N3O=7]Y-(2S2PKDDYS@<?RKDXXR64GC!K
MKW@^U:E#$/\ EI;+_6DS2FG8HZ!I


M]Z '[JK3DXJ0GFH)3S42*CN9MP0.M9S-S5ZY()-9S'YOQK'J;HKS50F-7IFY
MQ6?


TH-1Y


M^M2.
'I49YH 1NE






M@S3_ #R(0H&
.5&::7/0B@=



W-6KE_4UGN_-9



M7


S

MO[=\--)N9!\S^=G\)G']*^1:^K?@]_R2K1?^V_\ Z/DH1JIO8YKQTV/&6H#/



TV7?


M#++2#'6H)6!2HVDJ)Y
I@T#ZE*X88^AJJ2K+BI9CUJIG'&:3-46(1MSBKT;Y
73P1A+J0R;%A!N'.!TINJJ^G:%J,=R8TDN]2
M$LAP?
C_O#':CE3&FT9.M^$UM(+XVM\T]Q9*CS1-%M&UNX.:XF0/&2'4BO1
M?&&LS_VK=6$4D?V9EB+;%&7^4=6[XKB)YB8Y)H8CH*SE!&D)OJ8LK]ZJLV
M33I9

M42Y)_&G*QSUI<IGS:F@K9YI9/N9J.2


H$6P].\SWJG
MYE'F4 7/
]Z/
]ZI^8?6CS#ZT 7/
]Z-_O5/S*=YGO0!;W^]'F54\VCS#0!J


C]33=KD9S^M %HSX[TWSR
I

_P#)
M)M$_[;_^CY*$///B9)M^(6J#_KE_PBDKDO.KH?BE
%^)&K*6 QY/?_ *8I




M52W8X91U'O4.L
LL$9)X4\D'I60D)*[@0RCNIJEL92D[GH;7&5!!R/7-
6\Q
MQG]:YBPUA(X5@F8?*




M

O]ZK0N5QPU



]10%F2Y[&F$LIRII-XSG(_.DWC

=

M*=@LPHI


MI'_0*LO_  '7_M&B@#._L/2/^@59?\ @.O^%']AZ1_TK+_ 
!U_P *T:*
M
UO#^C.

M_M#FCF@#/\ [#TG_H%V7_?A?\*/[#TG_H%V7_?A?\*T:* N9W]AZ5_T[+_

M^%_PJ_S1S0!G_P!A:1_T[+_ +\+_A1_86D?] NR_P__X5HT46YGC1-)'
M32[+_OPO^%+_ &)I/_0
L_\ OPO^%7Z*0%#^Q-)_Z!EG_P!^%_PH_L72O^@9
M9_\ ?A?\*OT4 4/[&TO_ *!EG_WX7_C^QM+_P@99_]^%_PJ_13L!0_L72O
M^@99_P#?A?\ C^Q=*_Z!EG_ -^%_P *OT4@,_\ L32?^@79?]^%_P *0Z#H
MYZZ79?\ ?A?\*T*6G8#/_L32?^@79?\ @.O^%']B:3_T[+_ 
!U_P *T**0



M-_\ 0!TS_P !4_PK9HH QO\ A$?#?_0!TS_P%3_C_A$?#?_ $ =,_\  5/\
M*V:* ,;_ (1'PW_T =,_\!4_PH_X1'PW_P! '3/_  %3_MFB@#%_P$0\-_
M] #3/_ 5/\*/^$0\-_\ 0 TS_P !4_PK:HH Q?\ A$/#?_0 TS_P%3_C_A$
M/#7_ $ -
_\  1/\*VJ* 
7_ (1#PW_T -
_\!4_PH_X1#PU_P! #3/_  %3
M_MJB@#%_P$/\-?] #3/_ 5/\*3_A#_  U_T -

M:* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


BI-WM]30 ^B

[D/0XZTR:[@@91+
B%A

MF1W= ?F0@

4HB9OWAZ*!DFIPQ/8B@!

MR
%W' SW- $M%


M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444


MV\Z=7N$
K33@
W'3TIUYIC7,BD2[$2,(HP
M21A@?7G.!UK9HH Q/['F BQ<C*N'<D,2Y_.A=(FA5?+N!E&5P#\Q QSSWK;
MHH SIK61[E)XW4.L93#+D#..1[\56?2I'.7G0DG)RI^;G///:MJB@##3161-

M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
7 HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /_]D!
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg21.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4




M'NV\C-8U7):(VHJ+=R_8ZWXA-P!/?%ESR/+7_NB_M6^Y\__P =%44@@SN0
M@^X-/DP!@5


5]ZWP[;
MCJ<N(BE+0[3_ (6OXV_Z#;?]^(_\*/\ A:_C?_H-M_WXC_PKC**WL<YV?_U
M_&__ $&V_P_$?\ A1_PM?QO_P!!MO\ OQ'_ (5QE%,#L_\ A:_C;OK;?]^(
M_P#C_A;'C;_ *#;?]^(_P#N,HH [3_ (6OXV_Z#;?]^(__ (FD_P%K^-O




M 'YC_P *K_\ U_&W_0;;_OQ'_A7+W)XJI6T=C6YV8^*_C;/.MM_P!^(_\


BMGK2L![)X4\0:]J=L)+J_9\C_

M


5







M


6Z

6R7P3MAL%!]*[*XE/V8\=J-
\/6
M-E#B*+ ]

ME

M3U*06_WS5KM5&VF4N0/QJYO]*EC'56O1^XDP?X:FW$U4U#+6\BJ?F*\4 ?*/

MV?
3'&:]H1]\2MGJ*\,\)Z5/J.L1;%.U#N+5[? I2W53_



MQ-NA#(:AZ&II.M1&K6QFPJW;.0PQZU4'6KEI&S3*


M8MBC)/-+*IV&@



M@]ZV;:RCA


/\)RXGXA:



M- O#+81ACVZ5CU.M62-LW(1L9%5+RX5T/S4VY /\59
Q=I0B98]@*LFUV=KH






R$GUJJW2K]^ MS(!V8U0?IFM*AE3&)]ZE/M34^]3C6!


W(1C^%$9(II@IXXICGFKUMI-W.@*1\&IFT*








M5BZR)6![&JS5538RAHR-.M25&HPU//6L&;7&/4=/;K3.U4A



M2*+60+C(/%9FK2R!X]XVD=#6+9ZQ=P3
\

MUYG9:
A\1K:%\Q*_)KVC3+6TCME%NHVCC(JH\J$^9C?WJL6W9]JJ[C]K5R.1



MN Z4V
MXZ392W










MGVSP_;QLWS1KMKHIL^;^-



M :D\/2K'









M
U74+B_$/GOE8Q@5HJ;
^='1:7=*WB9@[ !GP#FO7]-46MFB
P8YR
5\YVUR

.
M
US/B3PMI6M8OK%UMW^\LL&

0^Y![5Z
M%JET+S26FM'CDCW+(IX(-<SHNMZ5=Z7]JEM3/;D8D58=^WZBN(U_P 6R:)K
M4L'AS41/H\J!A;L




'7=P16;W-[Z%'5F+DM^59(Z5I7

.E

M//2L6;#&ZU'3SUIM,E@O45O:4^$ZU@#M6SIC *<_A4R*@:<K$=.*A.6Y-/
M=@U( ,4HHIW*\C$<8J/S.HJ29PO:JK3+NYK72QGU'.2W0&H9+:1ES@XJY;3

M !^56XJVYES



* /3/A3K%K:S26



()JD$,Y[U2K/L+ZO'N?/^@:-JD,<S3:;
M=HI&!NB(K!UB*6_42Q21L6'#KC//O7TZT$H7.37D?Q2TJ[O_$^GK!&6Q8)
M Z<UJJLIKEL92H*'O7/;K?\ X]HO]P?RHK2@ ^SQ?[@_E14$'R_\5E'_  LK
M5SNP=T?_ * M<Q?6Y2UE


MW/(




M:W_#WAFZ\1ROLE6*-.K



M
Y4


OS4




PQ@FK

/7%$K-Z%\KBK


$R*Y:;Q5+I5RQ2VR#P1FL[Q

M:!UJ4A=M

M

M?)B78

MTX


M;_BO_P E
UC_ 'H__1:UQ==K\5E8_$S5\#JT?_HM:YBUT?4+P2?9K220H
L

2KSD\XK

8/:I+_=)HI)@51Y?4LR\=6E3#9RV*ZSQ (X_[!5&3&.
M:THW:9E6M<\I[U<M[\NQ_HUM++_ +JYJFH+

M-G.Y




M:F=1)/09^-:VF3BV))(Y'%9-.4GL:N4;JQ

4LH!'LPX/6BX\:SW
M$C



/6IPW'6I]I)[E\B702:
21LI[BO*?$EI+#?



8=7\07%A#!Y0A) /K7G?AKPOXGTC
M5UG@M'\OHY[$5Z1HWAM+?6#J)MS%(PRV!7'._



5+EIV-)N6R*F

5R\MCJ3.-
;9Y



$BJ \C31#:B



MF5&F*?OF. 


M



_6LV7Q1JLC?\?
MX^C&M*524=C&K&

WH*&$E!%+[/!Y&X/MXSG-57=XUR

IQNJ-[UV-



D#M6]J%C%J-FUM*2
M%;G(-2)(8DBC.$5=H&.U9.FW(T4U8JR3PQKSQ#%P0JY'7-8-E.VB:]-IC@
M+;W#[XB1PN:ZO:QQG'MQTK&U[09-6$3Q2JD\9X8BE.+M=!&2V9=2VE9[J.[\
MN2!SB

\'HDM]+'(@92O<45)\D








I48GSE+X?


MEO$LC(W0

M.HL)&^A%+I/A[5='NI)[ZRDAC90H9AQG-8;0.F34I'9OK^K_ &GRXKIF9@-H


ULJY(9ER

&




%<6QDG<X)&!7



\.GY4%


M

M=LOK*2+'5EY%84$39ZD*?6I)+174K(@((ZBMH8B43&5%



PEA^

M=.2-


M(RF[8.-M-/(X6K#)FHS&#T-2T4B$ YYI'$@!*\^U2JASUJ0 CT-389AWER\:
M

M\?

M^]=N#]:RDXV+C&:9:6




M#OK [:6
MI
]9+[TQFHF7*X)_.N3L/&]O+\MW$8F_O#I72P:E97:?N9T;(X



:H+'Y

OI0]O!+\LT2GV84!%
6_'Y5(-<UO3=JRNEW'GK(


MGM(?RJ
Z9
.C@UK[3G&/QI
'H0:ET8C]HS';3K@#@BF&RN1_#FMS(QT-
8\Y
M /YTO8H/:


+
?.C'8]:Z





M

U4^QZQHK!H+E_
M+7D!3QCZ5UAC7?Q\O':G;21@X=?0BFJDB733
6T\4WPAVO''*0
L -K?G6C:

%^7U!



SMG7
1MFZ6+ SP5XI$<;<(^?9N#3N*R
PR:IIA+)-YT

O.8/%]S 0D\!'^U6S9^,89<!N/K5^T[DV['7@ '&:4X XK*M]7@F'RL
M?8U;6X1VR&JE-
.1EO (SBC: 

MPY_T$=3_ .^T_P#B:/\ A0OAS_H(ZG_WVG_Q-%Q'SU17T+_PH7PY_P!!'4_^

M  H7PY_T$=3_ .^T_P#B:+@?/5%?0O\ PH7PY_T$=3_[[3_XFC_A0OAS_H(Z
MG_WVG_Q-%P/GJBOH7_A0OAS_ *.I_\ ?:?_ !-'_A?#G_01U/_ +[3_P)
MHN!\]4@/.:^AO^%^'/^@CJ?_?:?_$TG_A/#G_01U/_ +[3_P)HN
^?O
.




M_P#$T[_A46@^1_Q]ZA_W\7_XFHY67SH\'


MU+_OM/\ XFGV7PDT+1;I;R&[U!W (P\BXY_X#4U(7@T53J*

-Q/
M=8/0AER/IQ6 OP5T!)O

MEN


MFR)KE?HP_P *!X-T_&//NO\ OL?X5/(P^L(X@1P7
(+Q*6[@BHI=)M7'$07Z

99?QJ]%=S0
%;1#G[3='ZL/\*M+H5LI'[V8_B/\ MX1EU
I5HO8VAG:/I13MHHK
%L/./_]D!
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg22.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 +Y B4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#MO&_BZ_T/



&MB[_P )SXKSQJN?

M;['HVC^)M;NL&:]W_P#;)!_(5U

F6FY_W1_A7.Z1IZP1K\HK:GN8+&V:
M:9U154G)I1D^XYTX+9'.^-O%6IZ)8E[6[\J4\*?+0Y_
5P ^)_C I_R&.?\

#5^?^O:+_


M3C\2O%?3^U?_ 7B_P#B:XO
MC^






!7_L_^V]3_P?G_QQ?\*RY/$BOJXL6B;Y






SJ.
\FO+/FS
MPQ_.G DG!)_.I=%



M7$15N*O[OF_&FS('7I36@2U













M&VB@TX/+G)YQ4EG16=_%=R
4D*Q]%!'!KKM-4+: #^\:\WM-4BDN=L@\FWBZ

M



T1(#ZTX@8J
@BG!N*12)%STIK D8IH;%.WT 0 $&F2#
M'-2MUIC#(IHED )Q3XR:C)VM0K570DFS\U/4COWJ -S3LTK#&W$/&0*JQY#8






S)OXS]:Q=





M6@9IQR



C;_O*17=


M0.:=113 
4E+2=\T +24M% %B/[@J4''2H$. !4BD=ZEEIZ$P;/6@^U1GCD4

DK2  YJ'=[58DZ


M^X*EEHO6QP:W;0\#Z5@V_45MVAX%8R-H&LIJG?\ ^K.*M)R.M0SIO7&*DT9Q
M^HQDMUK#:)MQKM+JQ#DG%9_]EL3DC]*UC*R





MS)9N(V_BQTK0O/$%K]C63RRT9XR!4NN6ZBQV(@WL
#CI45G8Q)IP\R-6&
 $



]&-=8K0VT
M02)0N!CBF

#5



23MV%=CX2EN9]&\R[ $K2MP.PXIQW
Z


M5AWI=@/(-15(I(X- P((ZT @CGK3CSTIA&WF@!#Q29)[TO45'NQQ30@)SP:A



#;CVK

MOR]35S2(;O4[]M2O$PN
H#0!'K\LFJRQ:3&Y12

V<
M?


*YF[\

99IMUE (_\


$N9F)


X/M4UU$L=L
M ZC+'TJ:RTB5IHP
DY-5;N:2;5HX#'A/44@


MW%K:1Q*





;.#4JR]JB=61BK JPZ@BBM-S+4



@X5[S\'_ /D26_Z^

UE*FG
MJ=$*\DK
P+/Q6


MM[RHQ@ I!''L %8.HV=4:*1RKQF-N?6MT8CO3KZ'DD#O4=MQQ5IW5S%QM(

5B:3%(=2VC[HJ_J-SG(S5C2( J-*5^8]Z3


U3=-/'&!U


^M5I_ECR*C,NV!DP#6=M+&KD
MI);-,BB^8G%/8AJY4,! +?E0G2K=UA(OK5(!D +=*6X+0DXKWGX._\ (DG_




&N^5+EW_.MB#Q#!(0?-'YU*YD

GOBM(






MVUM:V:I


M

MU SR3^ J[9B:658[6U






M6O
:]
^.QQXWLO\ L&I_Z


U23Q*BDK(14N-2.@

YV2SU&)MI8G\:DACNAPY/TK0DU:.:9F4D:\!YC\J5V5RQ6P16LH&\L



!W%=O!;10(J(H  X %<'JFMW&BD3HN]<\J:

4F5'5JS([YY!C&*8]S(&P3Q6YQ\I









M1W!RAKF]0ZGZUOS-\AKGKX]:TAN8SV
E7


N
M(#E';%7-[


J
&
M;L :PGGN[I \DK 'L*K26RI\V
]7]-C
MC2

U:QW#6Z3VY7 KEI-#OUNG


!]KYC/0UZE?W:V-
MC/=

^4FX?7M7-)+)J.GRW$]W)YC*1B-L!*RERQ=SHI\\X\J.\T:X\VU4YSM

GNQ[


L.?








VR-G

MI&:VIS\K#VK#O.M:Q


$U8CT!(IW=5&3U.*8&K-.6CWK





]





M;!XJ.M]SC:L2&@=:3-+B@ .


M4V'-:4RY7(J@X :I14A\1(/6K0Z53C/S5:!XH8X@N=U7[=JS0
MV&J[ ]2RX[FW WRU.#5&7CK5@3LK.YLF3D^E1LPIIE'K4;S#M19B9#.?E;


K @]JUE+-'NQS6$HJYU4YZ:DPE=.E4YI'
M0J1Q1!\KN%1\ZL7]U2RG5V.U3UYKJKGQA#&G=FQS7#O&1RIZ&H9(R3GG\Z
MZ)5W)[')##*/4VKG7)M1FP

BW9V'*$\&NWU..SN+5B2-_.X]\UQ
]KY)5U
M/RYQS2H347H&
C*:U.F\
V




&&Q?ER0?\3^59NHZ?JFJP2*MO;P0LOEG
M+'&5.0/;FI8O$&R!1:6L-K'WP.OI6%K6MH87!OW;+%O+0D#=4+W97V-9KGC;


M.54A3^'6O+6Y[3V
:^QYF
T_392ZNA.2.127$+RMG!^IJ.S/V2[#@_45IT
5

*]0^.PSXWLO\
ML&I_Z



MZ4PU$ED.*SYCFKK XZ55D0^E5&QE)%!^O6FJ
-4[)[4W;SC%:7


M


EKSF@F\^



USVU.QRLB::Y/V9



!G%;ES;@)TK,GCQFMHRNC=.PD+?NZL038)&:HHQ530





MS02[0#@@X[U5N[N


&P ;R4@$_2



-0???1J.

0 T8IU&10 @


D U8M&._/O4RV+CN;D
6XXJ\EL2
A3C=%-+4XZ4XVQ]*U5A&,4C1L[FG(97D<=*:8\&K[)BJY7FBX6L5RG%-*





M

?5;

MV6XXX7\35Z58KR_\N\F$6Q/NHX//IGH*IK=W36[6
5S
\(.2#P1^-4[*.6)[
MA459 HW



TW.30 [BC)I!GK2XH 4=:NQ99*H]ZO6QR
5
BXD;*=



M?2F^:#WH9P1UI@12 E3]*PKR
EF'O6ZS#!YK(NL;R:UIZ&52S1@R1$24]H


M*S _*X'(KZ$^$TZW'@TN@POVJ0#]*^95; 7!KZ-^F?^$.[K]LE_P#9:7+K




MVTU:




$QG\Z(I\BCU-,$#$9I41XW5O0T:]
MZYW_ (=LBT ?!.*Z/RF09'XN4\-ZW'!%*0

2




3@X
M[59LM'@V*\YW

GD\U


TH!I
4 %%+BC%  
*;S10 J<N
UT&

MQH 9;2CD'BHKRY!!B0_

&DQR2:RG4Y3HHTN





$U)8VS73DD?+6R
)


6B-CZ4
ME/$]JF2W.S)'ZT7%9E7G( KZ.^!X(^'Y!_Y_9?_ &6OGA8COYKZ*^?'@(_



X#I07W#I2L D<LD391B/H:W]
\4:A:E45F?G &:PE4=ZM

U
MS-UK

UKI/'

DGI7;:4OV:RC4C!(R:F6@Z;;*O]@#_ *!X?'O6XLP
M)P*N0D'G J;LU21R\VB);Q[F%5ULHR


Z
MEK:'HU%%%




9#BK@9U!MLOSJ*ZFR!2(8%<_81[I%XKJ((]L8J

M44R#CBE#


'%



&FX/K3LT4 -P:
&G44 -IV





@!JKY0/0T8=*0%\*
#ZTLJC9@&J:
M3
.M6&F5D S0



MYS3Y%^?%-VT %%(*4T /6I#@ U&O2GL1B@(]:^B_@=_R3X_]?LO_LM?.F#7
MT9\#O^1 ;_K]F_\ 9:3 ]+HHHI ?/7QW_P1XLO^P:G_ *
EKR^OK#6_!?AW
:OIJ75PD8B5V=UPH)...['\ZI?\*I\$?\ 0!B_[_2?_%4TP/ERBOJ/
M_A5/@C_H Q?]_I/_ (JC_A5/@C_H Q?]_I/_ (JG<#Y<HXKZC_X53X(_Z ,7
M_?Z3_P*H_X53X(_Z 
7_?Z3_P*I7 ^7.*#UKZC_P%4^/^@#%_P!_I/\
MXJD_X53X(_Z $7_?Z3_XJBX'RUFC-?4O_J/ _\ T (O^_TG_P 51_PJGP1_






M3'_W\?\ ^*I/^%=^%?\ H$1_]_'_ /BJ/9
?UB)X



*
#2D'_


O!
MLC;GT.)CZ^;)_P#%4W_A5O@K_H!1?]_9/_BJZEHK'%)W=SYB&

M@K_H Q?]_9/_ (JD/PL\$D?\@&+_ +^R?_%4[B/E]C[4@X[5]0_\*J\$_P#0

*I\$?] &+_ +_2?_%4
MO_JO!/_ $ 8O^_TG_Q5%P/E]7([U,'WOIK_A57@G_H Q?]_I/_ (JE'PM\
M%#IH

5]-?\*N\%_P#0B_[^R?_ !5!^%W@L]=



7_?Z3_XJC_A5/@C_ * 
7_?Z3_XJBX'RY@48%?4?_J?
M!'_0!B_[_2?_ !5'_J?!'_0!B_[_2?_ !5%P/EVBOJ+_A5/@C_H Q?]_I/_
M (JC_A5/@C_H Q?]_I/_ (JBX'RYQ7T5\#_^2?MC_G^E_P#9:V?^%4^/^@#
M%_W^D_\ BJV]%T'3/#UE]BTJU6UM]YD\M6)^8]3R32 UZ*** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M-Q:%0
,^N$HOM;OX!&T?


.5FW16)_:

]A !_


M:T5PC^
-9
&]-
5&]'D%71XO2*!3=W-O#)C++GI1R

MJ/PK+G^
SME'^V

M%R^


LZCXE\'VNIWS1M<R22JQC78,*Y X^@HI ;5Z&-[)C
MV_D*P_$4).@WAW?\LSQBMV](^VR<^G\JPO$3*- O
D^7P








L_:

4AADGO1DT?C1Q1




M

MI]OJ
%P^R*8


F9]08]YOZ5T6\&N4\.L!)?
#UF-;OFD












MP_URPEF1) ?




MDVVFS2AK6V.8E\C_.:5QV/H'X._\DXL?^NLW_HQJ*/@]_R3FR_ZZS?^C&HK
M(LZ&_8B\E^7L/Y5R_BN68^'+CC!QFNFU O]MD '''\A7

M64F=M)*R/

&07S*J]^AIL

MO'I36QG-^\
9MHX-0F4YZU(X/3-5F;:YXIV)3U(OM39([4X7/J:J%L;C[U$\




T
M +1110 5ZG\+[QO[#U&!5WR1RAT4]B1UKRSV]:[SX67;0ZU=6ROAIHLKGU%.

\OSW$I_@'I2









MKT#PL




==/_3R:F6Q4=S+

M.U
44^@3%SQBDHHIBBBB@ HHHH ***0&@!#UHHHH&%%%% YH!]:2B@!36A


MY\6[W+:2MYD89-P/RN.QKE]#\1ZCX?GWV4OR

M=A:;^\N
$U=T18:FD6/B[5K.72M.DL[2-!]I=UV@X]*I?$#6(KW4X;&V(:WL

26/4D\FDVK#28Y%
LB1@'+
ML%'XU[H;K3=(%A9W=^D*^0(7MW'#@CK7A*L48

M*NT

%:&475HP/52
TNEZUIOB?P]JDA$=OJ4UMM

1LV8+_P /I58

M I!1S

M\_#FS/\ TVF_]&-11\'?^2=6?_7:;_T8U%0
Z^_;9#GT_D*YOQ6(CI*!C_
M 
M!WKI;S9]LDS[9_(5R_BSRSIT0P



YS


MYX6_Y H([R-_.MF5B
22





M2
T ?1WP=.?AS9'&/WLW_HQJ*7X/ K\.K
'_ )ZS?^C&HJ -^_*B\D&TD\?R

^*)91;P%8LCS

MY=
SZOVK-NV(U*




\51E!\ZY!Z[#6G0E*TC0\
DKHL./4YHU6]9I/*7CCDBH=&

]:TBNIS5'K8J;SV/ZU5ED?:U;
VGJDBJK'YCZ
M5FW=L\!8-T]ZT


^9M'(J^GW%^E9[[]W4?2K\?W%^E5 RJ

#9X!J4VQM)





M&!(^HI58
^2


J)


GJ4]0AV1KBH(HNGTJYJ1^5?K42D


:BLRC9O

&D41D@J!U'RBN3UOP
NJ/
2
M7

MPQ8J6W-
WUD-+E'[9
Y1HG:

MW%-)D^U1R

GSMU
M]*UVF(7^$5









M:$&3B@1C[UW)J1NM
/6F MJI-TOL:W


MFI(ASTIJ.

D

BP*3@4\*332


M
$G:@6[]WKD3XI\2
3MT1?]Z44W^W_%S\IHD0_WIO\ ZU,-3LOLSG^*GV;



MHF!2[DQW![UH)\/K5-H5VX[TM1V3.R-[: 9

Y/:GJ/2QD:[:_9WA /!7K6-





M9%Y_Q\O55A6I)9M/


M5C:*
4$D/DC'W:/)&.E6 .*

M9F7=D]ZG75
?=A%5%I(F6XMX
M&#TS5Z&.!5!*D\5D7EY)
H.S8
]:I_:IAP

Q&3(?SI^U#E.I%^HX$:4
MO]H8Z(HKE
RY_P!8?SHS-_?:CVK#E.N75'7H$IW]JOU^2N/Q*?\ EJ?IFD(D




8H\INPQ1[20^1&^VHH?^6U
_M&
M/O

MYK9/


]/D)]HKGI+?$SPH/^8D#]%-1-\4OB];YOPC-<&/A$Y'%X,_6I%^$1_B
MO<4N4?M+'9/\5_V#MN96_[9FL=OB+X;
KN+J3+'/








8./FB(R:K7W@^W+?Z#=Q2-W4G







M)6L-;D

=*/(]JN!1CI1M]JJQ-V4_(H\

'J*?*.[
_[-[4
M&WQTJ_T.

M5/('7%'DU:VT;12L%V5/*YQBE






M=/VK'/' 9!




1U@BS08@*\]7Q-XU,^DJ;
M;3!_:T6;9,-^[( )9C].<HY_&WB&T\.ZK]H6U;5-/OTM2ZI\CAL]J7LV'UB
M!Z

M$ 'O\U4?




GOU]#73%\\;


WC*Z)=(OWTV[#-DPO\ +(.HQZCW
MKOECBEBW?*01P1WKS'!1L$.OT-:]EJDJPI'(650

MK!?AB/0U&VI!C@3M^=.!R
YZUH2 -96I']^OTK3K
U+_ (^!]*F6PT36JY7(



M@8=:.9
.5H;Y3?W31Y;?W?UIQ%QZ/^5

^E+Y3G[JFFB&Z
M/2.3CT6GR07MN%

T
M5Y;KF6.6



\*?I




M&@\C#E!EO



LJS12$9PR]

%UJ=]8



UK'*5C$A:3&6(!.X#]



P(
M)S_C45QJ=TJK%MCCE9AR
_-RO ]^:EIMZF\)PBK(QOBE*]OX-\V-RDB743(P
M'0YXKD?#/BYM7GCL+V

F6*Y'.S[P_O5<)\LB)QNCIA9?VEI\\0)\Z)?
C]_;_/M7)+


M?Z'^=74UU(A=:%ZWAM+^TCN!$I##Y@1T(Z@_]\_K6?=Z7&BW5DBX+1^=$?4K

HQ_


MA_Q\#Z42V&MS1\

4U4&.16$HLZXM
A2 8SL&/I
\,:39ZA'=3W SY1

D[/LZ?=]ZQX-(TVWU22TN(S)\V%

;O\CG)!+$FBK?AJ02Z8[@@@SR

MXCA=8M-T:/[UK8AY
GC?+\S$_A7HOCV7SK?2]'4G=?WBA@/[B\FO'_%&JMOO




'0R)O!AACKU^;K[50BT::&YAG$Z,4JZ\X9

YZ

M3/ML/_/5/^^A19ASI%_?0'Q5#[;!DRI_P!]E^UQ]W7Z!A3Y6'.B_OI0U4!

MP8]R1!/




M'. .OZUXK*Y



MM(.Z:
Y1L[G/R!DEW [6;ACCHXZ5V%K
FH:8LI!Q*IWCT/.?UKE;Y=Z[E/WU


M?\.DW^)/^V1KUZ6
1;3BO)?AH
^)OI%7L5VH:+([5A):&T7K8J/*NWG%1%TV


M9'FC(Q[5(]SKF-1
-K&;-W;8Q/./I47PS8KI=\

M=$M@MT -8SUJ-&\&E2398\1:JNBZ%9O%$OF.HV@?K7.GQ^_E(GV9#@Y;-6+J


4;*!BOM@5/X7\-:1?Z#;SRV







 O(












W&W).!;0GKU[TY?$^H

MIFBOC*Y4_
ZYSGYK+_[.A?&$@&5DASNR





8EL

H(Y!VV

ME


UDY*YJD[%'2&.YSCY=P'%:'C]
M]D&EG/285+'IGV'A2=K
*/'
*S?V4C#@S 4H_$.6D+&-J
L]U)YR3$;0  *H






NO^)?$0



;;#D/-&<]X9!G_ +Y8U<_M29L ZN<!=H\PR#C_ ($
5Z
?

M]0*T[/Q1K5NN+98'0D$K'M8?HQKI'L?%R/FT]$]2KL*KMX3\'W7W#+$?59
M?YBDZ;\/(JKXYUJ-1YVEYYSG8V
5(/B5&I ETXKQ\P\S'/X@4__ (0/1QS:

N?
BFC;'! # G\*O)

WK
M4/\ PAEXJ?Z3KMW*0__ %Z[F-O#MU'# D\0%M&(X8A+M8@=OFQCT]ZMII4#







MN-/FAD9&FY![FJ;1


M

KG!




M 5/AT$.GW@D3(
J\_A7;-/;0WVH7YB.3C@5Q'@*]30-0O;9=Z12C*?S/\





TR]%Y#?_91);R97)/05QX$8M\G.XG@O5/&I6



:BE^#G_)-









-]14
63T2=FC/Y/6S#XHUJ%0;BU$R=Y$3</S6NF<V-P-D]K'SU

MRM8CE1X^L=Y9S[VBDB;T



MJPW%C=

AP


MR96

['DJ/\XJK*[.QE

BY(_/

BK
-GH[[0VJ


M*YNU\5:WX7E%MXB@^TVN-J7D W$?[WK5;7_%]IK5K)!:/^[8?.Z'#G\^E6GY


MI:?I/B&&YD

$9&0Q)[&N



MQF





M%B0#G;QP*T4Y))-&

M3XM)\/S-BWU^6/T#.#_.@##E1;?YT@5@.CDY-(C7-QRI0+[KFNC/A@L (-;M
MY5/02(/Z&G+X1UE4S;BSG&
X1RM%F&AAK;#&6;G_ &1BG&$@?++^)&35F?3M


MZT[S.I_EJA%
VT^

R;(Q#;R+V=

#\:8UK$_) _ U7




7B!@D/\2':?S%5A%#+_ 


MNT_F*ZQ-4MFZ7
E'7M/C^]?VX_X&*R=1O?^H*1=/;NQ_C13N_
M5');9E)OJ6Y-7@U/3$:%_M
. LJL
LI]ZXK4=/M5E+VK&/GIV_Q%.


3^H^M4Y*VHK-/0YB

MJOFP6SSQ=GB.\'\16#1HFT=E9?%&Y
:KJ5DDRCK)%\K?ETKHK7QSX=U.RDMG
MNUMS

=4
5-+E









MNN64=-C/\/VHFU5+5!ND\S.[T45TD[VMAH]W%)@3QR&3+#[WH*Q[+5K/2M:6


M4[J
D5WI:'G

89$E)SM8
!ZU$L



M/4^M6M#OO#.NV5O8364/VN*



L.TG\J5/%.OVG_(

4K1-[UEQ?$'2AQ=QWEGS_RW
MA.!^-:=MXGT*^V^3J5JQ/8N ?UJE)H3BBA+H.H6_S02+

.V:=D]A7:
C4M
FL'=%
M=PUQ%?Q^5<@;\<-7+ZGIUQ
M:7/VBV;9
.Y^[*/0U+B5&1CM;Q6JFZMH4GM3]^-E^:*G?8[2ZB%Q:VZMGDJ!

/9KM!

]N
0SRQ^R.16SK


:5NWC65I9'5@3CS

TZ:VB
M:%9K61Y
#YPZ[3^'K3EB2 8


KZOI-QII8RJP1NA/./K575)GGN(
MGD.6\E0/IBO4Y+:WU;2G2*ZD:21



MZU#-$T7+5DCNHVD/R@\UTT=[87$FY7 VKU;I7'H SJ&; )Y/I6H^E1C3Y+V.



L:CYZ[&B4,IZ@UK1VIM[-;1982OMUK!UW\ML^9')GKM/3ZUI:R
;MR
DD

MW@*]O&[#@-\AKB[RTC



?J9UO-YEBRPNRY


MU:
U8.RUL]86*XMP+B9<13D_*?;ZU,E8J+)OM<7S1LC
MRDC!K_6G6\-[)$RA1Y1/'G?
0/2BXEN;?/E1(6SR#VK*&J75Y.8GG
2^B]Z

MAIQNI/[V
_J:1+.$

D:3?0^-[-M/U2<?;PH\N5P!DCIS^7T


U<\<
M9XJ]IU]!9K






!N


U.3OL**0Z**6Y<1HN]CTYJ*6.2WF*.A213RI'2M;38;VU7SH[-






M1]B:+7=XC3MI(V]'U9'[C\AX(/\-7]4TZ*_MBAZ'E''537G=G=RV4_ERY5E
M.#N_K[5WNBZLD\:V\A^5N #U4UO?/HS*4+.Z
[3+UUF;3K\?Z2@^20_\M%_

HM
M%195M[L9V2\-V]ZOQ+)


M7

M3BKHUHQ4IV8D.FECLD@*[1MR360+-[B[FBAX DDUT6HZH(8Y.96&%&*J:!


:R?&/B&^UF*Q@O8


MB2224 @/
*T/LQ< K;C\Z&L7W<0_K19A<S_ PPY]*?97T^G3^9


!_%[5


V_-CO6\9\R




M^1MX$;=Q]*Y:SY=4CNPM/G=F[&9XAT2'3-

M[BMB_P!1DN$5'!; XW-G%9=PH

M#5HYF2*?WB G^(4MT@


MRW V30N
*U+*.WUVS64 QW:?+(R
M]5/K]#6B&74[7^PM9(CN 


M6RV.Y-=;X9TB'4/M32AGCME!;#8Z]JQTJ0& D_E6Y?1VT\LAT8R/:0Q()9

ME;)8;5W1L1(#@@8/(KD_^$/\3]O#FK_^ 


MKL/@?7(8L)9ZS&PYRMN_\L5]*452FT*Q\J7?A7Q3-





M%MT7_A']5R%;K9R=?RJ2P\

!(-G(#_*OJ2EH;N!\N'PYXO.

MC5-T9




M7_@
_P#A7TQ13]HP]FCYH'AC7SRN@ZM[AK5_\*S[OPMXE:7Y?#VKD9[6;D?R

O
M^%?4E%)2:=T79'S)K7@O7&=;ZST34BS??C6TDR#ZXQ6UX4M?$=A(([C0=52/
M_:LY



8ZOP_I6IJ.B/J=A-:3V\QCE3&=A^4^M=I1WJ9/
MFW-82:/F/4/!GB.VOI;?^Q=0E

Q'A[5B
\$64G^%?5]%/F%8^3O\





C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M4/%1L#1=A8MG7-2'_+S_ ..+_A2?V[J7_/S_ .0U_P *H





J^^(]W &$%UYA7J1&@4?4D5SU[\1?%A\MK2\1
MVE!

=O;I$JVU
MR1M'3Y!3N-6


M(D_^.US*3SC.1U-2;1C&




=IQ\:^(.%&H_


3#/?'D1_\ Q-5+WQOXL2W\


-1!



M(?Z?#


M'[Q#U\M?F'8]*U)-/MW& FP^JC%9EWI\L&& W*#\K#^1HNPT)O[:U+_GX_\
M'%_PI/[:U+_GY_\ '%_PJB
_G2T786+O\ ;.I?\_/_ (XO^%+_ &SJ7_/S



Y9-B_


M$*H10.@J]Y(' 'XU'+'B)S_LG^5%QW


V.E7]@QTJIH
9


M')I@0@;5QN^I]:9M:3[BD@=ZMI$0N\0A5'628\#^E
0BY;9;K/?





#SUQ7302(S[[28Q-W0]#]13)8;=F)EA^RNW62 91O<K3N3:QA
C
M*-PY'J.E

9#TY



MWJSCVI6
GC'U-(8_;S
M2X!&TC(/4'O4']I6&<&[A'U<GQWEI*?W=U WL) :?*Q
S-1L/)_?PCY?XAZ
M5F9%=:RAEP0

MHYZ%#_X^M:!;%9'B63_BG;XCM'G\B* -II/?FHC+[U95!II?'4T[#L3;US
M@C/-/\\'C;CTS5)IU!ZU&UP7.U.O:BP^4M03%B\4H F1OF [^AJP&%9SH;AX


M*S
!87)](F_D:!E7

MW-.H *6D[4FZ@!^0*P-=DV72




M#^5IEE)
_9G&




U
M




D!_X&.5_'-7=/\9ZYH02/58?MEGGY





?O #Y7^HK4T.Q^SVIGEM

!Z_-E2IW'=CGC.

]IN?3I?
#G&#

M?C35M7?&DZ8_E]GY_\ 'C@5?T?P#IFFA9KXG4KP?\M)Q\B?[J= *Z%XL#C




MX5(8CG@T;* ',]M)L
N=^




?F:BG\0:CF2.W2

MZ'0K:YT6#R?[1N+B/LDIR!].] )/J=;Y)=\+51U*=1]14'6DM[V0Y):3
MLRGBK3

MD)ZGI4







 (X/YTPP..A_6KA'M3=N:0

C_ )X2_P U

MV5Q);S#HRG!_

?2MR+5O$&G



MM.._%1NBE3N))Q_*U$L;FY.Y(C^ _J:G70)7YE=5]=S9_046%S&()S# RJ2
MAVX5L]#ZXID4B6MMN6*3RT&6(7]:ZR'0[=%LSO[*N*LKI
GVZX[[CFBQ/



;?TH%8WDE!ZT_ISVK-C

M976XL5MK57E8;0=BGBNG@T$^6]XHD9.1'_#_6M6.(1+M0*BCH%&*+V)YDC




MQ;MUJKJ-N3:KG_GM'G_OH4#NB2#[I .0#R/2IJ8\!@D\P#( P_NO_P!:K(\D


!::I:R
3PHD /



MBK!MSV(-

3C^&@,&G Y[4;/44@!H$/&3].]8.I6CVZSWSL5*_*K#)!QUS

4[A=&=9Z?)9-:WIF#R
-DR
MJ


M [4[H

?^AFK
JI*-LB*
MX]&&:I[O^)\__7HO_H;5;)YH*V

;=B*OV-G;6
31I-=ON.3Y\Q


M!X(_.IW&'/UJ
CTH+Z%.2U4\K\IJJ\







MLC@JK#@YZ'UH'RGHVA-OT:W;UW?^A&BH?#6__A'[7S-K-ALE1P?F-%:&1\^?
M%;1-3N?B+K%W#92/;GR
?QKF+/QQ(JR_MVE9[G[06C(4=OE(QTX

5RL:ZK)J
5R7E%V(S$(V3Y2#SR/PZUT.G77V

N.A%


@]015]TA)4WVZA)5Z*.AK4!7L1^=/XQP*%$.9G'-&R,5888
M'!%)CTK:UFV&Q;A1S]UB*QJTP^M HH7K0
D'2EH%!..] YIM-W4A/% L:




BI)/\ 6-]:9061N.]1&IV*C&2!






M1S637

Z9D-+ ;AAT:8[L?2G_\

K[CEN_85!
M=QDV=Q\QYC;C\* N=KX: 3P]9KZ*?YFBCPYQX?LQ_L'^9HJS
\%^*NE17'CS




MDH+8'04S?0&I)NII;BHS(/6F


4?XH*P]:\':9K-I/$T7DM-'Y;-$=N1G-

F5&-RPU]

C=%_(5)]CN&&%B;\JWF'^FPX'\
M#=/PJ;\*DGF
,DJ6Z5N70 D((.<]*
HL
M,0Z%.!ZRRJE.Z!:%A5)['\!4I5]G8QW-5Q_;;CBRT^'_KK<%OY4QX]5 /G:


=L

_RHYBDF);:0ANDG25I?+!8;$XSC';

J

Z17\0NP7R;2+/]Z0MC\JU='BU



&+<[LH(Z#J#S6K/:J1E]1N(_\ =FQ7*^)+DZ?I<LL^K33V&0'CEY8
MYXFC0N.Y+:7D-YNV!E93RKG72_Z).?^F;?RJ&P\J2*;RF0H9-Z






MSM&O)MO2-?O-CH*ZN)TBB2.)
(HP !TJO:VR6@2!.FTECZGBK@C4^OX5%S)N






6@RR!FEF9


:MQSADRQ;E]0<$5?AT<$9+G\!5H:1#R6/XT6L%T9A-R@++#W2


B
M\'@#'UK52$9X'Y59@@2
LR*%+G+$#K0R;EBT:6U4+!(\2CHJ

MM#GZU045*HI&;LS42^N&0$R





:6D:H6W
M[5..?7BE*5U8J


Y^8^GM5#0]


4DF#L8

&@+BXKQWXJ7

9Y^;VKV7'.




M7[-#





@]#]:Z[0


MER(?M9'*OX:?! C3_@+557P]-'


M1

M\T8VA3V92013NB;
FKQ_XI:6;_6[6977
,3&R,0XW9QD=/2O6 [@8+D^YKQ
MOXN7DUMJ]HD17$L;;BR GANQ_P YI1W+Z&+/3WLY)(-.@8XS@1RM@D?=STJ
MWX&TN&P\56
RSS2-+%)L#0[%(V]CFN6?6F=




M0(F!J0&HA3QUH E'6G@U&.M.%!++\'
0/O4AZ5%!_J_QJ0F@!#2?6D)YHS0
M\









\*I=BV&H%F+


MZVVJ6J=W/T6O'_B_*)-7TN2

MS6Q\/X$A\;6@1]P


MQDUP6FZW=W?BVSC-Y



U=+!CM6!8;1*
MN .N:O\ VCS9?)+;1MR=IP:PTDBC9669


GG:V?FQ1S(F4&D/_ .%FZUO8K%:A3T'EGC]:U_#'

M(=6N;B.:6]DWQG
@ZU.;(6T%Q-<2[/G=B-L1]SWY_E5)]7%]#N




DRM#
GG0D\?


:=^I[1

;NQ.U%+$@





GC+3(Q@*)0H ^AKV
M9N2:\%\'





NKG&
=:B5XZFR2


MAM-2 [R)_(UPCM;(D9M@ I7)QZUZ%\-G#6VH#/1U_D:-;BY5RGH4 .P?6IBO

@
M_P!D_P J^7KC_CXD'^V?YTX@]CZD^$7_ 3#2/K-_PCGHJO\(_^27:-_P!M



MEGE&%G:(QF


M+E-37O%6

MTSH

K[@2Q*JK#L

[1^5





MC5;PK*N1E^#V_2C5$UAM)F7^T+B8/&RO%E22
'J*'.SU*4&]4SGY?&-@D:NB

M' SG]#16ERJXL
O:-J1W7G16
3):V1O)P


 _?G#+U

8_P!XXI\R*Y'N7N*\D^)QSXE5
M2?\ ET7I]37I_P#:5ENV_:8]W;)JGJGA_2-4F^U7EC'/.% 60D].W0T)ID2B

MM-CG&YCNC^^N3W'H*UM3TN_C*LMH?)
87=N'!]ZPJ3][0Z:-.T6I' :G#8QV
M5NUDI9BVTN#@D^OUKK_ NGO;Z;%=K(!'-&0T1&3NSG.:QG\+W:6

TX400$M

<70*W,@/'S$C\Z]Q\5:?;SZ'<L\DL301O,IX9@IQGVKR*








ERWE[5&6'@D5YWH(U#QEI

=
M$




M&JZB3T/3H3^[_&GD\57A;Y/QIY:@ADH/%)FF9^7K29]Z )&Y1AGM7S%=\7DX

B:5-9210VT=O,PRLT:X.??VJ;ZFJINUSU_QO%9I)9Z+)






M?UQ6O%=S?V9#:6I^:/H


Y) 4DYSTKG].B=/%&APWL!\LW.T)*
MN0P)I9+N$V'EQ_(P(SMZU1:_^S:QI]\RRNMO

BM--'K=Q8:

M/1PI-8OBGQW;:]HG]GQZ?-#+YB2;W88X]JWMV.:Z&7=[K^LZ9)927$;WTDH0
MQ%U4E

M'S-P%.5'TK/^M&ISM:V+-C=R65P9(G%EVEB,X'M7NWARBD\-VUS-%'(MPH
MD0.N[:N
#K7B6J:3_9


M*9)(&D 'F-G+8)_E2UL/G29U*^)(!LM$9G;(!FSM!]L=@*OV^FW.OZD(DNQ!
M';!920.HS^O2N.N573M.ROSR7(VLV.$]A4WA_6[VVO&4






N2 3]T9KT[Q+\1[2!Y]-LK1;





MYU?:'JFHW7GQZ?*@;G+8%7M(\#1:E:7TL^K6]G+:J
Q2D9)].M=?HT$DEPT$


5'R:Q+*QNM1NX[2TB::XD.%C09)K;T];'2X[RTU;27N;QQMB/FE/)




/SKH
+DUGJ6I:4K06MX%1CDCR\Y-6VUS5IBK/? 'MMB%




\V2MNFGSHV3;Y;<@J?_K53TW2[C5KK[+;&/S=I<;V
MP#BKLDZW$L(A23S.02W+.Q_G6YX=\'^)+;55F



2M^\ ')&
&O2OVMQ:KI:JKGS(#Y;JQYP. ?RQ4FL+;,N?\(KH
M)&/[-AQ[9I/^$/\ #YX&G*/7#D?UK65ACK3E)SD4S3E1C?\ #^'2.;'\I&J
M*_\ /AZQT^:Y-A(XB7(19B,_C71AAUJOJD#WFE7-O%CS)$(7)XS1UR1S/_


MD3

<\T!G)D<C/6N'_MNY\Q8MP:*%5RD/ ./4]?K52R1]
M48NS%KC4[O9@'HN?\


ZYX3T^QGO+B6[N OF.Y41

^K/A)C_A6&CX

*?\ GE'7&B^M
M1';



^AJC?^[/38UN#KMO)&YX 3D\\
M],U-(9/L[KO.WKC/%9^HG;IVGC/5&[_[1K1MSU9FU%&UK45OIJ0S:9H=C-8R
M0+)%.T3.Q&.=YSUSG-
U

YZ


M9;N'8




/TI\\ELS)QLS;U;Q-JFO1
M0PW=VTL
*A8HFZ)BJ%M8
[;G) ^E4A&Z
 Z
OU&*[G2-%AGTN&?SY@SIEER
M9J_?FP7+$CT/2;6]BM7D@$C3QR/*QD*A K8KHH9M(ATC[
VG0JX8J)FDP-OI
MR*YC3[+5'T2*:RGC9#OC\HC!P')Z]^:Q=0U6YN(%MI_+*QORH7G-9M-;]3;F




M'EC
?63R\E@HZG%=3::)J-Z%CM)A;S*V?
\X!#BN9NI8!-(?
G:1F*NJ...Q

MKS5Q:

9FN;.1Y8-D#%C\^2.G6LR_
MBL]7#0VT[S2A?E2

MF=R?4-)O-&$

3%\*=OOG-;.SW)U+D6GVOB.^DO8IA9+&JQF!8


@(W-


P QCY<4-Z%1E?<H6^FV


2

MR


;E0?UZ5&3GKS6R^@
T#2PW]K
P0R&-&^8BL

C;1GT


9/M5OP]J
VFZS!+-V\^6ZY^\IIT.CWDEV
MMH3CN



\Q\L5T.T\ 6(T
MKP3IUDJ;1$)
!W#'F1CR?QHK6\

M_P!$QUQRC]VV?2NQ^+?_ 4_6OI#_PB8ZXX?ZEC6B
V7-
^_)]!6D.IQ67I



MKG%+H-7N=Q_8^B0=-.''0M._/ZUE7MO81ZK9K%;6Z1/S(/O#^=2[^50FF7

M63@\$)DU6C&LR*&%O9QY (+N6J*'4)WF\JYBA97*R-LW GVJM;#NKFM+JH

H([CP[



M&^=2
-8_*1
MR1N'F$FKBE:Q

6.0339-2GE96=



M]2SCBO(94

PSQ@5933;^=LK!*?


(]9P'!$CG'\35HV^G64:C;!&#Z

65_O




M8
L)%PV02



4U'38I9VY$ZGS(L'L0PZ^XKK[31Y]D

UWIKPQ@ &-
L1^=1*:N:P
M@[' M974$K PMN4X)QD5J6&BZWJ7RP6 9#_RTDC 7\Z].MH;:V^X@+$8);FK







M  6.*




M=5X:8#1)O7[43_XZ*&73^(W2P)QGMG%4K^%;FV92



_A'%IRU


M;^5&]P

\EQV_6G[



?RJ9!QZT[[0N


DKC#.Y'N:-


;@?\^E9IG+2

:S:C=$EQ*DK!D8

2
%#'-=#.OFP
I/!&


@BMCF;OJ;%YY$7B
Q\^0VKEH\_*!DD5UG(5<3#YB?E!Y%.EO
M9Q.LJ%%D5-A95&3Q5S3=#GU*)3'-KLA=5(8G [G X!]Z- 
F2%8F0!@VX9^

]S7-W

M!.SU/2X](AN4RUNA_P!Y%.?TKA?'5E'8:M;10PK#&8


J
=RS;#V*)TJGG X _*



MP4X]:GVC-8T('

9]ZCF

JMIP<JQR_7T%<_X2U6RT[4)

UZ!;ZJ)4#P7PD0]&27(-:N/

MM$TFXNFL
MVO&C3.TGEOI7BNLWD5_J$L\-B+



4[$J)XKI(M1
TETJR # C
M8@9_6IKR&RGYT^*9)






M['-S_ ?Y5P7.

M?&%2WQ7UH#_IAW_Z81UPWD2-U!KN/C'_ 
E6UKK_ 

M9'Y+#@@C\:3R@.M+DXY-%(!0B=R?PI^V$?=#'ZTP*3T!_*I4MY3T0G\*!I
B


M/C\*7!&99%7-78_4*\O.3]%KI&)QP/SI014\\C148(QH?#E@FP=C[FK\6
ME647W($XZ$C-7$7'.:=_%R:7,V4H11D*1_=11]!4G '2DR





TQ
M Q^;K2@X'UIC&D+8&
]:0QQ8@$BN9U%HO[88N!MP-V1G-=#O!!%8-W@ZG(Q'


M9CY$J./1X@?U%3Q_$/4%&)+2VD]2



O#\Q






49P

M]:I$

M&:=A-BJWWA[5BW6/MDA/6M96Y;Z5E7&#=-SWJX;F%78K==P]:WM$ .G1@CU_
MG6



M

MAKEYP%N)%7D*VT'Z5VLFM:8\?[F[W'TDRI'YUPV2S
Q[G--V'-+H7M.@ADCN

CZ$^&W_)/


U(


M-5Y+@+DD_E562Y8\*.M-(F4S069%8Y/:H5MGN)V=5X)K/!?.2?SJW;3
@ R0

63_ 'JB0+WI&DB






](I&<9I.X&<\






+Y/2D A)VX%-+'9C/UIQY7FDR

9


DX%2I6/(.._%,6I$!ZK




!ZC!JW!XT

8TQD;

M5YV*#*HV?5/PIE$WPVTF3&





M#XPU!.)8X91]

1V
/C*W;'VBUD3W0Y%:

MRGCI34V
]2AO(Y!F&X5_]U\U96[F3J?P(KR9&*'*
5;U!J]!JVH6_
=W)QT#


:
M;GGK36;G%=)DAC'U-


MT3'7'VA_T^#G^


MC)HR0/QI#!C[5$#GIZTKOWIJGTH F7)8&FL.^?RI%)SUI'SGDT /SSD#MSFI

9RN3ZTYV 88ZT ..



FI
D'^51OU^7O3F;/6D %N*

4SCL:0D'IGZ4[N.,A/ %0RN0N ?;FG-,H&,=*I/*['/0]*+


MY=CG&T'\ZM(QE
L/=DIC.*@+
_\ B:  .0
^YIZJ7( [GI5I)&;;9&(USDG-
M2QPM(P 5C]*O6^FL6S*N!]:OBWV+B


M(A!^9?QJ
*3V-2RK)##*QY!_2F




_RR.*85/I5_:.XHV+C!&:=R.4H8YZ4HJXT'H
4S[/QD
M&BXK

M0#I4MN?WJT#6YI;A5S2S_ 
32W_WZ




_
PP!7*?A6C?77GS
P^Z.!

M[GG! +9Q2.P!P

 __LZ3A(?
NYYH2=O(IF[YQ@\5
MZF?@T3_S'_\ R3_^SIH^#!SG^W^W_/G_ /9TU3D+VT#S.1R%Q3(V(4DFO3V^
M#I8?\A[_ 
D__LZ5?@V0



M4_X4HV/^$C_ /)+_PV5&_P*=S_ 



M@$8.XEL^M



_
M^U*+

)



_^U*+



?_DC_ /;*3_A1G_4Q_P#DC_\ ;*?)

M]B_X49_U


QU[455@/__9
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg24.jpg


Y@0E7FC5AU!< T 3T5$DT4N?+D1\==K XJ6@
M HHHH ***J6LXN8!* 1\S*5/9E)4C\P: +=%5IY1$FY@2-P4 8Y)( Z^YJO/


;LC





O$!D *_9#P?7(Q^N*

M5#N7\R

M^TIC'4J






MJ[2LUW3^YFC48ZK?LQV@727VDK.J;&=W+I_=8L21^M4=
TW4-(NKB%(9;.6
M0R1EIIC]L8.:FU+5_#_ (5M&N-0O+/3HW.X[B SGUP.6/YUPL_QF_M*5K?P


J@FW$+1A.O.



M]3M9I=0EA@@6&59#(3(I.


M!Y5EHY)



0P=
C'8


0VZMA[PJ?O'_'


M /55+[3Y&I_9I7R)UWPY]5&&'\C^)IMQB-+L: 8'('8X--#@SM'CE5#?F3_A


GB.ZBSQ%;)^99C_+%/M9OM&O7




[9+$XR2?6IG)+0RJS2T$H
MHHKE.




M*HP._0 5S\$EE?7\D$^F);7C_
UM.H*R@'JI['W[UJ:G]ONI8[C2& DMBP9)



M+



-N



(;\;M3
MT0?)IWB WELO089+ ?D_Z5ZY70=*.!^


2)M+./=6*G]*[.AG';4SKJ&_AD
UG*LBYRUO
?E/\ NMU4_7(^



V



M%MYA%*1\DA_A]ZRJ14H-/4(OWBA'IXLK





M$


MM/5688TZ)_W$7J'8?ZP@]0.!W)K!^)^M0:QXBM+:TDAG33;;[-+)$H$;.&)*

?








M?3\DC5:QL8MD#X/^


MX_G:U78+J0R2/M^6VA& 

M

H/.R


MR&*X\9)\GLXNVEV^R_S9K0IQB^:6O;U/+?B'XFN_#L[^&K,P3W$/=WN#NF

M9AYD!;'S9[CWQ_*KND*^GSMH5^/-A*G[+


=Q4G+0'V]5]NU
W/@JRO8

M?O_S
WXE7B77P/\-S*P(E:UZ'

%&?US71'5W

(],F\FSO8'34;8'AY.JN![GK[_4UV_P!*=54H.$4F[C;N
M[GD7QN\5+I.A1Z!;R$76HC,Q!Y2 'G_OHC'T#UJ?!SPF/#WA!;ZXB7^ID3R

1QA1Q[ 5X]\5=2T+5

(I88R0PV

M9<0R*XRD?/@XQC.3U[UH:'X^\'067V5/$5AA99-@9]IVEBPZ^QKGCADK=K-
M/[]#9UN:[\[FS?V[ZOI=IJ-GA+J




M?LZ

#-)D

PX


MU=F5+O488^@%I9%
?4A
_K7U D


M1P#_ 


+O


NI3*PWG;T3'N#Q[\GH*[K3M/M=*T


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C+_P  1 ^ (
# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P!-05L


M=5 MRHW=

X43A1NYW$X('KBH4^9E<BBCNK;Q%=QPQW-

C 1S8\MQ]TD]LUYK;:GM@;3[%C
=W*9RLB]U^HZ@

MRMSUJ7.%-51GO4P.$-


K'H?AB VM_=7US





AOP

MN0]_K+/!@EH_

M6)JT&[5'PO X X IRL.174C@;N[DPYIX QR:B%2 GBF(L&DI2:;G/-,8=*
M*!THI ?.F?D%(3\J_2FY_=BFLWR+]*S-$(
%QSV--9@
#VZTS=B13V -


M.B?UI+6Z^RQ:CJL:I-#IT?F-&6VDJ3M^7W&:Y0-
[X
C'/&
UHZ_(VC^ Y$8

?#K
M4S!XJC1^%NT

M?W8_&I].&;EB3PL3?X5#-$2:DTLA\]?F5@
K646WPE03\IXSVS5Z?+PF)NW(


;V]^@_FQQ22OEB:M)'&WS?,3[T\A^@&![4[-OP@%7
:E
2Y7/H*D<EH6SP<T



M/J.H6UI+IUK:S63VP:)YGVEMPSNQCK4%S\
-:FM8HS#9Q-$FT%&)W_6NU\*7


MVMG1]KLJD=JJZ)LT5]@QTJJ%*RD*



!ST-
\!6?V[Q-'
M*R9AMD,ISTST7]?Y5ZX'S2 M+]T44U3\HZT4/FQC4ML$=MKC)7+*/4^E0N<
MDX&.3Q0K^7*DF =C!L'OCM4


V[<'/45NH<JL<[ES,
MRS,K*48\$55\YXFR.XY!Z&DNHV@FVDY4C*-ZBF*0PVGCT-(P)DD&/NDTFTE
M2I[=*KLI5L&G*[*:!#UYW#U%1=\5+O42 ]J:S 

M??\ WEZ8_ _SKT

C1G\O_K5Z\I]Z!%]3\HHJ)6&T44/
MG1NOXFF&GMU/U-,:I-%L,1PN PRIZBKUG8K=7* '*=21ZL[L*ZO0H?)T66:


M@'Z4V.(ALAQ[BJ
T:WA:0P^)=/+=#


__ !=(?V=K@_\
M
RQ?^ 9_^+J+HM
\
BB

?SKN(?V=[


3VITES;26




begin 644 dcsa_10kimg26.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  @&!@<&!0@'!P<)0@*#!0-# L+

C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C+_P  1 2 *P# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#O@M. YIV*
M


MF0?\\_N_G4NJ9F1;0







M.[LAZMV-Q+8^=;F1][VZ
-V

M438]JM$#_)J)@/2K1F08IC#@U
13&'%

M


:\9DQQ]




M/_5K]* 

H
$5T 8
V#Z5ZIJ4$=Y9W%I* T4ZF)\=<,,?
MUKSO0[*9?#L^E3B+,3RQC/7/0?D0#6\8IH<9.+*HUV\D^:\9%(P1Z5J6^IW

%NP;!3L3]3
R%8U([L!7<H?W47
M^ZO\JX6YY0?6NYC_ -7%_NK_ JI@R9N]57N-DJQA2Q_B/I5AVP0.I/05D7E



MHC$UN?O?ZK/8U8M93
P$D$B
I&0ZY_4UIR@;?G2(Q#X(


KN)(^/

MJUQ=N)3&-T9_NDC';VJ];8@NKA2P.]E*DD=E%-R[%N5TD7+8J%4XRV
-R/:E

M.:8



!)%<%N
MK#O]*A2REMW=H)
J2


MGN/6LG4I


M_P _YS3IV




M




!))[BE89+GA#L[FH)

TA;:!(!C.











O(R.H_.J5

MJ?;/TKE]4D9/&$2L%&+)N%_WZN/D
Q[ICHUG/I\$I5&971B
L/\ /]*V/#EF



MT
WL***=3X4W%UG_ )![_PX

?_9
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg27.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#E'\07NG2

R/G!]JXN.X*/N
LC\8^8YXJQ%=1(RLSR$
M YQBL/81'3:A)2/0DU7[3$Z1_


(LJ

PWSRD8D

HX )]!4?A;1;#1=)AMK&+RU #.QY:
M1N[


.*ZOQ9J2:QKVH:@
MD?EI
X(3&







MGIMK+'$[))/))*#MZCTY]!3?!6AS)XSEM;A





^3[P/O3PS8Z4
MTC+#ZTX=_K2D716A9; LE[Y7I44*@*'[U;EFC_L**!47S@^XL!R1CUK/C8J
MI!YJCE1M::?]-A]2U6_%4A6N.NX]/I1INJ*FE)I0T^V+R7*S&](/FJ /N#V

-8^G
FZ-&F0$M@IMY(^M2
M27
*Z6D0M
S





15
-L(+(?]G-6(88 (98$8QD@EW]?2J4D[S)$K Y2/






\Y/Y=*LC59-


63AR!^1-5 TT9^4D52

MRH?#UV^0ZA


M#(4=*73KEK*[ANE_Y9
&&



M

M;*Z=






BK6KVHRM
MQ$HVN26]F_\ KTFF
&O[-V ($H5@:A/4J2T*WV8^:Q*G':HVA.?QKT)M/TZ4



M6LT3

X'(%/F4(H
MW'!)Y&*D1HHI]N0(?NL?ZU



J& ;J
M6(4$?UI-70T[




M-4SH&F.=RM(H]

M9O+BDW3'8J$Y_K;+,K81AN]^15:Z6Y6UG\W;Q&_W6_V330SQ&#YMIQG/) ]
M*NKAHR,;5^\Q SCZ\#V_.J-N,Q+[BK@F




MIWF

G.2: %+;D
M8M






@7Y\9[BH;IRRLJ
K@@@C')R*K6*E'





K#DU6NVT/<0%2.OM4E&C#*&0[;DE?1CS3C=
IQO;BLTV)*@PR1XSZFI


U?T






end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg3.jpg



M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TW^T-4_Y^




M;)27\ZJO:7B#@9^AI78['1?VG_M4AU%NSUR[/


M_A63YV:3S:!FG_;5_P#\_+?D/\*:=:U#M=-^0_PK.W^](30!?.MZC_S]-_WR


P[11KC\R*Q+OXN:Z^4LGV=@64
W\JMV_@'2

&J2 VM)UG6?M

4FK7$VYL$RA 
?@H



M3:@-JS0V2
V
1*
_G2;BMQV?0]WF\6F)4)C^.9@!7





MXHD&?M4H'JRJ/Z5P\OQ#L;.(1+J);:
?NX\G\ZQKOXFP
#L6[G_WGV@U+Y1Z

M^+?$-PVW[0(=PR B@5#E ?+
^@SXMEC'RS7

)5#]W;WJ[;K







MP#4Q&09F'6D^T5N?:M#NNK1@GU^6F-H]E.
P3X^C B@#(6X]ZF68'O4LOA^=

OH.3$Q'JIS0



M4AS/=SW!']U3B@G93.TP

MD

MT+$J9K

^CPC[\DQ'


^!^59TVM^)+LLK
0;9(URN[GK6AEK;/(D-Q)(A/&2

MDL'[I'*N





@5=*B.?S8^5QG::SM\3R%P
;L_*.QJE(31



M1
L[MQSDGM5BQLI+T2QQ3[5C7)WOC=[5 ]E)DJ9U+D9QV%3KIHBPPNF)SAAC
M%*X_06W6&WN(IW&V1=J\_=/K68%5-RKY;A@1D\XK0.GK,C223E%7HAYJ$VB
M;2#OV]^V10FAZLK11Q&V3=\S;OO9Z@=L4,9/+:.)6V]?:D*I(QMS$%55R#T

'RM*RQH
!5/7ZTQ+8CC:4KQP!W/&:L)%+
ZL[G:.N.M)''N1&+80YX
M/45.DAMWWQ3.N!U%*X)-C[O$49-NI)VG=]XCVJA]C0.V]BPQD K#W4OD/-


 F*6*5074YW$Y.#TIC

M[&

MS7):MXCFO%:.

MDA
X+?X5UMEI=II=E]JO2L4*C.T]6K)L+_2]'@24LMS=G_5P1G-:5II=YKEP
:WI$)*PL9G]$K N[RXO1#;[$/=C1



-J6I2-G_ )9Q




MB*&YD=XRN

MSVYK.D%W#:HJQ%$GPC8&

M[CC SR!5.?5+*V*8F\W)X51R![T\VFC*%6[U Y50%4
 *H2/I


 D8(!]ZMV=Q

EO(
M8VV

M'::(611N+. 
#VZUI3W:

D9=
MU;:O/.TB1P1(V/F()Q_WUBK%AI:9/]IZK(589V0D#\\59U:25WMY7+S2&/#X
MYQ58@P9
F!& Q_SUJUY:36I?BL_#T5QN-J\RX.6ERQS^-)=^%]'L;83?9V
\(2H7*R+U ]_6NG\7)ZO(UCD5P5)...1S6


%
MEVX4,,XJNFI222-)$47S%P4CY1]*SWMQ(H (;'3-6M.C62=4A4%BQ+NW3B@
M8UB=BA40 ?


M&4MSVIBD:%V(50
DFO/==U$7UZS!_P!RAPGO6EXDUP3N;:W?]RIPQ7^(^E4M


-6U%


FCFZ8%FNKQO7D+_A7H%KX8L;7]Y*J%O4\_J:EEO-$LO\

P]TTDI7D!VVC\A4MUXZL(
8_BH'8V)YD;T-4Q<O Q:%V0G^


M?R_PC))K*F\318(@MYIF[9^4&BZS.M_MJY'WG4_45')KOQ);HWN.*XJ36=

=5)Q+?L

M6+1MOW9,9)JC+!:B0FXN]XQG+ODYJ%+FQ@CC+D')*KU_.A7$TNHR34-2NS
M\\\F/;@4L%GYG[R3+8Y8DYI7U=-P*6PXZ;F_PIL5]-.[QX1%*
2$'M19@FD7
M5MQY8


MH+:

MNQMA;!RQL

K*
X]C6*'NIF
MY:5E)_A!(KIH(M-BN&EAN([8 @&-3\SC'IWJIJ&H2ZH@M;56CC#$
J'9N'OF
MGH*[

D@W ]
ML?+G%9EFX\UP(@QWEF?'2M0E7T2-5P&:=NIZX452MI)@C+'A. .OUH6PFM

M



MC')Z8[5868(


M:)IS+

@V(H&!PB]36:^O7.?ELWQVKPC4/%^JSSF2





UT

TVYT2_L+B&WT_3;


M

UDU?*B.9EZ35
MKV3CS=H/91BGV:W-Q*SNSNJQODL?]DU3C!./K6_H\.4N 6_Y8R8'_ 33L(YL

3($.!QZUW7PTTV'^R&EDL[1
MYOM925YE!98\=JZGQ/:S+X)\0!(66!7;:57C:

'BOX(B

O+ZW
MC\@1_=PQ=B


XN



M2



M6:T=I%5)$.1G.%]:Z(_C%VN9[&-=&MMV\%I)OUXH2X?!6 #HH[U8O6


.%0Y;ZU5DO+F&[1-FT;






MA200KB

M0V]]@Z_C5JX6XN&5&C.Q?N@)BNB\E$C 5%4=



$-%D55?Q)C)

M+0J.I'&;I9
FX1L\ /UIWGW+-MW0




&4D;2.WTX
MKPO9( Q









E[9X\Q(DW1G QU[
M\5+&7]


M4(

Y_V1FNCUW5)Y)-.U(QP^=/ SL&0
N2Y[&LS_A(
M=6QA;QHU](E5/YJN(+;1M3FP8[X/OY9 _6NATO3+FQBN9+I8X_W$F%:1=Q
M^4]LYKE);Z^N/];=W$G^]*QJYHEJ\EX\O]R*0GW^0T =1X+U[3M!TBX%W?;&





MX X[=JK[CUIZ L

TA;/% ^_@=
TXG'/!H&0MD'BD0MYB'.6WC'
MYTYB#SG\*L:9@ZQ9@C \]
_G0]@6YV.GR23!7^8MC!*K6R5O[Y8PD$LVT%?+

K%A\GKDYKCW.UZ:H




?E+#?L]Q+\Q9X\(OM[5DSPW=M#*R$R+MP&A?(K=/0R:5S/N_EL]-

%8AE/)8]*@D

M3?=DEM9K;P?+

MH:[B7D6X#%$TT;!=SKN^8Y]J0W CQ'Q(J_=^;I5.*:%GX0N_1BQZ^U3VL*RS
M%'4!0
EV; 6JL2M[LG.J3$; $0#^%1Q20ZE=H^X7/E*!MR
=/2J9N3;WCF&.
M)MC%4R
@_G4T45U);LLD8(_@P@SFDTRU)+H23:A(RL99-V3@%SG(]:I7-S*5
.U0MIUZ/E%JPCSD$D#/]:$K;1!:Y1-US\TP_N_=
M_I3+%OW3)A.R@_K20Z;<MD+ 0O^UP*E.B7FY5FV1IDELODGTHM<5[(JO/!D

=V3)O&T7_%-2D8_UB?SKS8,XV#?'P,#<,5N^
M*V:UU<*LC^2;0L5+<$[NN*S9$79 \D2/N3@YHYU-)CC!Q;1%Y1 !S23Q_\

M#5:N$
+A?+?@4V:.(,378CCMBJLETL=SAO./&




*G1M

M*8E4 B*KZXZTQ%#Q
S2Z.R9*@D'..I[5PJ1[
 AX_ONP\22

MT]'17MK90@/RXQ@@C'XUH]S
\HU'1[G5/$%MI=HD8E6':HSA5 )K;B^$NI'!

MI#DM[QQUW\+?L

6\O6!M84W1.I<#+


MJEWI5\8_





F4




9



M'''*5#2$DE=_%:;$I!MB&7



M4XR_WOK[TTK(B9
2

HAA5F/(+8/UILLLB;BJVX#+AB#@4D
M








M^6\4A)

MW-D#\\4:6TYXKVH YJ]:Z9+=Z?=WB21*EMMRK-AFW'@*.];H\WPNI86N(1





M!YZ=/:F






:'+M@_/R1WJ2




ML


!F

-QV %=8VGZE:\V.K
RCI'?)YBC_@0PP_6M;$*]SSKP

M=M?UVZ6ZU9Y'25KUAB.121@)WHL+0\UT_P .^(-3:36O+

M4$*^1H[8'+-_P!\UJ^!M%6^MKX:HDCUE%HD8D9$94S]Y1C/7O5(4CN? TM


M@

UJ^4C4U3_8







:8*M7-Z7?W12W!+
=A4(
M?I70H)I)F/


M=1!<P)!&CWJ.44)D@\XK5/

 D'!KG
M7F+!
.A()Y ZU2BUN2VF/CC-Y-Y$84]VX[UOOX*UJ.S
L:)%$J[@W)K M)C
M:S)(K\9^88KN!XMFFLH?]%F*E0@?/&12=^A=.,7\1S?AVUEEU6.*[4'#9PXR
M/I5[Q+I^B:/*^^(7-S/'N$9^54]^/Y5*;.
O)/-(RNW15/2LZY\+:E=VLNH
L1PJPAI(XGQ!I5O;JK0A?-'WG P :['PG=6\7P
MT:2ZACF$TN59P#][KBLG1E=O$]G]O
+6PW;O


;EA;;/W;9 ./6O-]?U2;6W
MF$L7DY+&/#9'-==?6$

36@6

H1^)-'%MH6^2$_96S
@Y_.F^)O$


MPN4*D2(QR?PKF9[2TEN;F19UC4-^Z0J2V._M5B.*UMH_M+33B$'##;RX/H:J
M'^SY)4\EID1SR''(YKD=K6.I73;0S;;Z:)+B+4$ED9=J@(596K/UZ\U2[\.W

M721


9+C/\ZW+&\_XDD5M=F(B%FC1






M.6XB7APH.2AP

JMB%?#VFW



K

M)#L*!@WMGM6L=C5[GH\
K76G1SLV]I9(26QC/(KJ9=3U@V


$MZ$]:IOIU_9ZQ'I&


8H8MO$A(
MSVQ@8JK?6[6
:WD4MQYFDW?D*&F+*(MH!('8_
/RJA7.FMGN[@7&_5)+
1S/





8S7/V\ZC3H]I!/F*3S6YJ!C?


\\TH7MH5.U]22
MZT.:YOII+


MB5D2VF9\15X IX('0]:T8;-;NVSV (6JLL

@V#K[=:%%QW%?FT15


-DQO= 2J_7'(JO=3,_9U+:HT]8TK3]72^AO!(@_








MKL



:QP:7;HV$3: !_6L34;Z*XCL


MN$FERLQ/D0&



M(@5B
KE!*-R8S;DU<T#JUC/<W



M.-[
M22T
N[LK$2B)=2+_+O)
9'/H*AO?[




ACEMQ)%$


M\I1E'W6=\8.+U1-:WT+6
I^PKF
#
B@UFS3IYF5M8HR!CY1C\:V[/4XK6!XH
M[2

MNVE?Y5G(YSG%=BNI:=(I9]-0


(GC?;^]8@+D-Z8_

]^O/I7.0:9?CQ1?ZEHD
M


&#GAAU^M;2%GC78


M]:LZW


)4RHXP


MV'UKA[37XX;-HY&G

!=\6GVD(;]S'&2HQZGC]*W-8N]M]:1EOE+?




M65S

MHKG%L;Z&\_TF




MTJ)555DO






1
M97.
@_


M*YQE1FA:CEN0%;9

M[B2S'![=C6
VFV#HQ:_D'/4PC^AJS:VEK+I+7

X';!J.1O#WD
MR-]NN57M\F33]X+Q

MN3HT;R




MCM9+:[(O

?\ =SQ*5D&) #BO2[O8D.H2R;5CEA(QN!QQBO%E
MC@$Z2Q&4,IRPS@&L*D(QUB=-.3DK,T2+%SOB6< GIO!&/RJ_I]UIMB6NTWF

MSL










[!^'%9OB?3K?3IHW@507C
M5GPN.2.U62VZ7']Z+^E4?$UU]HMK!PV[

*$T\6,;6
\(RNV21?*)Z\]Q6KX7UR?7M;^TW VLEN%VXQ_&3_


MS8JE%-$MM

O\Q5RXN8I=I




M^#%

@CD9#^A
MI-1U)C9RVS7*J6(/_'V77\C0J#NMO;



M2GN)Z



:UC\N
ARPYPXX]JS[F6=6/F!MQ[9SFLK%7.FLM-3^RSJ4FH!8
MY4!(\LDI@]B.M=3IMA:RVD:O?DSL




'V%
M6B8%8-K2$]#GIBJE)3CS

M45B '=

G-:MJJRS#SIU5!]WC.:Y^[T62.YCE
M:X21$E&-A]33=K$ZW.\M92;/3F; 'VAR



9]*KM:II5S*OA



<!
M8MN/TK,T,/5/#-I%H\6I)&^QY?*:.9-KJ<9SQUK &EP^8/(DFAD)P-AYSZ5Z
M;=QM<:2YU:5UL(9C<ELC=,G_ S5?KG'X54T^PMK:X;5I;:-+&*X4Q*HR2-F



MJ^F10Z:)]+O27C&909R=PQVI$O-+TZ7RKOPZ82
$K

M!J\TM[%-IR)8QHW$8&1[YSZUZ#:ZE#/82G4CLD880VR

MO2C!(;J7@S1KVYD+Z\P;.=HVDUS=[X TEO



M6Y/^KW?O7/T[5UOBFT=-&AT73XS;JH#HL8Z #G/O3-;\16[:C;W&G/(3&HQN



4J^8I
5=<Y]JU+<R7-E')





M^88R

EDBQQ1O@D]% %=%M#)7

IH(1\LR_*N1O%.NC&(T1Y@&R22O(S4$++OYD&T\*.YH
MELW-!((GM'WO&9


65]Y!W9'K7
PM) F8V '<E648(/M7$17689CD1.&RH
[)GMU-6(M8N8GAB6
MYGW%\L$N1( *IWMR@FN?F.CTG4!IMGJ\T@'DA2V


VTUH0JR20J#\P_2JHL7^<++%MSD
M9-0]S1 4BC0*DP9AP



C_GA*

:_

-II]G!&TDH6#=%&I $K$@;6SZ&N[F;


/Z456^@'_=^
&'0B+&![M


MY

?L/PJV5^;&



UD_VF\$4]QY$\R75DL;AEQ(





M7U:$] W3_@9%5=#TFQ@FN-4UN3R;&.5DC3D&=L\C ZBF(P[E+_1[IH+E&C;&


Y3[1I=S-NN4=O:09_E3IH
M-+=UM:P$XZ Y_2NJB^'NEZ@A;3M?6;_ (K?R-9E[\.+VVN4A6^M6WC*LX9

M
T?LFE^=YCZ@4 /*21[=Q]S5B_M+S4K0):RVGE
U;3I?M?GPF!D*D1L3


M/I*-I_7C]:Q=&:ES;F]&O&#+OA6*75[UP^'C3J6&179:@FF&RD@N;:$A
 KM


 _-GWQ7/QZ]?2W*JL[E PPHST!S7?1^*

)WC)_^O7-W^EV_A^=82DC12+\LI3K[''2NF

.N

\$XNTA/6)B#[$5G._,[CCL7=;L=
M1<EFMITDD +&-,KBJ^D^$GU-IA)))$W #[-V!ZXZ5KW/C#7[U6:6%I8/NEY





M[Z6!)5\J


MGRV#9Y;=V]*GAN+/)

M^M/

M)%N8W&0T74?6L.TO4O\ Q'9M&&&/E^;UYHDK+85SM[D8@MCG@6DI_2O+1.ZQ
MA&W!5.0
8YKTZ\E:WB5^-\=H[8/3BLS2M4T#4M-B353;O=/(S

M/'FZF5:5NAR^@6;:OK-O;JP7!+%F&1Q7I_\ 9SVUQ'=SR272[/*DCC7:L:]0




JRD 98
M9Y _PKR#Q)A]5N'!!#2$Y[]:]



M5-



OWL

M[D\UKZ9

YK09EA\3ZP&8*#N SW._@5J7

M8@NKRZEEB



M2XB\3^&TN3M

H?S'ZUFQ:CKY@.JII0?2P&*)G]Z4PP#8]@:?


M;A+BV5LX!+)P
^YXK!T^[?1;.:?REMY+?3W

=<3+_HMBQP6

8 ^@Q7*6:-XKU][C5+EHEF)42!


MNLBPW26QF0\

M'\

S.V  .#4NE^$M(N[5M&O=K7VFW!9F3@
S;H A.!7G]W:O973V]S:R

XKH--\(S:AID.HM*K-,F0/NT+X@M+I DME97(





PO)&K@L
M60\ ?RJC!:JOSQ
KX(.UOE(]36S%87DD4\FGR 










Z\BHY-0=X_FVJ1V'3(K 56]Q6S%Y%JOS OE1D%


M(P8\'G#=:M6




M^U2;
?9O0[I[BU;C]XI^F:R]=U:VT?2FN$+2R
=BIC')[UEQZS)G+Q\_2L;Q





MW8^E BQ

MIST(_(U \
;Z['.77]S-&KPR==[')(/M_6NANQ

M2.YU[6HXI6NY&

M?&




C0W


MY/6N?GUC13=VKZA=F6S2%GEM(1N\]Q*Y56]AG-5?$'CJ^UZWDTW2[/R+-D.]

M4US
)KN7][
C8;'4XKH]#L+[PGI(UN^\J33+Q DUF#\[*W0^F:Y&RO;BQU1K



\L.]@O3@D

DG\;1


MJD%IIMN\4VS?.$E.%ST 'KWK)TC2+W7KDVNGLTK ;F%P@*J/=NU1^)+IKOQ)
MJ



M!QG_ .O6GX.\(JVLW6D:ZDK26Z%T59/E(['/IS50BTQ-JQQ;B^F.9943/?.Y







MLMC$LH89Z_-D?TK8N[Y_%&NQ:E(C6L)3H&RV!T/XUEW]S+[K)!YF#R2G#+




MKF36MCF99+=[I95MVC5W.Y$/W!1.MM

MCY4'.

9E/RG/917
M*V);[42W]TUT7B5(8+)5M@6/ :4KC\O2N;T_/VAAZ+6KW
F;2-D@4\\
1Z&H

M!)_&K

1D@8!QFGU$1WT21W300N?

$$G J\;9%MVG6YV8^^A& 0/ZU4MII RB2%) _0LO\
MC4R7









8QGY) .5'\Q4
K%1M9LCMD47$$882K((YD^ZPY_R*DMKE+O

++GAH\?
![@]*S
M?[

M\/VJ*Z



C!S]3G-

MJ.QCN%DWF!&.!D$53\37%I:::D*(QO Q\J5%*JN3EQ@]L]/8U:EM=
E\.VMY
M?V$UU((HHT$+X?G/3UIB.E\

MN)&7H'.'('L
@520




/'.IQ3SO':V?[M=O4*/
ME 'ITK&\#0K/XXL6(&U6:7 Z# )'\Z[#PHALOB!K]G*


M6]L95!
UH2A_NN%R#7/^ [^73/&-K$6*K


I#'

MA]8\:76KWL\=O(T%CY3JD9X



MTFIZK%X3T4:%ITBO?


UGN--U&]O?#FG6ENEO%;.1*%Z2KT

9T16B)+;;,T0DC40G)'&

M#57$C+*JR$#&

A
MA#S/LA!RDP.2.1CWJXQ%)Z7'ZO.J(76CD9XB.
$^H)'I67)+I\DRC

+:HL61$)#@MU/N:PM-










&)_*8DC^!CW'I]:=Q6(GB$B



MZ&I!(B2OS-WS1L L%S*([AAD\+)T!]C[TLL4BR;A(Q_P!GM3S'OC*L@*GU
9&1Q@8(^AJXU+$RB<GH]RZZ

7M
M]!9V 87%L3*SR,%=Y6YRISR2 !6.UY*^HI<RP!)XY@\Q P6;/<?A_.IM32=
M(O/CWG=

:
';(^(K:W@\RV62TEF)A8@[U+?IP.*2VU1QIC+*&U72=
MFW)'[Z [@WSCOTZUT-K#!JVKV.J65RCVZQW,97OMZC_T+I3$8*IXAMM9N=*L
MM3^U)!)MMX RLN <<@^M4[G4-.%S]EU[PTL4V S/8N4.#WV]*W[<G_A.[G/
M_+7301_WR*EB11\2;3*@A]/7((SGY:87.8U+PW87'A_^VM DN)H(W(GCF'SH


W
M5^
+CWJE+:77A]/[;\.SR7&DR';-%*OW?]F5#U'O5_PYY-C;ZEIMY'D6=XLS
AVV!=S/T_0)+K5KFQT;6B+JW+8#AHO,]2I!/Y&MC^TO'7A









M*;J6








=^))O-@1E4#)$:^E95K9O;#




MNH\&:M8ZO!'I


V]

M




]^U0V4CTSX1PB/5-6;RH58PQY:/O\
&&.OO4!D\F0':2/2K%U:SROYD;@.OW1Z^U4XY5

MD9R3T-5F=%YC(93_  CH3[4(1#(B@CY_E(Z&JDL1BD4JK;7XR.@^M79#YB'R



\1P76R;S8KV02$#Y67)X'O7:^#;V&]\0

LT9P'F8?*

!W4#[X)P2?7TIIV$T=9'I<L$=_


;HBQ X_45VZ


PQ *3&#PI(R1]
U



MP!!%.M6^U^



KU(D+N64!5&2



_A6B

421R2UB (?





HF?H5;!SW%6+C3/



MF0'[0%):
:D2T15P@ 5CR*&U8+$(M5:02$Y]C5@( /N@#IQVIG^J)4\CH&I7D<
M0,4 9LX^E3N,AEA9&:2$C)ZCLW_UZ;$L4REMOS#J.12Q
[#$GRGZ4[[$5;S


M9
; %]2:-0]3.DTLP+A5WPDY*=U^GJ/:F'38I(P54



U\FWNHA\HED0_.H.5^7L1R/H:T?[.768= NV4'SH

.5!(GU(K4MY+694LKN2S2WF+);HGG
M 28.YSWV$8Y]ZW6NQGL</]FF\L2B,[#(8U/JP[5T7A?4]2TS46T_:?+D!+6U
MPIVM@9(QV)]:TC#';V&GV]S$N%U#SOM4)SP)YY_A[<&HM8BCU[Q'J4Z7PB-




B*R;A@^N.]
M:VG:JXL](LE@)CM)GFCN'7^



\1[_7%;'A.R71_'AAB;=:W=LTELX_B0\C\
MNE+?09I7FMPWG@UU/5',%]O+6KQ#YC,IP!V![]J-%\7^(]0TX7@T.*]@!*
M

K_P J/4M-D8+(



MB'7T=Y)&$DP6.





!^!JA+HTJ$B.<'_ &9D*G\QQ5V.YN8G





M(

$?_H344?)8]8


M78PSG([5YSW.M#7+-P1Q[U3L9'AN);)CA#\\6?U7\*OCJ5X/&:S[FR^U6S(A




M@\J:C^T2P






G/!8ZGON$D\LHT<J@Y+*?4'L/:NF-126IDXM#[/Q+!+IL<4D4L
MTT3?N+)%/EN^?O.W\1SSBJ6Z5);C4[S4A:7TT*RP^2

54^QZA8:
MVUMHK?:$)^T0%0


M['3[6+54M?F9;Q-KYR#&&['N
UF?V





M_BWPE#;7T4Q=X=)=FW.J[OLSM_[(3S[5W5UHJZWX2;3XI4)_=F.4=. .1^%1


M!^E;FF?#;4)+8SW4\




#)[#]35
M7N#T.#U*3.L7I.




4\9Q]:51NX'_CIJFMRPQ^[\Q?7&#3U


8*XIAH*BA


CMWI8[JY@8^42
]Q1))' F]'/'4=:6&Y2;#'#*/;!


M $DW


&0



U)6AGCF7;Y#';( 
8/8^
M]*KQK@Y&35QXT='A

MK




MK66/


MKO2X[AOE!CN

.N
'@UNI7
['??8+J#5-6T:^DCE?4[5KE6C7





!3S=2M5W)O7
HY4]ZIW



MZTP1RJP

&0D$<D'-6HED,B89D[[1@&IOL0







#&




E

JW]*G.YNU-4!3Y;+R#D$]Z$#*%I(=.G\MF




MY2_MHGP0Z






M



MZAMG+K:VMD@$8.-DAZG]*P[B[MT^&%G! H62:[(E']YEYS^1%9WA;Q =!U0O




$
-W3/(KTG5]*\#Z%E)Y;
MBZN!_P L8ILG\2.!7'W5S8WTK1:=H\5NAXWR2L[#W]*5K#O<NZG=0:E*;X@6
MUH;=8HX'<,SLHP

MZ


M&DWJ9;!NY*Y[5
K* !MJP\:@$

9_P!FJ_D Y\EP2.U
!K*&'&#[4V-&495B
MO..O-2%)0#O4'Z4T



-1=@0*
MUJ\P
3/;2'J&&1^=:

M*-V$XR/8T[WUCIQ+\1 3I^M*GD*
R(1GH0N0*J1S3
Q7S$+ \QRC:?SJ['



M?
0ZXY&*(X(;1\1Q-VYY[T,5H %4 ^O%3PP+@ ';[@-&0-^X'T(XJS

M$DF6Z:$_-&BYYY_^O189'Y$

MI2GR9#^[F0-C^(8-2
B7FIQSR6GE[
I
D9-P7YL



MU-)O83T

)B:65@?X<
MX'YKMUIMQIS0I=!5::)9DVMGY6Z9J2UT^XO1

M;!$78@*[?N




&!.V.8=&/H?0U=QD#@X]:K
$9#&T0=3P5J+?/IXVLQDMCPLAY
?U]14[@
M7R2O*C/;&::AD+G)X/11V_&K-G82WZS-;[7$
)F?YL *.I'K4.0HR#@4P(A:
M;GEWR%XWQA&&=OXU!

L
MQM+B_N(K:
M) TTAPHSQ19@9L5RER@/&#T-/:% 




MLF BF/\ 
?2JGVW3Y=$N;'5Y6-]J#&[D:.



96:.4TB)
MM3L+S2/

M.W&HZAJFEVT_[VS=I(86^[(
X./0XQ6UX8\*P:MX9O4ND\JY^T$1R$?-&5&

1N1T)QM/Z@5T/A

M--O;G3+I]/EU2ZLK-R4D: ;AZ9QZ?2K5[+;:IK&D:5I7F2VUKMA1W7!D.[+-
MCTK%U/(U.Z!/25OYU-HNK76BZ@+VT57=5(8





M4:QQHJ(HPJJ

L$+;'NKAL(S


[0?E#



7
M_P L^


4J.-^UPZ

#IG*_D:YE)KF
M #8[E0.0IS^E$SRW$089++TYP:5AW.F-ISID D=T;'Z4'S$P@E# ?P,O.*Q
M;*]EC 2Z!X'!?KFM6*3SN_YN.


T 1*)(F(D.3GGU%*RJQ4%@R



MPO+

M UM1SI5Z3T_U38JK'







R7

M
CZQ%;O+/IEW
M'%&69HV  ]2:YO4+)9(E;<RLARK*<$&F!Z)K7AO5M:M-$GL;031C38D8^8J




WEXR5/'3VK*6





*KZ_'!/X;\/131B2)K60%


MU0NK8&





MV_ =@.FUQD4C312(05

MQ2 RI[ W#F:

MD
1*_PLC&#^54[K1+F%=UG,+A3R!T8?6K5R66$'F@1S#GN1TILFCJ

KO'
MC@

M7[O^(IH3-Z[6$0@R.O/0D9JI#;.7AGR!_ #TJ831S.B^7NC@JW0TDVGK)+
MY\
@BD)Y'K5'B2Y7! 0D'OW_K
6HI*Y7!4@?-@TL*MMVRJI8C /0BH#:0#
M@*2WJ20?UI#N65D9S\C X.1FKR9
7/?F^Z-M:7D7-JNV*3S0!TD
M^;\JIS^3=L!?6C1J.CKD[3_.@#I? 
J2:QJ4J*!B%%/&/XC13O 8 UW4 C;H


@@C.$W




X+-Q6C[HE;69J-JN


KJQFD


%U)ILXA65EMI@55@V
9_@/^R:EG41-POOS43QB6)D=01G

M9]RDD#U]:-A%V75KZ:%A+?731L
%&F8@_49K





/H14#N[





M6%W/9;EN$#*?NR#H?\*O9S\P.5/(QUI

'-8M]:T
M=M


M^YQ[
 ?ZU3\7ZC:0:#?V3#-U+&FWY/X=WK_2K&E.%\3Z]$#P6AEX/JF
_I6%




M@$A@6'?BD:T=)(@H[X/:I&6K:)TB!








M(P(/&#V]JKS:3:SL9$3R)3P2@P#^%+T J7K
P\X11S;1RA7K3K:Y@:';):21
M$=FY6G+IVHV*
NT7$/8KU ^E-ANT *2'RR.
$=:=P+C6\4Z!T()ZYC/(J
Q%






/



0 && F7FFW?@/7W
M=;BWA@^T1_=S

;?

M^_RU')X




J_.!*/SHL(Q[VU
MCN[?RY%S[CM]*R&NKK3#]GN)





M ?
F?F3/IZBNC;P?K0AR\




@Z*OXUUO

XVJ
YY!


MC:5A'.$*
ZN


-N:FM-9T,D
MOYDZOCD^42%_&F*X&\$#DR(P8G\#[U?@O6E52FT8Z'/6LJ[US2@?FF+<8V

E?X60\55^S?-(P4D9R O(Q

20

M287.D6^\J)EDD.S[V2

 ?C3





M64+^8/\ 2C0+F:7E* 38;:.H&5-(T:7*E8I/WAY$\M7_A&=:W.OV:+RR./

M'4\50FT
R*5:-2

CRQ$_4
O'YT72)-GX;0S0W


MRMB-#

!&Y;CD9J_6=I\BS0N49'!ZX.:N8]F'T-4M
MM1O5CZA8!;M&_O9%2%@BY8_G63X@N[FVT]GL^;D8
2@9+?0=Z!/8V:I7$1D+
ME$W

OR9$


M![U

M


M0_[(I]

L!@$D^]!BC*


M+NMW3


MB8AMN#DBES)NR*Y7:Y#;Z;--\QQ''_??@5?\BSM87V+YTFT_._0?042SO+R
M_6I8--FN06;*I@DLW]*ANVK8TGLD4+0L@9$!+

&8;8Q\J@^IKEKXGDGR

5O

JVPE15*?
C+$T^2?*.O&_=1#TR*;9N4G1LX*LI

M34M(#FBD 4444 4K3_CYG'O5RJEMQ=SCWJW3'U&XJ*8?N7_W34U
D&8G_P!T

GYU%

J5D&TXK4F
&




M-I)'II&1C&/K44MNDGS


HSE\'AFZ

M
CD=ZC)P


1



9W+_C6C%XS\.:

DFD_8ENEE4'


G-9T)04K)W9=:
N2^R+NBZ))=P)




\U+-S$

2&3PQ



MZ$ TRMT

T8/J:.?4&@09%**3GN*;ENJXQ[T@)**9N8
M=4S]#2JVX9P1]:!CJ***!!1110 5%




84AVF5RAP


G: #691OQ?ZE?H*=38_]4G^Z*5V5$9V8*JC))/ K4@23_5M

P^85-'HC1ZW;V4X9/
4-
MSUKN++1;73SF&%2P_C;DUC5Q
:=O

M*LQMF91U9/F'Z4[7AMUZ]'3$IJI%=W$)_=3.GT;%;Q::3
9)IV(V5D;:ZE3Z




MWFIQJ1M^)WN$B'RCFO


MKD
M9P@W'UIT5I=73#((!Z#%;2Z/;6*C[;
L1QGRU^9S5M=5^QK&=.@6$LV%ED^9



)]\?I7?Z_9RP^$IU5XVB$:D@KAAT[UY]IQ(N


MYHIH-+F@HG_ $I/]VK9JHO_(3;W6K=#![B4O\ A0** .=;AV'O32.*DD_U
MK?[QIAICZD#]*J7(S;RCU0_RJX]5IAF-Q_LG^5 
X48\[3ROIUKIX.37
N-K
MV'&.3_
UTL'3BFS-;G3^#O\ D8L?]
'_ )K11X/.?$7_ &P?^:T4+8;.7U-
MFG@.!AY [!!P2.?UK+TG6]



'2EI**0P/0TJ4AZ4J=


M6



MX]A5+[%&E[#8K/

!I P.0=N:SX[8-J)G(SM7 '89[TN

9QR33;Z[M]._?SGY\81!W



M)2 *44E+VH&+1BDJ
M:*!YI-B@D^@'- EJ1=*Z7P]X0O=??<(8.[D9/\ GZTV3P[)::#<7LZ[64+M



M)TH.3UU_
[J4$IR278X'5R!\0;

+?$<+E%_LVR922
E2PQW[
MFLKP)H]E?WMZM];K/Y2C;O)P


M;3V=Y%'-LOE*Y1YX]C ;L8!'O7H5MIL-OEG+2NW4L:X_Q\/].L



+1'@L$D:5%61LJH^\WU/I3Y/$VJK;36)OFF


#5=#4RGB@9
#2TP&G9I 5CQJ0_W:M54;_D(
MI_NU;H!A0*** 

9
MZ!$/^)0!R<U':J4G7#MMQT)ID=T3IZHL3X_O'I48GN$E78%!(.QXK)WYD:]


1H=J4=*ILL8DVEFV.
*0YX-

MU'O02R_154HI=E6XD4CMNSFJ6J







XQ


*Y&E\37TC1M&7<':W4<L45





M7'55^1?\:Z&STS3]




\H_6NX0UF]

!:!UHHI

P&/K6];'(KGK


M
B@+D/V6$?PYSZFI$MH0O^K7\13JD7[M
3(V@BQ_JU_*C[/%_P \U_*GMTIU




D3L=B#TQ6EXQC2W\+7

J
MCN]3=N

M6TRYLE4;I82ORCCD5Y_
/]!MS[L*]3U[X8W5C87-S'*;F& LG## [BO+I1

'UJWF@.HM.%
S2YI 8UYQ=R?6H3@#

MKL&^]^-

M@[_D/Y_Z8-_





-P]Q3JCFD\L
M XS0!6O;






M%H\

TR&UED=+*!
0VI?[W^TQKSO7_$KW;G!V1#Y

M!+2-T1I';;O+'&U?4UW?A_P[_96M:IIIEKY\8CFD_A4JV#FKM]IPNI536G^
MRJFH)_9]O HF

MYE$GB30[J#S;-4\Z*=EY26)4 8-_M#^8KAP26 'W:V-0\7W]]9MIB[(K:6.-
M;@ 9



M-

JG/(J.(3SJ@0L[GPQ]?QIMB
M2
^1I9G+R


M!VJBHQEZ(I^



M3-
4:3I. 
JFUW'^SW_ !J_J_PZTS1[%Y=-

M?F'0UT'A9%/A73#C_E@*XC6?+L?#MW%?:C!+?RJ$2'G W Y/OQ56#X@7EAH
MMKI]E;1H\$80RO\ -GW K2IA95*7)#O^@XUU=Y]OU-CX@JJWVGG  \]3G\!

C^




7;#R?I^9O@_XR.OS/*S;614!QD#)IPME



UQ(B]PF!7332O[T%;NSAE&3]2YJU]81V5Y YFW^

@V3C[LGYBIAG'-%*.E !1110(*BE4.54C/

%P.
PK1U35[71XS)(RO< 84=
ME]@*SM6\2P:3;&VMMIN/WD@_B;N?_KUYCJ&IW%]<R232%AV]/PKKC!O<$U%


.
C)F;:S!1]

M  G';OCZU.K&]#6O]:6'4;U96:6Y2_D*J3]T&+8#GV]*YVT6\U&Z:*))K@Q1


M&2*XC6U+^*[]01EKQ@/^^J].TW1=3M?B%



MJL5IX9U^RV7IGEFG)C@3=&@/&6/856U+^V)? %H9YX8M/B1%B@C3EQGJQK%M





IKCC7PU*7NKFD^INL-5EOHCR32O#^I:Z#+:
MP*(E;:9< 'Z^M=-9_#5MZ_:+I'..5C!//I6Q\.8E;PY<$@\71[^PKL9'DC@

M;&K =
MUKG[9;VUUV3S-0^T LOF*??H*Z$MQTKCJN5TY.YV4^6UDK%=I/X'9

_X
MQ7H_POSNU




_D*LZ?S

44D-GAWAM=W]G+G@R+G\R

M5E)6/4%;(Z4HZTP?*HQC%.'/:I.IHCG)=?TJTGW%^E5;@XCQ[U;7[@^E$]






M784G&43#6R-I%
UQ


M4^N:DMN7?R
'(!QQ67IFE7VK3/%:QYX8!VX4=\9]:ZXPMN9WZ(QU-QJ%ZL2J


J+C8Q_E73;-Q'%5)

M/MW8O'KGY_&$OO?'_T.O=[$^5\1];G9&9(].MQD#&3SQGI14;Z!32ZG
6*



M-.I\LNVZ$X!]

P5F )&!S7J



M$SAU/;/0BM27Q%9M;&


H9?ND9%8OF23.



MHQPR@_=-?





^##?\ $XU1


M-$U1)2PLG9

'N/2E+&O


G^*FG3+\VG





M^IQP/:O0_#?PYTRQO$O+Z1KR9
8C8?NP?IWK7U?1=(@@GD:QMDWR)&OR #D]
MA7G5
;!/EIZG=3PDF[U-!OAWP'HFA2K=HK7-YC_63




M-!MN=MWJ*Y':\?\ QKE?%7A*




1



MO-Q$Y3=Y
W_H-=J\@D<[<\UQ/Q.!&E:;GM
M.W\J


&?]J90/S)
MKP'Q=;-_9^G30RE&16.=W/45QC:MJ&?*DN965CA@6R#7FPP_/&^FMSMG-1E8

1T]J\VCC:*YGC2_N40=1YC#''?ZU7A

M_=J




1-RU1Y%\
FJ9H6S-D]:GL52ZOH()) B.X#,3T%9/FFIXG
M.X$=0<CZU?+;43=U8]0AL[-$6*V(4 < G26UL$9)LL.X*YKBH-6OHEP+N7_

_\ D/ ?]
'_ )K11X*_
MY#W_ &P?^:T4D-GCGA.%I-6LF .U!(3C\*]GLR$\/RL3D%&)S7C_ (%#'Q I

7.


<X.W
M\*=I:</'-D-)DEDL_.4IYHPP]C5Z]^%WBXO/M%QJEI-+(0Y+ ^G/%7++P





M.0V/YUPGQ \


MJ

M-7T1=
_<Q;Z.6SN8UV
ME5<=OXAFFS2JJL[)U& 02,5I7L86ZMDFC;##.T#)/X4R_M+,*=@N@P&61X
!7I_PT6%H
M]0

MJC;EP2

MGK3]EE#)(T
TD7FKAP1G-=FUK;L?FA3\J@?3[5O^6*ULL7=ZW)]DNAY1XLE$
MNJHP??\ N@V,9Y-8 !KJ_'UO';:WD8PI@!Q^)KE:^@H-.C%H\3$*U60=6
)[R/4[B6XF60E7D8G*]L9Z5]
M.3*V^%9)WS=S7FGQJTK3'M[*Y5TCU
Y5(P.9$'7\JN#LR*FR9X=_.G*.*9W




XC*E\<B-0 #A=O/2I[#B
M_P ?]
SS^--EB:-]KC!-.LCC4
?]
C_
4H;&DMS5[?A4$GWZF)XJO(?FH ='
M]ZO
O'//BS2Q_M1_^A&O3(OO5YGXV_Y&_2QZ
G\VJXD3Z'BMH?\ BI%_Z^__

R^)4C4$EKO  _WJ^CH898M(AR&\LJ.HKAQFZ]




M8
XP*;8Z


'' )KC=5UF6ZDD: R0QD%0N[!(/K7M=Q8V-YE)HP[L



@9Q410Y




CD



'-2FU:9]'L+FQLT49EGD\L-_M<XP#Z5Z#/XO33'BM;,#3U&%6!00$_V1
JW%R



$7.
M&R3^%?16F:2D.EP)J-XUS=[!YTK$#+=^/:OG67P[JFA_9M2CS
(WW@P L4V]
MS[5]$V.IP:YX5M]1MV5Q-&N=O9^
C\Z)VDDT$5RZ
NG3+-AGS#]=PIC:/9.N



M $

!(JKSP!5#51BS/X?S%-.[3(DK)C6ZF=Z4_TI.*&
Q]2_X^


MRY0UFT49F7+

8'
-+<H(57!##;SGC



MQR-LRI50
SZ'F-






K 89E#$


MDC6I2DE.%F=



M[L

MATC_ *8-_
MF*R9RR1B
M'+J/3.<5I21$H]3GOA7K-IH]AJUU*1YQ9%QGG9_^NNW/CJ![G8DBLG0<YQ6





2#=Q@'FN2\:_R71[:&Z
M76IKN)I-GEM#A@OKD<5KVCIIOARXT2)GAA)1XG) 'J2!U-<]:5E[O4VI*_Q




12)]Q


@RI%<(Q%POR@<]?6O0FC9K_23Y9($F=V/]@U





L3DEF; 3(ZU)X/C;RM2




#R2.&:1BV.I

MU=HY[5%3@K*PI.[N
ZL!ZUU_@26&UO;B6YEFC1[=U3R1N8G(XQ7(='S[UL:7

MR[


M:LXR]Z)E$Y.?6MCP[=?9M34.$

MVI:.+!(!&Z ^5
!\P;U)[TZU:$%:0J%*4G==#+N(=+2]5$A5C-'@B
Y4@_R-
M8EI]ILM6$D
6Z-9P!NZD YZGIQ6-=+
MN








GB

M#T/?'MG-?1GC!OEO5+;1Y)^8=1QUKYCE&Z:0[BV6.&/?WKS(1UN;WU9)]JF9
S+AO8];\9
MRW\6F(UBCL2)=JYP
=ZX3PK/?:@MY9WEQA)1B

Q?UOQ#'HMU#8V[EY
MXT!8N/







M@F680M


DC1.S 9)SBO#[2V-WJ8A#;278[L9Z5[1X0E-K\-ED5P&5
M2
CEZPQ$;Q1=%V;-Y'(N;!
- AF#



_+@X

M)-:;B7S;KG/^S4M@



MZ+@[
N.
&F;YO#GU_TIZ'.SV)LSG(YS<

]HT=


$[.[9UU8RFUIHAT]
MQ


MDC-4&\
Z1G_CT'_?1K4GD+NQ/4FD9LMUZ
M5Y\:M1*RDSTO94WT

MS




:VPO
M'J
5\_A1C[QKUKXR3[=6N(\_?#I7DRUY--:'M%!ZTPK4^/?]*8P'J/RJQD




]W;S8( R60+U_#BO
+



8X0R?\ H1.*



:H)951!A0N1BN\\



M0RR*V^$





MNCD'/KQ65*2




Y[G?\ @;_D/'_KW;^:T4G@+_D/-_U[M_-:*0SA==Q9
M^!].MHES$\&2#ZD]Z7P5MYJEE%,T;6!=D!XSN]*M^([61]$L(DB9T$2C /
\.'5_%^@7,EQ-'%XQ%/%$N0<^QZXJQXNU'2-<@C


MVT9)Q:T.
LK.\UCQ&VBQ:F8/)8[YI9I 'MGDUTWC+1+;0])L9;4S3L4N'=



Y


M_AWJAX'TFTM-.2^BCF+3J'&XYYZ[:[.R!DO5EQ\JC.#VK#%X^55J$-$=-#
M 1I^_+5GD_QLL)([B*^N(Y)1&2?NYUY&.O2OHSXJ:'+JO@Z_G1V+VQ%PJ9
MXPO7]
U\X XK&F[HMQLR=2

0:_O_X2#4/
.9/M#[CZ
W6DHH .U!HS1WH :2G 4A&* @T44 )24M% 444O:D G%
M%&




!IPI#3%?[AJM5A_N'Z57
2?<]JUO&[XU*UMT;;^[#8 ^Z *
MY5=*U#J-2B8/SEU4G\S6E.]2A<5OJ92FHUIJ3[&7-%I=R23XCU/G^_:LW'X
M&H8]L99\QWE]/'C)VVKHWZ]:Z.Q\.Z])+(2J3*_*N20/PXJS=^#_$
Z;0D





MP+JFMQY
]C=1J0#_ 



R2:.X0C$T



SO
M E55&7R.C2?









@UQOQ3M!=^ +QCRT#QRK[8.#^AIQW)GL
M?.X-.%
'6G\UJ0?0OP?^7P# V!D7



M';7

M
HV


M@5YQ?RG_ (3SQ!8QV-S?_:\$):R;&PN&SD]OUJ4V5RHY:V\*ZS=1QO'9E5D8
MJOF
$)QUX/I@YJ=/!NLLZJTHK7P!RXV[BNX'(ZJ1WKL8=8\0ZBUFR:'$LQ
M!G@EEG C9'8J

67!^\NT9+#&T*!
MQCI3N*R


A7+$8+8[5+H^D7]P62PUW4!:K)
M+'*TT 3!Y!^;/!; I78[(HGP'9VCNUY?2RPMO$36X R5B\PAL].F*J:+X;


MID 8J\ND^&-)EM;.\:*?SFDD9_
+*5&=AX8#ICC'-

MO
M 1!'/*4CFF!Z










V*&UCT_P ]
MT:4E2Y? [^G:L./53A6[2- 

D
Q12L.YU__  L34XW86]M;1P?(5@(+*A5BV1GIG.*


0E+24M PI.]+2&D =J.:*2@ *%N0133&PY(H


M
Z1J3KO54E7U20&N:-)+=FSJ-[(VXKV



M



H!K6G&G'X3*<IR7O
S4^ZWT
MI#T7Z5/(\+JQ6 QOG[H/ %-B\DRA9F=$[E1DUNC$?8%1J-L68*OG)DGL
BOI


K
MD9Q^%7B6QU-1N.*=P,N?1(=3,9&JKB)MQ2,CD^AK)U3X8VVKMOFU*8*3G:N,
M9K5L/#%B@EE,9WRR%R0<5:;0%W@PW5S%@_PRG%0VT297^&_PXA\*^+6U&&^


MR !CMCI1




4D\!D0@IY\)_@)^9?





MX\_(BY^]@X_G4JZ+J+VWVA+.9HLD;E7..N?2K307:M9^;.D7E3[8RHR4W'.
M[W&:Z1[U8F:_P!;O)Y)#\XB(0



1UPN:LKY
MD;;9DD3ZJ0:U;73; #='XHMXW7]U(#^@JX^C://+F7QE Y(Y9H)#DT[
I+



M  P%\54AUYE.9(N?]G']:K:I?PWIB

MN7

MEOM-LQ(\R2VX;#!D!SFN=MTM9ED\V4Q2

$8.!

IXJU)I
SP*8I$D('0'%:&92TF$7.KVL+#



MO0[.87=E!.&_UD:L/Q%2S1

M!]Z:*6D
DR!31WI0!2  =/6I8T.[5&_2GDX'6H)'&WDTAV+%LY6/''6K0?)Q

\/Y_M$\Y_=G^E%:1V(E




X)VPR$8'0X[UJ]C..Z/:/&4_P!G\&:U
M


M)[@].




$C9T'7L.U6F8R.7U6[\VQG5F#94C-8=@ZQ6.'_B8D5MZGHMQ;PR

M01N Y'UJCIVDS7
K&%:51S&W!J@25BA=2F55DX!#8J'[9
#D9KHET&26!M





G@#-
Q2C(Z&BX$ODR8SMH$9XWY ^




7EE

M?GD4Q%G2I1%KEI
1+*$A

M)DD2:QGA)(WQE0

A'/O4




IVYC=?X?\ =.:K,TX=EBM)I#G.<8%<F?#FK6BC[)KUW$ /
MXWWC\C4;7WC'33A+RVO!D+)$5)^A%'


M

4MC@'/TJVZ2MD<
M9^E5]C \MG'7BF*Q0=&=3@Y[$8JA=::=PDA8 XPR.,@UM,.]5I1[9_&FA-')
M2P)Y[-Q%
O6



M[M6C'I'SA)58$GO4[Z/B[E*M]*!:&-YB#UH\S)X0G\*TULU!XCR/0FIEM8V
M7. #]*C'S*PXC_






MT).#'T]30!G[?.NPJ@#/&!5:X_UA^E::Q[=655&



MR





MKJ44
2QR64


M2AL\$#%*UQW


M)1?0M-=3C4\

MA9U^5P






T30]/$6&LK


MS1M4G@#\J5QD19R.W_?51/NZ_)GZFI]H3=M'7D\4PC(XS3&5V#=\
^2





4^WF@O) A:=7/W=R_
M*?Q&:CE*N5I(I IS$B#ZY-5O*WMS*Q7_ &!BMK[(R2E6M_F3N6XI_DSE=P50
MW^RM5HA:MG.MI;2

MDRL)!'J
BBZ[BU

#V+8KJS!/( )-HJ*6WAC(

M
1]D.?5SS^E

MT(ZBF)%26_BW9\]W/?:


16N=8:[0HD &3RQ Z50C98






M!U$_:+C3PCN3F2+*9_H:YZ?X8:.QW133H#
MTR0:]0U69+RY2. [+2W&R%.V/7ZFLJ6 ;B58 XX7---DV3/-C\,( 2R7[8]&
M04Q_AM' 9;QMA[J@.!7HBD

.4\JF\%0V

.4&WSCRX^OK4R0NA




5!*RQG*H3GVI\S%R1
1





W



E;4IFD#02+)'_=:K
M
.J

MRW)(B;@CW%%97@2TD@\0
ZSK)&;=N ?=:*.5!=EH^H'?FESV--8A6YIX/&:
MR-A!]?THR?,G.W'7%*#GI2F3G;C]:8&A&OVK1WBBR7@EWLHZE2

ML

V



=R?P
_MHGF









CB

]O_ *)=GK&/N-6.=
U'2KM=A:-V

%6Z_G2NUHAV3W
!;


F4&TK6W;ROH?-A</(!S'(<'\!
MWK)PL]393OL4Q/'N.^

9Q4



M




M)I^@O4H+;3R+RBA1_%NQ5J&U\GYG*/GJ N?UJ=2)E+;E;U!&#2\KC,,]ZER
M92BBI-;*RY6$1L.C$9S^%4S'=E\K,JG(&=O%:Y+;0TA7&



MC=Q]*0X[R'/KDMS_A#V/+WS,?0@X_G0?!Z$_PNB/UBS_6BPN9'/[H
X
@+

#VBQ_6ED\-N^UOM2?+V



M^-%F'
CG(]Z1$
V6'(+?RIJS3L_
(^I:NE_X127_G\3_OV?\:7_ (1B0'BZ
M3_O@_P--)H+IG-DR=05'KQ3(Y'
ICE_XRC@UT__



M]


M+
J\_C7=#P(5?S%U#:Y^]B/AOKS4%Q\-DN%9A?!)#Z(2OY9IBVU1R


!(/ZU'=_#4R
M_-;ZA'#MZKY.1^'/%*VH7T.*DMXM/D
T%E;WML1D2
S$CZBJ!U2XDDEBDC5H
M)3S$HQM'M7HD/PWO8&S'K







MX;A]30@#C]T1_6C_ (5_
OW=10?]LC_C5J





M

MFLE

.
T\V\+D&2/:3WC/%=\O@%U!Q?)N[



MK'

 /M\?_?H_P--_X0??D


<Y3FNT'P^FR
ZDF!T B( _6IU\$72+L74DV^AB



begin 644 dcsa_10kimg4.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  @&!@<&!0@'!P<)0@*#!0-# L+

C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R


M +VI
T8STH'2D


N<U9RRBXNS0_-.ZTREZ<4'#K2]J0&G=
MZ $--XIW7O1CWH 9@XI.U.I* &$4TT^D(IB(/6HG'M5AA43#BJ1+*QX.?2M


M6[C^M=5X&\2


MA1EZ $CG\:Z73+WR7\B4_(Q^4GM_]:LOQ+&MK=0SKP$FCD^F3BIJ7L13WL:^

]





A]*\E=WFDS)(SM
MZLQ)JW:Z/?W6!;65Q)G^[&0/SH=%=6GY'JWA[Q!;7VJPZ3%:O'-:KNDD( #

MEHH[4 -.*KW7_'K
/]@U8-5[D?Z+-_N&FMQGD



M5GJ

MGJ* .XH[@5RG@GQ%?:JNH:3K


M$NF_:A_IS;M^X#KZ
.


M6=//\0Z]JVH:B^#(\5VT


9?$.77E\:Z



M;B:WD:Y@C\R%RK %P#@BHT^&5BT:-_;_ (BR5!_Y#^E%@.[QC((Y[BDR:IZ
M98)I.F6]A'--,D[1).^]V^I[US?C37=3MKO3?#OA_:NLZH6Q.RY6VB'WI/K













M(S^?/^%4Y60ZD??;
_1?#\VK?Z1
_L/:F@1V<;7-T^YVYYZM[8]*Y;6]5F
MOR2&*!3\@':B
26[LV-0OI+EEQ\L0. M4(SY-V
_=-1VERMY9*XYW#!QV-*V

C*SE@LDN 
_P!*RH[C2;=L1+$S9_Y9


?%K#CB#3KF3W(#]:
MIZDYUQ4@USA$
)WJJR%B3[]J@NM3?\ M#[





\+
M66CW9CN/)MA!+@?)(



MP!Y)^OYGBEL

&@_P#8+NOYBNP!K#NM

MW%2UU;@
.HRXY%.C\%:X8DQX]UD#8




PCL

ML[C;[TD

M62


/$-]IK^(M6TJ&SL;M+L06$
M#;I'0Y7)8].O0]^E






?Z
M5











:?!_NUK(4CIM&W?9'^7_EH

_X4


M:7.*S;'5[:]98P?+GQ_J7Z_AZU?S5(Q::=F!/%

MH'BU:21!T3M]:MLMKJ-N8;N
-GO_ !#Z&IE'FT.RAB'2371DGA*_C%FMC*XD
MCE&


M#R1C;(/4=\UEJGRL4[7YXGF_Q!Q=6^B:FG/GVHY]Q@UT]AKLHMX;:P027UQ


ARN799&EE#.
MQ+$G-0





_D:XSQ]X@-



7/:@YI/Q

^




M!Y#$]\=Q4NI^'X;!)ITD#B&-7*

G);V]Z7
[&WLJ2DD=EI


&



Y^AJPUUUP80'DW'8!.#1S=

U6B\+ZB)=\L44Q[[[OBNV\3RO:+:78MV
MD9F



3- ZT44 )52\_U;\_\ +

MH1K*GGK7HVG@_P!GV^.FRN.O[
1W/F[@#P*[.R.+ 8_@%'-=%3C8Z/1?\
MCS?_ *Z'^0HI-%(^QO\ ]=#_ %%49&;QVI*6DZJ(#K11^- Z]: $-%!-)3
M&%-.

MV6-1_$F;?K5J


(+$CR]3E=1_!-AQ^M='9?%6]3WVGPRCNT3%#^72I<6
]3HXZ5QUI\
M2M!N !
;BU8]?


TP&ES3 =FESD=:9FC%(8[ZT ^E-SVH- #LT




M6
 33[153:JH






RDK[7YJZA# 51E0[LU-$^W )Q5 +=;(

M'Y#Z8Z5


M#]X!(BD]Q[UYL=#O)979;P5O
_BRYQ7J2V[1VC22W)?:0


MKJ[5?]$B_P!T5SVIV;/('+8Q726@Q:Q+SPH[5
))K0UJHWM%'^AO_P!=#_(4
M5+HW_'H__70_R%%;'.9&:#Q1[YH[4R1
\T'B@_S[T=^G6@0GIFD/6EZFD/6F
M

$](!_


.IZ&BX'%$]Z0&M7

M9GYIV:MW&CW

MU;X%U#;7:CN5V
?RKA

M(KHK+XB^(K




M!2L

O/44^XG






](DKESUKI/'#9\3W'L


MUXZ4Q%?3=1;3]8M]1V;FBE\TH.

8JL^BRR
K6
J7

^/6@Z=IUQ&S6<]
MP%BF2*2:?;L?=W7'(QZ'M2:K<:7?B,V2M9BWC1QN







M
N].*^:(I7MYDFC.'C8.I]#FOH[3KM=1TVWO(SE9XUDP

M9%+D=^M
Y[4O.:FP7'9S29HXS2=30D [/'I3J;VQ2].E
0IZ
MD/2COUI#TH 0GBHROS9J0]*;0

M%S^)CQ0P##:P!4]C0#THXSTJ62BC/I$; /;GRW7[H!Z?0UEZE>7MM:&ZCWM
MC(=1T[
7S#WQ5O3A_Q

U*
M2&7*D$=B*C(_.K1FS-L9&LM2FM VU)QOC]
^E6+2SM?[4GNH8(X&C7YV X:0


3GY+N$Y0_[P[53.K7.H2F'0[)[D]YW&V-?Q[U9M_#\EQ(L^M7;




M8U%?W

MG-/'TXJP-/G27YBC,.#@XQ4C6TD:EF7@9)!JKHFS(8BJ
%W?
W('K4U.BM
MECA-Q




:+T8O(M0N;J*W@



^


M0 Z6!8K:&5IT

M+:VFLX

\3;%.&=?F4'W(XJOFMJ?6+1Q
8H9MWER11I@*C!L9=P.AX)P*Q
TP'

M+JGF%'C8]2C#IGN.AI =TFMP227%M+;7
4S6\C[9X]F0J$;SCL#\JKT'UKDM
M*N=432(Q:6D
D:S^3%
#,
MJ;&&2%/3!&.*FC\66\WE2W%A*3!^[WJQ(*D@DMZ'<:I'Q'9WL




?NUQGD=



-@'-5=1;_B62?[HJ\OW%'H!

XPW0_0U?:H)H(YT*R+D4T)RON-*JXP
MP#*PP01D&H9-*L9)/


M8DK;#EL;1?\ 5&:W/^P^1^1H-K

MI=[:EKE-)S%=01W;RF+=\L@4#AAZDU'%;V\LWFJ)&BB/)9\^8W916)=ZN8]0


MS]3G-O%#






YC+WDI

MQH Z.VT:!+&Q





M/)ZTW)HN ZBFT9- 6'@TM



#.
]Q

\MGV31.IJH.E.3_61@=W4?K0,^D8V9
MX4<C!90Q_$4\4Q!B)1Z*!^E.J!TT\<^U5[^39;/R0#P2.U9
H92*EK=]M(I2K1JR;W9A]P




T --9MWUK2:LR\^]5(#PC6#NUB\;_ *;O_.J)ZU;U [M2NCZS-_
U

W;
_-MZXK5TFY2VT_
M5V\J&4F*(+'.


=ZAM=-O;
MR(RV\#/&#@'(&3Z#/7\*O6&L

ME8V!3?;FX2-
-'(6=Y?G##LH&*P\4@CH /PI: $HI:* $'6M71]+EOG:X^


MRXN+;_6(T9W$D$?G6)#_ */
)8@%=3G(&/Y5JOXDUI_O:@_'0[5ROT.
T ;=
GK3#P:.HH
M Z5-2TN
%SCCZ<T)XHG5=GV.VV

MX[E+0L'1[?G/!YS[FM(50T0?\2:U('\'85H?A0MBZGQL?GBCM0

I_.E;4:-'5?^/0#_IHO\Q6B36=JPQ:+



MGW!]12=_K2YJ2D0F\AM;V&V:/8_*JD8X/'!7V_E5ED


:



MH$%!H-'2@!#ZTWO3J3VH 8U95[W^E:C=*R=0)N?135(#P:ZYNYF_PFC?SJ







AV;D!C;[R[C@#/KWJ.P0

M(8K@


]^* 
M]'G2W69W0(03C!R
*3_2IG




MA'R@\9'ZUT/_  D%K)'(99$WB58B@.-R_P 1_






\@V



MAD+RB-G+'Y5&36=-(LMY'+$-PV9 SC-6+K)28D?*5ZFJ


,G_74_R%%-T$_P@R?\ 74_R%%!)1[44M'7F@0G;K11V











M/UHK




M]I%


!]:U+.









M+C48IWE3[$
D1Q;FD^;:



MZV2.;?;W
.

M#



$#;GK]*

5SNP

2. 1^.*5=.

^F: -NYUR)T^6)VE*@$YPOOCO5%-2E03%
H[RK( .@(!'


M9YEK?.B-GAEPOZ5G#5Y5F4VD$4/R%-JKDD$]ZCEU'4%+;YG3S!DJ
#(Z4 0'


O7DEVAW;KR


G






+O$%EK6K_:K33XT=#_ ,?!8EY/0^V*VC#FT$I\IZ=;6&@Z=JDNISW


CLQ/)+9S7=^$-




%SDXQ7-2@I5KWT

+&#YJ.1O4CN?45T&D7T=[9RV\8^5L\GKCIVKP


MW^PIM%R5V+GY



G_74_P A13-!


Z.T4T#P
M8_O)N_B%6+*]MM(6ZDM&GENY8##'*R!!%GJ0.23CBH-+T^35=2@L871))B0&




WU.QS):C[!IYGDFW@1M*6.S+=^WY4
9SLVL74DZS


M=@SO



M




#K\W)_K5HF.?2HK1S';@OC;WX4?F:$

M)B0[%;.


65!DL=V!U^
MM8_B%((Y(%B.60



QX'/- B@.AS46

@:BK

V?PJ2_MI/)WJ5W+R

:5


MOKN2[CLHP(Y77&XL.PKE=FK'3&32&#XFS17-U#+I4#2P'#E'^4D=P?2N \:W



1C


C9QAF

/?Y@/ZT#-

M+2-'74[6YFDG\O
M9F.W4#)DFV[@/I@&KLVHZ7-;WT5S+=2;[F.0-$N//+CDG[O/.:JP^)+BRBM
M8[!!:I#



MKY7!F^[YIPS#UQV'X46Y3/2N@O;[3X=/M-.@U\FMX_FEC10JRACRI/7( K



M0(BJ


'/;%



MUK.@UF6*XN9%MS()IF?:%VJ4Y&#^=%@&C1M20?:II?(


#D?
MQ;NHI;[2K6UM&VN\TIR!+G*C'/T]JCBFLK2*U
JAU$(( YP3G)'Z4 6)]8\V


MW2:9%!&);ZYNKD%0T2G@#N*LQWR[\:;H


MMJ;215F::X:4[6.2VT=/SJ
:6H$HN;N*)HV VDY)'KBI89]



@CL*[SP]K=




M7V


MQ\4?94/[NWD64%OD38!UR.GI[UN_VS=7L)50(%!Q(X_E4N&JL:*;41=6N=46



X )!QCW]JU



M\BBJ0





MEU3%I#!)9P3& %87D)^4$YP1T;GIFF#5;K[2UPSH\C6YMB2O1
8QQ3=/1)M2
8) 5V]B*SKDW=[#'<2H/W8%N&/#.<
M\ #N1FM&#19RUS!JMU+EDB


EN;%H-4GLHY%E:
M.0HI4YWD'I]:W9Y-+CDMA*JP.R8N8)8P7(Z#&.%]?45A&&1-6=;LLI24M
2=

 \_


V#E02
_G[5DC.Z@!]%!XHH 6-0TB*

MGP63('S8R#^ ]: &Z@=-\E!&L







Y.3[F
MD%Q2%'?Z4A;C &*T8]&GET;^TVDCB@:;RE

M#Y'44Q
A?K2

MN[.-Q=G?JS&DQFZ



MW





M_5G\ZL36/P]


M_NG=6;Y?D)!/MQ706T0N+
S6YA*PQA!;SJ (IO4_W@1D]: (X;Q7FLYK2WEF

)O-7[V


GN23ZBL8=:!#C2BDS0QV@4




MAMKK4(QY961&6







MJY:W%RZ%U?4-.8Z7=Q-YJOYB12QY$#(PWO7J^C?2?D6H2ZA;QPR+YFV1




480G#R%F+=36TZ



MQS

MK
.
5)I
+2ZBP0$8C8;@/NYXS51W$SJ+'2DU'3+4S)*D7E -\Q#2GN3Z#^=6
M#H
@+#(\:CHN 0*UK6'R+*$



[(3B2-L'!Z$

E #-HZFEP *7%)18 %.6C VDUO7T.GVME





XK1?ASI&G%9+I3?7 .=T



5T_AS0;NWC
U[*095 \ECG '3-=AI7AF#3E\V63S

MY!
1 Z8 /?I5O^R=<L7\X6T


2=N!_&WI]!2UDRN9I'D_B6]U?1)%@GO/-CNE8E5P'7/
M7/YURVEV$$^HPQPS3Q
22









MBL2RM12XXHQW%2
2BBB@!#TII.:=2'- %2ZXB/TKRCXE-\MB
_Q

MUY)\26S-8K[




MK@
Q@=* 



W=CT%6=():Z=F)9RO4


C2-HR1OK% _\;?C



(M;6+6]5M9D=5:<CS%^88]Q7HTJ2C%(Y'4<I-HXHS;][ EM^2<G

=PZBC%+10(2BEHH$)FBCCN:3-
 --S

RPM(XO5\98_4]:FXSRW1_AWK.I;9+S%A;GGYQER/]WM^-=_HO@;1=
M&821V_VB<?\ +6?YC^ ZNH6



M#67

MR.W2HU+;^YH&'V


M'+V6HHS@9R*5/YK7#K'F24FKFZ5M6CN@\_GYP 6_A)[4^61AM4*0SC\JX/
M[9XJT?BXM[B2

?*=K#\&KIY7+5 Y*Q9UJPOXI
Y$<<C ;;F/;Q72?\ 3Z1?1D&40R8RGG# S]:@6UT]XH]
MLL;.\ZMO5@VXTU.44U)$J;NBR@(.57..IJ:
@MD'IUJM(IC+2*V!O*@4X3E


+:NF_5[PXZS-_.
MNINQC2W,.W5#QGZ XJ_;Y5N*=Y&/?Z5-'&.
 YK*3.A%E6Z$TXDXIBCL:EV
M@GC\JR*(R6 SFFHY
O0GD5.8RW&.:M16P5%[
Q%2RCTI/]2@[;1_*H6/S5*.

T51(GO112

* *-_GRS7D'Q$/_$T


KL^1DC
MO3TMUR



?C3CT'8Y

M!U.


M;S]WU%-GT+1-1_:+2$OU+J-K#\152DMF0NY6MM9TV]?$5XB.?X)OD/TYJ'7
M=5$4'V!/*)YDE0YPOIFL76M#T_3KF.*TNII!C+Q2D
JCZGFLW0?(N_%+V63
M]D2(2A.H=QG&?;VIJ*MS=@OK8T+73'OWM9(KKR[BYW+&%ZQ*._U-/NIM8T._




DG
MN?2NOT2UEE0W4JXGNB



MQOYT3V+I&:L?/ _#%/5!G&/QJP &SQBGA




^U5R3^%1
UI

^37:W9(BUN/$ 6*$QQ) 1M5-
MI)&1U/O7-::=2E@M9EU!XX_+!0*2S*
8P
G'3VK6DE%NQ
VW%#8M-U309[:Z

M^@RC^\0Q_

CO7/7-J)Y[9


M!T$ ^T




MY\R9CV/I^ XKI\!% 7H!@L8^_._1%R]V-NXT]:;BG=3UI,96M3$8W5Y=.O


5F
:C8'JI!!]*N/'O)Y'M49B. .?:JL3<[K3$

@=\&L?3M;T



M%XHU+445LQ&[D*Y[?

JMOKAB7HD
] DC%-HS3<T#';JYO59TEPB+D;&4@]CBNAS[US6HD_;KA










-;


MZRM=RX9I%)QC^Z/I6)I






8ZKFG;1TQ3RN#BC;QR
M:S:-$R/').
4Y.1TI?+)Y!'/8TH!7C%38JXA0=AC-
8$$]:F//%(5R.::07*



M:



)Z@_-(1].@KU33-$T[2(O+L;2*$=RH^8_4
M]:T0F:38'-:/X)T71\-%:K+
.LLWS-G^E=$J8[8Q4H7%*!QS2N U5IX7M2BC

$$2V@@N&9I9% V@@D



MB[6E8EW*C 8D\UG6L8Z

8-;NKW


#)MVC.!U-:487=C.I+2Y5DN)#PB$G
MVID

M;L=- EG%#L7:@'&





M\YS]:NO&S=

M9)&0P[BF%SF+W2HLY5=O/2L\TULD$9':NSNHF#9!-9DJ%AD@&FI-%V31ZA\
M$EDA\$W,?9;]P/ILCHJ[\)E5?ER-I_X_7_] 2BBY/*=/2&CS8B




M


M8:54!+' JG+/+*

'\6J





MM
B2L

MO*CT9-H13U(&2:D


MCK4L2%W1C(IQ_M 5
EU8DRY#9
!\PZ5DY-C2.:\06:1Z=+S#]\I3/<#UK2\'^&CHML]Q(V



MR'_EHN1_MG;D'4I_P!]F(J^24RP.[ZTQEC8?=(:KC_ #8\MD/J
YJ)MN.J



\5H0RV$&


M&?F]#Q586EI





C\3FM#0]
N5OO-$$@01
M2?

@53\H ^E;6LHTC::D8+!-/A!V]B<YKH[#

M.(]+N)$W855R!G.:W!X

07$!?;V+Y&#CUYH
.-5@B.
M$C 'M45A;#S[=!N+&0;O3'6K[*3/<OU#.3G\:RJ-T\0H<S:2;U]#:%I47)K

M &6?'4



M_1-*TJTYZF






8Q7)
M),\MS[#FIDA&,?,3]*:I06]WZLI01[_ /![4+W4?5W
Y7B_=1B/MLC_P :
:3)+_AFQNEM=8=X717L6
M5XQDY]#7
3:==VRYFMY$'J5X_.NA\.222P:\\C






I%31QM'97@=&5LQ@@C!ZT0ZG

MZ
.15(:C;3?\?6G1$GJ\#&
_ETJ[?V]G.EDL=X(2+8;5N%QD9/\ $.*F6K5T



M):L8F_+D4G?J)6Z


GT34+==[6[


3
0!
H C^48P?2NE2;2
NI6.FS(
SM' /^FK@'\NM6M16
MS2Z7?))(RQ1C$:X'W?4UG)#))]V-F;U S6KJ.G2F]9W*1KL09=P/X13;$-TR

M&WU-5EN[*(#RK R'UFDX_(4KZATW0MHEX 6
@WN+K$)^TVY _Y=(?

(&V

M20J).$W''0=JF^I36C)-4T](X=+%Q=VUOMLE#!Y
G[S'H
FJ072(N6GN;@C_

72VDENKJ266
M25DM)6R[D_PUG0PR2*HBB9CC^%:[K3O#\5I/*08IM\1C:
L5)#=2#6Q+H5E;


MD



M R
MQP1;II%0'))8T5*[EB'*W1KOK:PXP_<\J[IEK2=02W.QU=MW3!XK$U6,OXY^
MT!55%/_ (Z?\:IP7=G)J4-ZE^N8UV;-W!YSQZ5MW^LQ16LC):0G
:AKI[CU


M)M/$\\\^P7WAK1HP


M\N[.T8)XZYK%.JW@7]S%##_N1C^M9\FL6B_ZM./K55M9!)XX]JI8:+U:#W36

 0\TG&#
MW&.M;0HV^%$N449HLD0_
PYIKFW3JP.*T[OPE+;7+6]WK*B8-MV11%BQ]!52


/FD8_C4.E?J7[1(Z



2/_ '6_I5G^U;ALX2&Y'I+&?S&#3TN=.9OWMC)'Z^5)D?D?\ &AOR
M#YEB/5YYK?[7'%<A2@'F+@]?45)=)G(\R*YMF/4QL'7\C5H0:5/:RWN'@

;





M%YI2H3UDLYA_P^3D5*-/TJZ'^B:N(G)XCO(BG_ (\N14:Z1:W3?Z%JUH[=


MK]Y
H%]';7Z]_M
(W?\ ?:X85FN910.W
^AHW^L3_P!DZ(;J&WO?
M6:3[0F

5Y8L;(
AMR)D4%CQM;
M#?K5-?#L=TP.EZM8WF2
1E_)E_[Y?&?P-)-6*ES-]S U2'3HM5NA'-/.@E(4

M=%1?:XE.(;2


GVQ1AFVY.TU0_M-UX@M;:'WV[S^M




M
5
+VGZ

MJELMPLUOY
T84.?
 '48[5=O_)(61@V2
94XI2E^X3\_T&O]X?H6(?ELY AR
M1CA3D[:SOM*V\4D[AGPX) '0YP
_YXJY8QP1332Q[MT@Y!.0*:EPYD?/W0:R



8Q_=Q4O/\S8V

M7 CB0XKHHT*%)MJ-V^]F1.I4GHW;TW\6:M%/YD(61@!O7IGO5*?4=4NY3)

M;*2RD!AWS4&EP^18I:D8
'Y]-\0:4\M@?+D*E9HW4;XV(QU_D:J*1,KWT/G[Q#ILMAJ)8Q;(91F
M/'3'3BO7/#.I:?H6D0W!U.:[D%MM:W*?=<CAAGH!61\4-+#WT5M;L&6..-5


MN
XX''K3H+!898A=7D

99G8;9.
X'0]JIVJF2XB5$
M9FWKPH)[U3

MPX[2Z7XD9W9V-B

M+)DL-W3CI7
&32WR&CN(6]00X_H:CJS17LB
ZK(__'Q;VUQ[O$%/YKBK5C+9





4$#R
O X/05#FF^X6?+L9NBW]VPU+8
MD$(2PD?

M8IMMX6UBYPT=A/M_O%
YFSUWRL<U#K6W8I6-?6/#A:6;V^L[
1V$:
)9QG.6SP.:SDL/#L'$FJS


S?FY
M_I7=Z]X

*!ZYK



R %O6N4U?QS=7]Z]






MI;


MQ@CG+YS6I;^;66-=U\&_PN:DU7;XDV4*[;/0HP!T


MZUXQU];A8?[3DB4Q1N5C 7)*@FN?EUC4+HGS;Z[ESUS*U/ZK7G\4Q/%4([1/

=

B $_3BO++$O/JMFKACF=/



_PBK1O-
$4BQ6-Q*H0EBSJ


M#;:1=G2[F
Q
A?@_2MGPW%I5WI4@UBYO2TLF
M?O90 <!O6N[F^#;W03&K28* HL@+J!V^G%3SVZ&BIM]3R*6RT]4.+F+<.=Q


S1 CRL]5KI(Y8;:0R


M4+*/4IH;N+Y9H 622

M8-7/8FGJ95S!)/!$8T9_G(X'M2QZ5=L.45!ZNX6F3EOL%N0S M(YP#]*AXVJ

?YU0BAN)3B*&1OHM


RN/WDZ@8YP.@INN72W*M($3(DAE[@#%2IQ;T93IM(]Z^
METM[X

M;R;4O@/AIW)]?X1Q4::G=O)$B2B*

L$'#@AI 6[]
MA44



-[

M=.D'#W



VU88\JP##[




MG'3UK)O

X:=S(




C7N;VYNY7GN[R::1^6+N235

M3)\P4


M)26Y7M7'H=2]_H]G#[I/,)4WJ .

M&-[_ &7=W

)1/\:<


M5FEO6)
CDD@1C_&J8HOS&GPXT8!N)X8O^NMRB5&^G:5&CB75;


M!M0TQ0=FGWLGIYMT%!_!16IJ6ARZCJ]Y*L]K#%$RQ[IYU3HB]CS6)-I;1S-&



Y2T1R=


MM5]3UR]GD
-O=306R

M

#BVA#\
%QS26QLBMK]H)XHSV7+-[X[5\^^*BW]I&$#
MJQ.T#-?1VL



M-NL
NH1JOS)
$(ST(ZBO:M 7=ID#EMP6
*/;VKRBTME-K=RJ0'EN69CGJ?6O












M(0/4(
#\JM/=6

FQONCLV*@M=%U%+

M/JS7TO1/$'BFTM8].CFN#YCB24OA%Y&


5N
MC

QW[<KP<'
MMQTKJ?#UH]E)/Y^I?V@['!Q^7'&
]0.YK*@VX7-)PBVS@=4^&.NW+0^6]C^





M3Y$FQ;.V2





=60[!:E4W;MV6//!]J*BG*=VMH2BXZO5GFHT+5 HW
MPF/T\V55_F:V=.TR:'0=7$]Q;1M((D#&8
J\YY(Z5R6[(!/Z\UN6.!X0U@CJ


M3J#_ #KYAM;1;B&UA;4YK&(J-R(K
==@(@






M8FY2L?(DU*W99I)+@1L;@D_*K9_A':KVMY^Q;.H!W#GIBLW0'#:Q=NH:0;0N
$U:.Y1\?
MA$/S8

MA7'1

JCA1^0




=IS??L9H\]XKC./P(I/*TN3I=74/M)&'YJ:7^R+Q_]6D4H/_/.

@E3ZJ:DU

M[J61/]UB*T8-0NFT^\


F3!V
5K0UF


MHFN;HL$W* Y'7GM55)\J5Q0AS-I&3I6FZS]J@B6.Z2W:52Z;BJ$9'4=#3)_#


M3.



./

MS
@$

DDM

MU41









#

B\*WJG55D@DNX]\L4#':0IP





R6/C&^M

M
AF5-PX^[SZ5E&9JXGSI)?W+&3


M


N-N[)5[I0
?GUKL3X_CT/2X--T^S:ZD0'
A.P
QY)/
.K$ 5FZAXQO]0M9K6=E:WF4HZE
M\9%4ZT.Y/LI=CF/#M@(KR1LPQB3:%4/GCUKO-0TR-_ NH3([F6.%I.OR'''X


MG1#M:F636)G4Y5R
?E5V31E9O
$L81QN&6YZ5E?VCG/[H$D]\4@U%@3F!6'8





/Y5*L5J1/)!SOLD''_+


MEC@$


MC@TZPLM*2XBG35]G#LJ3V[ GY3Z9K-6Y5H6[WZ&2EYIZ#

MNTO+^6WTG3[J-2(FMP/)1RJC/&?7BN-@MM(0*9=2E;CD0VQ)_6NRNX$NO#]C





MY51:I'F%MINOR7



G:FS?#Q2D.UV5M
DA@


;Y(#A/H![4:YXB
MT.:RCMSJ


9!I%N

%5M$&:[EB*C^Q^)BZ--

&MI









M
7['('2O-O-#'[DGY&AI6\O!@;:N3G;S3AA(QV_4R=6/8]2L/&/]C:8]E9W]

./








Q;??(9MZ

?[!/



8I;6UN

!YC@#)].M56
MTV_

MCJW\C6+W9KK9$0&F

M@?\ ;
G^56;998]

G]*:=*N&_U






M+
N#\I]36/




M?2O(QIU[]D,I1582;=ID4#&.O6H?LEP#AIK1#_M7UI]5C:S9+KMNYT%]J^










LO)/RFGR65R?;)NQA_P!E
M7F.67\9D']:5-


M#^9H%WID8PNFS-]5457%Q(

14





L
M!69YT';/_?)K2T=XE^WW#!C&L*CA3G[WI2LBN:5BBT]^K


 ]\
MTM+HJ+?*UW
/RH!_RR%+L3M$M7C9





M(M'QL8X

M[W'E_8(#ECU9O\:T)8(Y!&?L]JNV

I3IL&,K:P-_USO/\:?;6]FM
MM=V\BSPM*$& X?H<T:2T2SCN9W]M7V
/(K_ ._&K?TIIU.1_P#66UG)[M;@

M-QE(2-PY6933M2TR^DU*Y=+9G4R'E6!_K575]Q6=MBG]EM&^[J*#_?B8582R


8.
WK6O87T



]NFGE(NIOOMT<^M6]

O^BS#=#( 63'.

1:R8RY..*+CT*AT7450?Z)+T]!5[1M
MOHK\
]NR@HXY8?W3[UCG?@9WX^IKH_#WA_5IY)+B.PE
;1
%9N



MFQW/MTJ&VMQ:$E-0L

?6N;3YSPX/\ P
5T



-RFMHFJ;:R@L


M0#6-?7-M=/'
UXC2


%(2#RP'0GFHX;K[++YD]KI[QGC;]D'7\*ET:/[
M/H^I2/#.=D:*
PL.2W;BJ1F#\?9[HC_K@W^%2^5JPTY*2=BY/KZ2QF.#2M
B












MPD]Q)Y@#@]





*5[+42YKF6=9E3&9Y!
M_P!LHO\ XFIT\7M;6^TVD4Q!^_)#'N_E54^%=9?_ )=XOI]H6G)X-UJ4B
6R

M+#JVH-N
FJ7J
N-H$S'///TXJ0:#JA/

#+.IR!GWJD_AW7TX?3 OUF7_&FI06C!PJNS1GC5M5AB\N+4;L ]?W
MA-)I[W<NKV0:[NG+79#2D@\U<_L#7^P:<P_A$Z9_G5K2-$U:+Q!8_:+ Q
M+'

B:!





MI?KD?XT*2$XR'^7_ 


M'W2RP%&^WN0/;9'12 ^:UOYBTS$1YP3P@]:=!J=QYJ#$.
_\\A3 ME^]\MY\

M[9)/UK&\BQ)/^GL


\0 FNK@^6Q 4IPS$^OL*JZND-LHEMYV?(
MR 2#Q3G)/0NG%HPKAL'!ZY_*M'1&R6ZG#@ UE_O;N?Y4+L?05LQ0'2I8_P!X
M/
8AI%R%51ZY_P YK*Z3U-7=HW0?]#&[G]Y_6J-RR[IS_=C.!4T]\DT =(XW



MLS5O &KZ/:QVTH$WF2&0/;1-(  

M8UJDJ;T-*5*
T?++Z?$K;#J%N&!P0R


MQN8O%&JHL$K*+I\
A/<Z==&ZE(C4CS?\ 6KZ_6K-CI=[FYQ;
3]G;HP/I[UFW( NYO^NC
H-<1%;*=@((URJY
MZ#ZUCEUV-\W;UJ]J
Q%XJ^:0!#&/O8_A%)WN2K6+5AIE^KSEK*X7_1Y 
IU.


;?


M^JF[6]EU1S*D
0*L0
@E@

9IG3+?M8Q&.:/ 7A6;KCT]Q_


MVIU2G?0K2:C(8V24R


=I;L[%L@%=Q&.^*ZOPE;Q7-\%NH
M5DC[@+7;66A6&BZH][:1$



PQK
M^H-UN9O^_E6K74KB:SU2::5RR01A2S9QF2KAA\#$9AEU'(Y(:Y/_ 
34MO'X








M=[:05HZ%IG_$V7S-8L6;R)MH6-P?N')Z=J)27*R(PESJ[

\BF
M/! ?^6*YJZ--BB14'B'21M&

)!_[+2G2G8 IK^AMQWE9?YK5

/:[Q_



RPOEM
I[R?_
M %J8=/OQUL+L?]L6_P *M6UI=IHFIJ;6=69H% 







DBLJ6Y89#!@1Q5J 74\A-A!)\

S*I-PWYZ 49Y
M]/OI99-[-)'DD_6J-HMQ:SF7[




MW&FQO]I)*L

C\MW8FB2TL$9:W-&YL



MEB






M*I+J

MFXI:#?


MS.7_  QGQ3:.5&ZPO![+=C^JUH:;+I %^RVU\H^R.&S
AR
CIQUK.72VVC;?

XF.<22((4'YG-/CT2X_=3P%98Y1NC=3

.V6Q3;_Q!Y=L2R_.W%1*
M'


P4D4N-VTC





M+AO_ !W']:C\C13C(UB+GM
C?S%:6E1:&J:DT=QJN/L$F\S+'PI(!QCO1*;M
ML$()26IS\2GR(\G/RBD?&/\ ZU63;:3M 74=27 XS;J?Y&FFUTTG U6[7_?M

N'(JY_9=__ ,\$/^[,A_K3AI-]_P ^DGX$'^M:
M7CW,^6:,]HP%.&DX']\UK:W--]HM[7[3.L:6<)*+*P&<9SC/6J\FEWXC.+.<
M\=DS5[6M.OO[8D<6=R4$,*AA$Q'#OBD^5M%I3Y68K-





M[54

MF3=8




M;:P:*1Q@

M*WOWOM/5)1O^SW*L3CMDBL6]B/FA1P6(4?B:];5!!:0PJ

S




MGGK]:T$\Q74M9WPZG'F BF(TA1_WNIQ;27+





Z
MEJ4MS# UEX=\H
N<BM)I*%K&<&W*[9R$VI7MG??9G*I:NW^K6Y\Q%
M]P3G%.



ML6Q$0
$'%

MM%$YUVUO[M$%OY

+/\Y5ED/]Y

=
MCS5727TA=
5=2UIXYBQ(BCMM^U3TR?6LI:KF'%I-&CHWA?0)TO3K&JWEGY4
M@66-%

'YG:

MQY]^U*3TV
XI7W




0.NW/K656

_

MRK[&4X.XGUK
-VWEF!'?M6[ILHDT?79
ML;3]AVX^KBFO<:66R=$L1GT\Q?Y-5ZQNM+CT76VCIY)BC5UCN'7=E_4YQ3<
MKHF$8J5S!:8(@X[=JKR7(;IFM??X:

MXC;^8JU-]C/V:[F
')?@GH:W-6)\_38?[FFPY_')J.2V\.;&:.XU:
@=TC?^




UCOI

M;\W




M=:??KNH8/ G8?R%4Q1%:E+5GOGP;NDE\'W3+9W OW&Q9V(^Y'SS14/P6_Y




M?
9-HC#GYS@_3O3]S 8P
=JQ:.A2L6Y;#1IQB2QM7^L0JE)X8\
3@J^DV@SZ
HY+#Y[G&'1/%<*[?*AEQ_%YQS6==:=XN 8VB;G&'VO7HZW

MZ7+*
$*?7*]:JS)T/%M0TSQ6EO
7T#3;A






MHGDD7P[UPGYH=+4?[E6U^&VLN

2?7KQ4K^[N5IN-)@R



ME17=W]W/#=R

MD]D_IBY7G\ZL6;&W
D





D8X'

'DQ=L


@?RJ2!&
$MS)C=(?R%)I/0$S
M5D\0:-


$R6TZ =2T3#'Z5 6&#D@?6J



/Z5JZY
MJ5W92Z:L=S

I%:MO




M]M2LT;3;B/?.@0BYR




5Y[%-=6\*1


MX'3-



M)RH]6[CGC)]Z30YI!=()(6@?YF
;


#UWVBC/Y8K'N9 TS.

M=E']:S'5YI
S_*HY+0V

\9JQ+#YB9.V*
#UJQH_AS6]


_Q52B^YFY+L=?X@T&

1ZE*-@5Q[4\C-
6#





M?D:V?#T.GOK5HRZA


M33DM!T4&FA=J:Q;#O^]BD3/Z5(+2WD/[K5=-;V
Y7^8K-LPOV.(
 ?E'45*R




MXDXIXD]S7'1Z_.OWDJW'XB_O*:5A\QTZS$+G-9-_/G=5-?$$;*0001UK/N-3

2'!GP/85A[)FWM



'Y?ESGZUAWME))IC7=





M9L'@[PG<ONCTN)=G)V



M_ANS8





B;L@GCI2





;
MJ]RI2LWH= WAYG ^SZ]I$RG^_*T9_(BK5QH.I#0DB1+:9C=E_P!U=(P(V8]:

M.%B-S7
7'?[U+J3B?5KM\CYIY#U_VC6WI/B.[FUFQ1PK%KA!EXT8X^N
U#+K



M@?UK/15

0
Y4\_2LT:='RL7B/3R
M1T6:-X_YBES*YIR7BB$P1'K&GY4@MHAT4K]#BK2Z1J+C
%WI-S[1W:@_KBG'









'[/3?L];ALF]*8;)O[M &+Y%'DUKFS





H!  W9&/QK*
TEMIR@!FDN&W?+V0=/SJ;1&
M;4=?L=.ED

U


MU3*7B =H(O\ T&L&I76HTU9ZSZ+JL&?-TZZ '4^62/S%0V:,NI6R2*RDRKP
MRD=Z2+4;V''E74Z8Z;9*U=-\0:J^HVL3WDDBO
JXD ?C/N*;YT@7)=&?JS[
M];OR3R;A_P=503CJ?I6U?:R&UY6?3M/N%$K\M!M/7U7!J%;W1I





AYF
M7SH67=R
]
XQ7*!B#TK6U%S%H^B8) 

V&).<_6NET#6;Y]:MXOM4OEE9&8!


VC4!H6!/[P=.*Q1.T3;9655[!@0?UJ8\KD[
MA-R458U3J%U+_K5L)QZ26JC^51/-S9ETC3W/K&63^1JD+E&'#J?H:42<]<U
MKR1


Y]*K:

M3#Q+J6



UK*=UL91IZ[FZT@J%[


NG4Q\'FJ2ZC9(D49NH0X1?E+#/2AYHI/N2(WT85L['/JBWX;N(K?7

M*ZBZT?5BR--H]G
:OYB



MLM
UBYLXY[#3;NP
MEC0,B(@&3_=8=_K3H/$=T?B#96022T A?<I<$OD<?RKTJ.ZN#'G/QGYA0Z+




MK6XVI.UR75/&$\8#V4K1

9#DD^M7+_PMKNG





-MQ;6%S






4$B2-2C#CVXJD;/0I1DV=[;G_IE
''ZTN;




/Z5L^&KBX^VW;


MQI^DS;N?GLPA_-2*3[5H\N/


^=#;29Z^9;K

M5_M!^/

S!]*U-(B 63ZBJ[)CG%7M+R/

MP:QKB)1






MP6-9SL]#2$6M3TQ=3M(A@RY;T IW]J2N

M

]N*X9P;UL=T)=+E6;4YHR?/O;

M
















M\!Q_*DZ;#F-9M9N)N+JSL;G/4R6ZY_
4Z\ETNX:);S1URD2A3;S


MZF(&
IK*4^5M)%*%TKGGY\/0QHJSG3WX&2864G\0:F
M/@DR(LD=@K*1Q]GOOZ
*[;5-NM2,:1SP-1U!Q^)%:-IIUS8VR1.!(%ZE.

;?4H\0R@&2-)%Y4CJIS7-2:/Y?!O84/I/%)%_
8
MKVR5E6TFD6%RR(0 %^;?]*P=(NM3O+9UN[4ML;:9)5P&]L4XU7N*5);'E?\
M8]U(3Y+6L_KY5PI_3-1/I5_$
RV-P%]1'D?I7K0T[0=7CD4V-G/*K[&Q& 0?

2@'?/I6L:EW8SE225SCDD$4H#JRX[$&M:3

Z_

72J'K\
+



_[)0_H:I-/9B=^QUI7]RG'851N(PP(]1BJ$
M?B]&4*]@A [Q3_XT\^(=/D_UD-U$?HK#^=:&1V6G^$M
U33K6-3B0Q@%G0$$
M_A56_P#A3?H2UND;KV

M



37$!'


&QN*O;*2/[M9\FA&$[HVF@;


3Q7=E#


M&_$]I8Z

W5HI;)@5&UFZ@_E6)-<VDDR:4ON
39]E'&?K6]<:[XECU6YBM;D
MF%6&U/*20IP.<@Y]1VZ5Q%SXEL;?
[9'JT.O^)\?-=SI[QV?S+57U#6]3\I

3V-+=6!CDSCY3R*QU;-.6QSQB@;AX%QZFJ^HOI5M%&



MD#66E2Q2.GWIWV@
!R22
^F !6#1L98M(G;$6H1=
CS59*K7FF32:A9VJB.=



.V0:
MG@C5=





AAFA7DM#

2

MSN/XBMBTVRRPLK [B

_:+21O!,;;A7FJP_:'$;=.:L623Z?+(8V
D;#!1VX^H]
\N+E6

9;UEAA?


?\ 82D_]%QT5<^


J#;/CKBLR&/?@FM*^SY3 <9'6H
M8DQ




JCJ014D:;(E7VH]JGND'LK;-GKMM\:M2&/


M9GO3^.OA[JG%[:M$QZF2V((_$4@A^'^HC%GKD



D(S^E6HO$_P 5C:M[HQ6GH]F*
M]MT-_LM9,X _*K4'AN*6,-\H;N#Q^5/CUVT(P]I*G^Y(#_.KL/B'34CV_PD

M6UE_U=S;

B.PV-CR@&]
IOL#X)*@ ?A5X(HER2,^]6H


.G JBL7-2
G/6H=-7*]H[6*ETI;8X'!%0+ 3[5J!5:

M0TX0#\*.4$[FA;0A=*51W-8HB\MG&

YZFFT(R8Y+B$

=R8:DK_ZZSA;U*C!/Y5.O]E2Q!VC


MS@5G)ME)(QE@

T-'ZTY5(R33N

M*/MUW#
(G=RY&0 P-'+V8KOJADUJY.65A[U7-N?4_E6@-2D7_61K^1%/%_

O)7N#7/:+XLU;0K8


;356XU5['6?-D&[%ND:[CPJXZ5LQ?\(]'J'F*+V*

MZ8%0)S$%'!K7&DZAJ[_8]


MM4-W\T




;T/1A[5/M4]XA[)K:3.S7Q/;/\ ZVQF




3_.E[.+VD4JLD]8GJ$
\R1M
M$&^4XZ\XIE^9;F7S7VYP!\HXKA(O&.HIC-Y#)_UUB7)_E5V/QM=_QVUI)_NE
ME_QJ70ENFBOK$-FFCH?()IWV4^E8J^








8A):


MM5'=B?TIT[9D48QCBK4V2XHF=)8HD=Q\K]
&HF





M/Y9
]J?G]VQ) YJ*1@1@#'I3$=AX#DD.MZH+;?YXTBZ\O9][=MXQ[YIG@:3Q
V?QI/A]-)#K6J7$#F.:+2;IHW7JK!<@C\




MB:UJ4W@CPYI6A:



MTZJ!ZD?X5P

M5VZL?\]S6:S9M'.

!U/_/G+_Z'7(Y7<













M]FA.EV.0*[1Z\U/&V *V'T6!_P#5R




=:K43$

M:
TF+8YK-LU5;U@#G]PI)K0FP;
G]:3W&):R&3!/1%P/Q-06[?\ $VE ]*EL

Y^M0EB6X^@I\SK]H((/6FDJ#M49.=P]J8A)U


=*BP67K4OEG'')'6DB7J33$3V.K
M7N@_:;BR


_%7$5C5U[Q!JGB*^^UZK=-/(
MHPB@82

U*R,:B^@-O-(4RX0]0I[9[UE#OZ]*LC MWQZG



1\LS::I)/KG-<Z8SD9K.G&;^$9Z&DAFKJ.I3:I









]3B(=

^
]6YJVC![W9Z-_*DV-(H7@





#W7X-'_





34-


33: \'G!%M
M(H/4\5'/$IMQM S[5[Z_P.T)T*G4]2Y[[H__ (FF+\M!6+R_PU-3(]VC_^
M)H5T!\TF-_-



I/'M7O:_ S0E4K_:


;D\C-3KC!7/










S2G5=4RW7YH_P#XFI5^!6@JK*-5U/DY^]'_ /$U30KGCFGL&FF


L;RF8M+L)R0!C[O3Y115$G__9
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg5.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 -8 J(# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#H['XES[@E
MVP8^Y




IJUVP]IV

M;_&L&.U5VC6%



?C4



3@9V@CJ*7/+N5RKL

$R'=U-0YR[A

'3RT&

M20G3B32WNHQA3]LG(/4^8:KSW^H1PNYO;HDKQB4TV2Y3R5+KD@YP.M4=4G;[

^X\0:V=1N NKZ@J # \]@.GIGBKFGZ_J[+&TNK7S*6PV9VZ5SEUE=7NU




MSODC7;(A)5@.A]JMJ_H%&I&R4UJ/.IZXJM(FK77VA.8@9V*-]1GI5J+Q/?ZJ



UC*@5Y5N6+1MZYSTJK=^)?%%O
M


MDE;A46X8DG\ZR[2TO]:;%NOE0_Q3
/Y5MP0:?H8VVP%Q=_Q2GG!J6TO4JQ8L
M;SQ

VX_KQ65<32W3[

MIUK42VX _PDMZ_6L6YTP;5EFNXHAW#'S'\A5N.YL459H4DE9\$.2 N1[53





<?A52?4)93N0E?]K/./Z?A5PBUL1.U]#K)M8\16$12#5;^7 P\K
MSM(1]!G%<Y%XP\1/JJ6L6K:F@9OG,MRY)Y[#.!^%06VO7UBNT22
?\ +-^:

/G'(ZU:C8B[/I.BDHK(LQ!S2XJ-&24!HG5U]5(-2=ZX#
M9.X
JR+M8!ACHPS7$:Q::??WTZ_98HHH^!)%\I8]R:Z?6;[[%9':?WLGRJ/3




MD6;G



FT''#
?Z4U%W!A(H&.P-
:0

GAQSUI






_C4VR1_E1
@COP!4C1XBW

_[/@*1A/7!SFH]2CQ9

KCCUK6




T

M/454N-5NRK21+&DC#[V
X'H*EMO1&EUU--KJXN(O+@A-O!CH?ER*KB*-#\\H


G]16@XW#YNM9&I3K;A;@
%:
Y ]


XY-1@KO)8$\^M6(YK0
M??CD]\8J&V]QZ=#*OT
D+%LEO6O1/AKJ


:6(JBJ=L8/L.]8M_XC;496AC
C(!_K9$*

KMG.K]EMM.F

MSFX:ZN-32RP5LP?




DS


EC_ +([#WKEBTUV0\N0
_A4Z6+-+OE8NY&2QK7LM+-P%'('7-5*

9*OEYW$ D#KBG[2Z!2HV]#FEV?*54$


Y_W:MP LI/8=




M;E90XR5JE*DGR7#L0R#!'?ZUI E'D^78 N-Q'#?2J5U$KVS1%N


+J

/\
O4Z:VB$SQPS1X40DKOZ2#/

_U33^T4WF(/9N:\\^(^F1_P!H3H(%RA7CVC'SGTKL-#U





MB.8L#.Y'^9#ZBFW%F(B

M5!QCZT.UM!:B'GG-*B
B!I6U.WEUG6]8O=EK$KK
MV9T.T?1:TK;PRC2K-KE[/<W!/RVT1R3^ ZM'P_Y;:#:RRW*QAUQMMQF1S[F


K
DN);AL#_


M-M)IMSI]SI
.W2[:/;CF4?-(?I7.RR-)(7=B['J6.:GM=5O;+_53G;_SS8Y6





4BX;[KJ?8&O9CYQ^61(Y%]C_ (U1GTO2)S_I.F09/=H1_
5:Q/=$


R_*@RH7Z'!'/J:@UWPKI^E^#Y

)W((^@Q7J]E:0V%G':0 B*

MTMQ@ECD'DU;B0*1E#M]1QFL93LC:
2

P








MHSO !\L

4T^52'/( PO!KHA-K0CE
&.X$UO(=BE

WFMW]ZZW3
MGD^P0;HUZDY!R*]62_=L\V/\1&QIDGEZG;Y 8^9G&
=^AKL]$D@07=W
1Y@N

IQZU;=HHP5^9LY'5;OS-)M(9
M$DCD6


92
H



M4?


M:-C\KP#\\FE9M#-PQR71WM


(^^3YDI]\=

MMA-7/

P&:[C66


)0CEU.7/X]JYC4&EA
M27SE=92
?/U)^M&^QIH=3X3@@OY&;2]/6+?+M3=SOV\Y;VKT;1+RSF9;2:!(
M=0A.3&RCKGDH3QBN7^'


1NSC^E5WCVJQ'
MX.:V)0ES&9F#C![^]9DR !D4DAN!QTJGN.+NBN4^7/'N/44UAE
JHZ_E4N

0*!-H)'-*(7:3!QM'/UJ

 ]:
M40E\(0%!. 

%N#GJ1_*
MNB
C-HJNB#'S#(X^M.4Y2


[GRUV+W)IXM1YOSDR
2

#@E:C

M*T85RSL21R33TV2 .9..@XJ-Y@JF0E 
YQFFPI\JMN8[@3E^*T4;[DMZ%G
M=%&PV(H;/4\_C63K]_
=+E
*X(8#..#6F' P
9P
8 ZUEZZA?3F41LPW X!Q
M6L(JZ
[G



./6HM-O)+)M0

ML

L:LW_ !*X
#&(N:YSPV NAJ-HW



D?V@F==RBW0 GD 8/:K)%NWA?]


N?]-3 S[5

Z7);V]Q'?-&)(9#&4!Z'&0:XO6]-^=C;;WW*'G &/,7K^
M== [Z_J6MR_:WMYHF;:5+$&3 P#]12RP7L=O(-312
1$1%T//45V1DGU.9Q

*5)
M<#YD!7ZUG:XRSX=OY;?Q?\TA<

ZMPT0RH^OM7J


M6?E%GB0)DN1T&:Q+[SVN9'N$996)+;EP:[9/%5J--MH'GVW$+[A(BY-)KNH:


M2.\T;4+#3$B&HV9:$_+#
HW*
''*_P!:Z2QU6UOKE5M_
D2%V;B
@ GI4
5O

DC8JMGJ2?Z55ABFTR2
:K(\^G2$%)(S]T]M^.H]ZYG:7J&J



ME)]ZJ.X1W



M&1U]!3I+Y8Y
E==BU\3L9SG?8T
M))Q'$?F+X' 7FJ0D+QMM^1B.AY(-3?9V^7(! ' / _*FFWCYVZD XZ5UQ<4


M0 K'D9-13][Y1+'G)85(THFBV-&!WR.]1*HC88 YYP3DU-M 3.(-OD8A03

9[TV2%-
MQ9R6+=F.!2R+M;


MJ 4/'ZTS09C/'((K;RC%@@GHPJ;46:709HVP?DSD'J
TND'[3$0 %  !%=::
M4-1-



MX[&JOA/YO#5N0@W$MU]




DD)=I5V(T2_+)D]?8U@6T


K_]:K!N;BZ^6V1G

MI9P/^648VC\:AM[@M/' H18PPVH@P

\C


MS'JLL4L.






M5L8\L_SKK
5R7BOYM1A7/2+/ZU4=QQ

=*B.#B]6RU



H3E&9%_BZ ^M*BLK[BQ91QC&.:)+028\%5D(0Y;/
MS4[$



R*P4@















M%5W9RI%Y[KLY$
_RY]AVJ7S+6.H= NO#%Q#:B2SE!C3LP[?45GVEJEC$(\






MZ/I15!:L^2JQ+D?A75Z9J%O#;QV\Y


M
M'KT.TA59[:4E?
A:0@Y'\ZPM711HUR@+$;3UY.
U;@U2\VL)?)C5VW'8FX_K

8\LN9[&#X?51KE]@DKY:Y4GI3]2L)/#
M\ZZG89.GR'




MDM8TPSDG&
**8@N9A^^D$2]@OWC_ (5

F/
5]YS67!;V49QY


S* Q^BC_&H;VPMM
TY
HC3O*MX[::U=295)&Y




#GY=WM
M6.&#'Y1WK-FL251S]XGVK2TA0#
P'7%9BC'3%:FD?=F^HJ2F:$DBQQEW.%'6
MN0UQ3?:D)8I%: )MWDX ]JV=?MIIK7S8;AXRO&U0#GGW[URENEI::S)8W27%




V&*C)SC&[I1+.-@W)M48SBM(I




#]XQ*C(]37+4BHSM8Z(N\;

PW

_+N;J:LZ5O@C

M$54/KU%('#VS.
B

?0=JAMZ?&5E ;[W8
O(%6YT2









M;^0'C4*J




.I(ZCUJI(:9

ZI'

2A7

CRPHO3(VBI ]



O





A]?_KBHN-HZJBDHKM

M

 


7KJ.2TT

?[

4?)N;N5O8OM'Z42IJ+T.-3;6I///:0'!:-


S



M

IR1?8\N0K%@']ZNZ(D4EM/(%1ANPI&<_C6R?NZE$DK*57<4*-U##O3L
M[+7<A1 A*8.:60E-H11R?XA3)@%MW.\#*DX'ZU5


M06W+DY[5Q'AA7?Q:H3'RHK'/85UT8^Y(PJ/5'92ZC+;3:E&M]]CF$S&.WCM]
MS2D]#GOFM599@]D+G_7G:9..^WFJ=QXEF5YH[:WMS/')(
R$_(B#EFQR
]!3



?





MF'Q



M(Z8K5CT18&E:&PA1Y05=D?!.:B_L=\E?*ERH_AD4D5E42D[HN
K;E3S0!G&#

.DS@?ZJY^N%/]:U=+0V5HT;Q3Y+EOF2LU!K4;



M4K6.KL\0EGMHC(V
I$20






MR.OUKN5U?3A

M8234FCH+0XC4(^
C'(ZU8

O)5!DBK+6$R1AI-2
MD4.


-VK#DI%(@/ZU'!+?26B.HM6*GE

M

#G$W].]4M

MQ5K7I#'XFA)64;L*
NBW-O=:G#!'+
ZD'[P]J].2NE\CGIR21



M



$B


MM--6(*




M:VU*:6WNG?SXR&\HQ@J_8


M;IULQ[SM_*MG4!C0KP^KK63H@']GVH8D+YS$D?05G?W7ZFZ7O(C\0
3JNGMC
M'[Y3^AJ7391+H
T'F8DEP%KU.:;X@'5;'RF\Q?-&/^^3Q5C0-4-CI+GRK$



)=@)&7R2?0N-CTN1Y JR8/KN-2+HDSC.5YQEB:GD
M7<B52+9U=HVC^2LMP+AF+29<;&/TJ:76]$*[/M+D$_\]
\^A'0BN+ETZWA9
MEEN8OE7Y@
FLT2VD0S#:2


\B

2O:
]&
MM]5T^^$IL;%G:
C[K9SGN!6U:Z@(5CB&CLB9 W
03]37!^#9OMMQ=012R0%0

=:XZO

W2Y'.[_,U-/URUU*=XK=9R'Y\C[M/BD1-9OF=U5
M1'&

MZC44V=3+K-C$VT7NW]U#33JN5)CBX'=F_PJF?#MG;MN@LX)T_YYR##?@W^


;*5@'D5SQGTKHKFVN0JQF[WJV0085KEKR
MZ_L_5(;.Y9\,&$07 'TKJ4)QA;J*,X3G='4ZQH,OAJ2&\2_D&]R'?=\^WU]
MZ2XMM3O]CPZI(T:+A,HM3G4(M2M5GDBBN@ORCS6*^HP36;#Y-K
;%[-/WG[

\K_GM7&M5J]CH2:Z%K3[CQ#IDA
%]#
AZJ6 %27U_KM[A'U*S7YMWE

MQ%:4,26,9)4_3TJ[:S:T%63^QUP5X2X_

MZ8%6ST!&/
;FJDX/2R$E-


MJ




0VB$[6&X
PZD@]JNZ+;V]K;R1I;A0QW%CSFLW5&\JWC8
M

MH$-:5D9HEVM





+;V0J58)[=:ZHSO&6FQBXVL=*ME



R52N]_R(!XEL@/\ CPNT..BR$4?\)'9&

*HR/FU34%[\L354ZIHHSC

MOXH%JQ\G50I;&[]V.?TKE]1M7?5+@06LL2[B1%UV^W%4_LT^Q7\N3:QP#MX-
2\]ATKIA;6(7@ ?]M*EMXM.%NF


MDZF HF












M^X[F7&


MQ^%3Q6-PD.XQO@XPH!SUK)F5VU&ZW':J
#@\$-2E:2U*AI(U^LO+;N.N*?
$


)+2@1DJ P^\?6IS
N1M=BA
MYX%4H4
]JL+
Z




DBMJVB23


PCL;R%0Q 1LL1U&**2O+0SJ643S:WXMUX'2NN\'IO^
MTJV





%





M+/C'^Z:XVSO]3L8TVR-(L8VQH_( /M78:^V+B'!Z^80?^ FN;3+Z5YF



H9E'F/(/


MI&M+=KJ8.9-Y@LEYW-TSZ8KGG1HYS;21$2!MI7WKJ8-SKICP%6B57:2%^J\]
M1WK FQ)XE8 G#7 !KJIMW;/'Q$$Y1CYV-1M/U&;+0!+%94\N0/\ *KXZ?6HO



Z









MK

N




;AE'4_Q-ANYZ?D*YN0_9;B8(-JQ3?:(OSPX_(UOVGS



M
9X P

R1R

M5GV^4_S


[SMMU.[\GS+92LD8*@

MDCG:

7493&T







MT




K)\ $KJ^I/C)$J\#OA36E

MTM[C]3*^OR-:.XMVGCGBLXI/+(FN8_



#K5=CB5N.U:.E!

MTMW50 A*]



U+R=+EL/+




M)D\SRA$(]F./K5+PYIE]9^(-7N)[?;'
1Y;

[J[5@



M]I6-N5D&U?48K!CD\*/+C;*&
OW6)^]FLP^*+Z6Z\TVZRR -R!C@]:HIXA$'
YWGVNTA1568
M8 X !88_*LZ_N;5M,G52


M


MV+4]2L7M3F[M@ZNKA0X[&HK37]


M2YEW'A$C^8UYHVT=$'Y5VGA_R=&T.&^*J;B\E(! !*IT ]J4L/32$JLKG=66
MNQ7$




MSN;U-;4*:9' GVJ5?




J


)#17




5*=!U2

M0X(X/'%
+$:2G=GK4JOS5=HV1R5!_*E&]?FP
=Z+ UV+3')[4JN%;M46\-ST
M(I
Y)'6E8BPYRR2Y7.T]JM1N#@U5
B&

M.5(D*I#(FXM@Y88Q]*T;)DLM.@M_*(\N

MU/0KEM6N+^QC/FF821%C\N




LY_AE#\ *BILO4Z\'

M9)'VKR1QZ9J[ H:ZEQI.4/R&

X(





MQMY]S88F
*A#=/[C6-)RZGEPPPSR*WH_-[/IJ7F] C1^:O'\/N:](@
M\%Z)!_SMP'<_.*UQIT$5K%#;I%'%&NT0LN!CTQ7-/&Q^RC98=K<\ VE RDJ





G_(KUCP='$N@_.%*D]USSBN573TBC*)
M:;N/O&.NT\+

M+DPXMYCQ]\X85TX=WEH88CX4/^R@88PL#C'RR5PUX^W696


M
UM+#))E1CR




M/-I6IVRL\UA=*JCDF(XJEYF609]ZZZUN?%_BFR5 TD*
6+S
VQ2/[N*RM4\+


F&48^E/\N')RHR?:L^75K&
AS732*#X4\.VBOL-Q*[$GMQUIGBPQC1U\KC]ZO&
M.G6J'B*;9I.@V^2#';;\@\@FJGJXK^MBJ=[28];&^\N.33WOIHY5!Y4JPZY

U6V%%^3&!V

M

M93EH4;\*WI48P#414GK&![BE=A=&














N;Z@FKIF_UJTK6/;MG W2,A
M]UJO-Y0.3.@_X'BO*+OQAJR^9:M+)*\9^1F?L?6L.37]4.X3%AZ$#D5$
%CDUU0PSC]IF

=R'VEF?



^]=$
(H]ON_S
I5I

M@@D !0?:LH6;-C=)3EM8QU!_&NF






3Q=L
M.D1JOWS
O.:Q?&3[-1M8!TBM47K727NEB=T470&&5MCIGOZUR?B:.74?$UVD




M.?\ Q\5OPDNH)[ 5S6H8B^'MJJG(:0

:XR6-020\9C9S[&JN96'\@$
V??-!VXY/2H%:56


7=F&-6'UQ5F-W(/F($/MR*!68;W[;/Q%*))<\HA^AIOFA6  ZT





MAW)!A!]&S^5=%+X2*FZ.XU6VTV\G\^[TZX9&VC[1$

%FTR\C



MJDEDVR.X/; J%'/F*N/EQDT@$A\^VDE
3NJA@Z[3Z]15L:S=-'*EP$G13PKJ

;#4



C;'(
@YX[UZA=W.G7EKY6

B9NY///\3-*% _*MK2;'P[HIDC

M<JA4J/XF;N<8JRB=7)KVG6TA\R\BP.@ZG]*HS^
=&0
IBEE4]0!@

G7![5$!SZ9IZ^WXTP/3_  OJ5D_@^#2%G#7H)D
8_A4-WK\;WQE
MNET_9A;-F(;/WMU:7@BT5;:*[,'WXV0RX]^E97CJ-(]=D900S_?_  KCA*K

*Y.]\7ZA?*L=MLLK<)M6* 8^7ZUSDA)

+I^8J1B/*Y&2
M!TJ.(J1GGIFM[65B%O=GJ^@[6\-::F_:AP/SK5V[QB2(H.@/6LKPS(4T#3
M\#.4/ K:
FP_




MM
G8&J

M#[BK6S'8C\:8ZD?

1^E-#S@]%/XT&:X_YY(?HU M!6<YY.!0'(YP#2ERPY04

+'T)1113
S

M+AB









7//S9J4





1W_@Q


=E[U

4F
Y ^HI4GW*R8*NH_.MS-JPRW?
:9]Q








M!N/W1_C41W9)&ZK

_%-\I&(]J<S!V+'N:D5%PQ'8460[L:)&Z?(V?[RE

E9
?
I'0UZ6DRL.?D;]*J:AI5EJ S.F)!
MTD7AA^-:1K-:2



DUH(MV2[[ZW3IND KK+BVE_LVZ5D #31@'&
\UR^D!CJUGL3




MXS2'D=.E
!@&3[5U/@4#_A*;09^\'&1V^6N8(90.X/I71^!71/%%F)#@/N0#


MQ_\ 7KK]-\

V-B@C^
=:O1%



\4[RF XSFBXPCA
HP:4YV#Y<9.: %W
MC/W*5G&%./;-
![?UISX



CX]






\=
TKC*.K$YQGUJW#&T@!( '\ZG$L=Q'
MX$4UF((55.*ENX6L+PAQBG!C]X.1[4@5L_
.32L0%Y44ACC-QUI'ES]*@.=W






0Y (ZCTH!#AM/ W'\*?M;'RJ![DT

4FT8Z




MK5F4CS

Z_'[1


MEI(

3]T].O%- !!!/XU/
58J^4H.5;BG+&R


E(5B08!XIB?=8<


M'TJ
$?:/][!_6@1[91244&AXQN;/'_ZZF4MCI@^]




!CW[5


MXTR1A.I96.%E ^4C^AJF%_B4X.


A7[/%*SCKT
M]Z!G*D]^U


#]:[. YGB.2
M1N/6N.ON;TBN-KW%WD9_?'BN;\:%A9V*Y_Y:MC\JZ 2@2W'.
S&N:\9'
%C@
MD_.QY^E.G\2%(Y
C-)QZT


1T/2L9
M3DRDD
$3$#8


=NQI]E;7%Y=Q6-JOF2S-M';\?I6W-IOANVO!87.

$=U




72WM(XY3*)[5)R2

MLO#&@ZC.R6NN3%E0R


M%D$GG\Z-AX/.#V%+;AIIDBC&7=MH ZDFMG5]







MT .60.N00


MH_
?C'!] *IZB1H7
 E#Q2(K(PP58=:Y35?#DML#+8YEC[Q'J/IZUT\-]\NV
M;YP.
]Q4Y&Y!*O
8'!'K2C)Q!Q/
OO*0P_BQSVIK @Y!S79:MH]O?G?/+N?
M[ZCAOJ*Y.XM)[*8QW$91CT/4'Z&NB,U(AIHV/LWDRW$G;:!TKLK&9I3&[*5
M^8X!KCO#4PBOI8
C

/EQG_EI+P/_KUTWL9E-46
9)_&KEG97FHG%G;LXZ&0
M\*/QKI].\+V

MVG;_ )YQ_*OY]ZZ6TLX;1!%;Q)&@ZJHP*L(IE8;N!4[O!;1C?RWH!6+FV%D-
M7

*JR)N;'AG4!IOB6UOK
M@$0H2K<<@$8S^M;5]X.N9&EN=G@O;1RS@HX+_0^IK!TO3YM5O%M+2
22L#@


*)TY)Y^\*5RK



GW&Z
MA)'5OXA^/]:N/-::3IEMIUQ:BX9U$TREB

MT!YG

3
MC




M5)*
![C%.LL_MAT_?)_Z$*I9:\2L5\5:@













M9QVI@-W!74G*DU*)Y8IDF@?#QD

FW)7CU!I=2C0OM=U3

<A2W _#I558QY2*!VYI"&^8=NU,
M1

.#4L4LMM









MM49$*]\_[7\JZFR?R8PBA3@8&373[*
%H8NHY[ES[+P&=@5)P !TIQVHQ56R
M0


M'&QV2 JQ/+ ]1[U5E8YW+]W/-2MQD7E[3A% 9STQVI
[)V#.Q8_+D#K4]L2U

MS[TPP
BC8X.?6IY!(02 .PI?+=E4'.W&0.F?K2N.QJY_UA'/I4J+NPP'0\



MD?

=*=A%E=IR2
Y'YTUPIYV\^]1JW!





@@_C49DR
9'MS2'8=A0#FF%MW&#UH//_ .NF\ X)_6F HSD^W6D:


M  ]3VI


!SR!G









(1%(V.\+ABHQFHTM// 9WX'0**C6UDE8RX[<9!Z


^U( 4



$*0PP/0T



\TFAEO.5
M_2H]V'7ZCFHUE &1CZTY'5F3!'4=ZBP'N5%%%,93_LO3O\ GPM?^_*_X4?V
M7I__ #X6O_?E?\*MYH[U1)3_ ++T\_\ +A:_]^5_PH.EZ?\ \^%K_P!^5_PJ
MZ0!2&@E_9FG_P#/A:_]^5_PH_LS3O\ GPM?^_*_X5;I#3L@*W]F:?\ \^%K

M-_Z!]I_WY7_K6ZC-*P7*O\ 96G?] ^U_P_*_X4?V3IW_0/M/\ ORO^%7**

M%
:98=K&U_[\K_A2G2[ ];U(_ZXK_A5K%%%D%RG_9.F]M/M./\ I@O^%*=*
MT_\ Y\+7_ORO^%7** */]F:?C_CPM?\ ORO^%+_9MAT^PVW_ 'Y7_KA%)BG
MH(I_V7IW_0/M/^__P%)_96FD_\@^T/_;!?\*NXI* *9TO3AC&GVG'_ $P7


MM/\ OPO^%/73-/Q_QX6O'3]RO^%6:!28RL=.L3_RY6W_ 'Z7_F_V;8#/^@V
MW/\ TQ7_  JY28S0!4&FV Z6-M_WY7_E&G6(Z65M_WZ7_K5&* *W]GV7_/
ME;_]^E_PI?[/LO\ GSM_^_2_X5: HQ2T I'3; GFQM3]85_PIPT^R'2SMQ_V
MR7_K9%(!1H!7_LVQQC[%;8]/*7_  I1IMB.EE;?]^E_PJUBB@I_9EC_P ^
M5O\ ]^E_PH_LRQ_Y\K?_ +]+_A5NBE8H=
L#R;&V/UA7_E_LVQ_P?*V_[
M]+_A5GO2'I3L!5_LZQ' LK;_ +]+_A2?V?8_\^5M_P!^E_PJU1@=^E&@&6EA

5THTVP\L$V-MG'_/)?\*YJ:666\@EFC

Y

M
N92/



7@CPR@!32+?'4'!-6T\+:#'PNDVO'_3

M+&W);J?LR\?I4-YX\\


4^C%%P(SFB
MGXI




MZ58Z+I


M2_ZV


8)9?[\AQ]!Q1823#W$2=E)8U
ZN=LR#+(%

JK[NU4Y/$M

M#H*G5;CT
R\\5V( B@


]!7I_V_0]#
MM%MUGM;:&,86-.!]*G?<=BIX7\(:=X7L]ELIEN6'[VXDY9O\![5TE<K+XZT
MTMY=A!=7LG80Q''YU'_:_BN];_0]#2UC/\=S( 1^%.ZZ!9G75ROC)Q]B7#+D

35D:


M9W7*

MBEI*!!1113 **** BBB@ HHHH **** DP*6B@ HHHI %%%%
 HHHH ****
M BBB@ I:2B@!:2BBD 444M 44M)0 4444 &*:5IU%
!FVDQ@T[/O3:8@IV

1%
_EPN_\ =4FFP*(+


%M)NDAGLS-.[!%
S%LG&?I47]I7
M-U?VMEI5BMI;S1L9)$CP4P2

M6'[DHN.P6AV$C+UEF77%! R
$@5I:YKBZ7I#30;))% &
_=_^O7
^)+R5;E[

MM.N?%$WVV^NQ%#)TC
M:ZLD9;1+IP.$A(W5:DF0XL]?CU:PD *W









MS7_XF$7WCW:BBZS/7:***8PHHHH **** BBB@!
44M% 48I:* $HI:* $
MHI:2@04444 %%%%, HHHI %%&** BBBF 4444 %%%%( HHHH ****8!1112



LCJ*)JMZ+F<\M#?D0]?F?O5W)L2IXL%Q.L=II$4D@/#N2Y!]<U9
ML]5U[4M1
0C6*U\L
76
J


Q);)3CKVS0VHZ1;HCK8VX
M






MKZR%KJDEI&L:XC*.$:

M-%M(G6SLH(Y2


M@04444PBBB@ HHHH ****0!1110 4444 %%%% !2$4M%,!NVE I:* FG.:



M-210)!YRK)A57T)[UBW?B#1M)C
5I%]JDSP2



$^4



MY\^3DN/]D=_K3/F@PSS#4=6L9[V8MN6V8;(\^KL?YO3;O7=7M;!I]VDV%O

MAZ*TE#6HA8@^80ID/=C]:\[\
VDWB34;SQ-?7QM9GD*6TF#NV]ROIZ?G74GP
M[I
QW76HS73$]9G=J%+70?+H+XCE2XU97CE$B'&'!X-=M%*T6E)+'$976
$(




MVZ00(







8D@E21#T9&!%3T %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1124 +2444 %%+24BBBF 4444 %%%+2 2BEHH&)12TE @
MHHHH **** BBBF 4444@EI** %I*** H6_P/E!_=4L:FJ&(;I97]3M'X







TZE4#
!COGI4;[EK0P[


9BD<A'*HV
M<?C7Q/?^++II'N!::<#^\N)#P?91W-;'A[P3J&I2)J/B0JD6-R6CGYF/;?Z



\NS

MA.3*1V^E'


@


MGQ \7RF0+K$H


MZ_2LR7B5P.






$1GX






V. &QBA
#TK3_'7CK6&N#IJ)
:SY/BQXI@E:*6:)'0X97M\$'T(K;^W&MZP/^F?SKA/'

N6MK\);W]8
MY;8J?_KUQ_@QC_PE.ECM]K2O1/C5A;_2C@9\J3M0
7_ (6_XA. DUJQ[_N?
M_KUJM\0?&-MI\&HW=FB6
HRLX@)0CW(/'XUY#']_\Z][C/\ Q8H'TL__ &:@



M583DD_C7/_$58UOIR(U4_:I1D+CH:RO I/\ PD=@!_S\I_.D@:LSO)_B=K&F


M-/
N$AWL0
L3[5R
^NV

\

O!/YUSEO
AK+X?AM5=I[IQ*!TV


D?B5AN9+7/^W.?\*CEN?$%LWRI9%NV
MQS1=!R
ZXLVMX@1YRY('# UCN'\TB2[E./X!@?F:IR0^)K@!YKR*-A]Q)-

MKR]N$-S(F4.





?]6OZU!GGJWY49_WORH MM?


M9L[ M4$
DDI1%W$]!5C['=_P#/!OSHO8$FR6VU.6UC

2H3D_+DU6
A\


M8L:MXGU'6[:*WO4@:.(Y78FWG&*R P P8E(]R:O?V-J/:W_\?%)_8^H_\^Y_
M!Q1=!RR[%S3?%.HZ18R65I%;B!R2P9-Q.1@\UB\?\\A^9JX^EW\8):W; _VA
O-<NY;J\2(R

&%3GN2:W[[

MBJF[)B!]BQKI/#7C+4?T-U'IL%NOV@@MY@+=*QAIM\RAA;L5/(((Q2?V;?

_


[.&MOW\90

2T/)/!YJC

$\8S


M^*=6'!E_






V-%NI((O[5U(M)%NVVULH^



B



M^=47^XWT-7;;_D'WW^ZG_H546^XWT- &OK&[^UUSTRO]*BU7_D*M[D5=\0JB
MW]FRON+1H6SV/'%4-38G57]B


U
MQL+#L*L-;0#CRA^.:J/(I2?:P(\T
*T6(/2J9*WDVV[_5*#3P(4; B6D/#

M/6D.Y85;?_GBOY4[9;=/)2HEIXYH&AWEVW_/%*/*M?\ G@M)VI*0QPMK8\^2

@

\TQ6*TV@F(R


_F:N$4PK1S44D9OV(X
A+








MTH^=.#T9O5CZFM?Q%JB6FEO+N5HXN(Q_SUDZ9_W17F\6JWPTZ6Q2=HX9I#)
M%X


WZ@!

X6!(O\
MKGYSBO#_ (9%O^$ZM HY




^Y^IH;$D1?Z881M$_4;M

M+Y&
=

E^2#GG'O3FMI_
D&QFC+[L


 W[PQG+$=NO:JZV4H6$
_(8E^3SZ=Z5(+TKAV&6);A^F1TI



M(Z

M4*003DYQ6)=^.;8Z!=:2EA&K31F-I#(3^F*IZHE:.[-Z#4?#3HGFR68([M@D
M5:.O^$+-=X$
IW=[I9LH[BV@CA9QO6=Q_JDZ%A[G
MM0GB#PRD



FH7+R+
.8DN
 1C^^??T%5]4TB35KKSIEU!47A%#CU_'

M792\/^%-+\-VVVRA#3$?//)R[?X#VJ[?7MM96[SW
R11+U=S@5S/B+XA:;H0



MJ*4J

A.=R?K4;
M;MO.W\*=C_IB/S%1O@?P;: +%@V)Y/\ KD:J'[S?4_SJU9#
LGM&:JD_.WU-

M*@U
YOWQD?6K.LW!GN+


2
U82



BE:X.26Y=

MZO\ =D\AMA_'&*IS2*55%CG;S4/)B*@'TYKT/PQ\0_#]CHUKIMQ-.)X8]K#R






\#JBX/S'MCBO!_)F
2





20S




AV%A



M[LR[^5[R:01Z@'AD'[R

MOMLO0!1]!7/^+KEIM'D@[91G!Z?6BUD;;N=9X!N;/0? K:GJ5PD0N9GD9F





9[FN+
ML[YM



MW_*CY?[[_E2DO_SU!I-S9_U@H 0D'H[TA(/\1)]*=\V
[UIK$YP2I% %BRXE



XKQF VC3J!




JRQR*ZQD\MSZ5+JMPUI$\4
M7
[$*A [DXS7
2;KC5)TADR^T-GTHYW5MXJELY3;W.FV^;@%%D1\ D'//I



=:]@UAY(= NI8(X51;=FD=..V*
MZ'%2:9RJK*$7%GC]KI0ELKETN3;ALQORS ''![CWK6\

'M7K'B6R@O]3\3





M9L/+0@_
?R_6C06IA)%=R@A(U;'7!Z5
+?4%#

MBCQ^\^R


&##L:ECD+%Y'.XN


MZ122S0B*(HNT1@C!)QU-;_AG7;/7-$/AL

1N))J_H%U)8

)Q

JP=.K*#Z



^]8OB$;M-NE]8V




M %SG^ 4G']VC\32=J! V0U(PYQ3F^^

?

\UP'THP
]*!BY+#)Z\4OS-SZ4@^Y^-/


M+W5+/3((3=3!%?(7C.:4=V346B

C!R*\BO(M2M7E)M(Q TC%






]0WSP2Z:GFY)DJ V#GM^M8$?RS*C<
6 (/O6M)^[J8UO
MBT.DN=7FMM6^TRLDDH@C)#'!)QT'O7I?@I8IDM96?:Q^8+Z\UY'J

2/YSLI



_F.F]


OKXAUE42





8!L[7!P?Z5@V]G-=


M;F)S 5(VG' /X&J

$=,^QPO=2C][)SSUQ7$:?L^VP^:0L889
MSTKTV/PA(R

TM_:
T:JSVXX


MR7\@QM'(C'J?\*] UWO);.=;.6.*Y9(I'.0K=CBO$[CX7^






\J(P



G!)S[9JG!JOB9-?BTR/5KJ24RB
')P?Q/;WJM-A$WBR

M\/Y]5_2DYZY6D_X#1C_9KI.87GU%(2?448]J

(LW<YKEQ#:V/0P:35F<[J^L^(-'2.&XOI6FDSN
M595_6KVBZ3)K&CPWDM]
I8L0I8L!SCC)JG\1#_ *3IX#=8V/U.:ZKP7$I\


M:M0GBMA(/-92V
3 @A3TK-\0:[J=J4#
MWLERK+DB4YQSBJ^F
]F;67S2%Y@C(_JMS('CD-PI;(^7*]LFM8MWW.65K&

NX@[VQS[FE\.*ZVB!N ';.1UK*K)I:




0DX]

MVN6D)+ .6R0

E6O#5N]K=RVXE4I]G^Z
M/7/''TI_B.S6'P7=0JQ!:/&X]LL*J+O&YE45JC1R6C0VVH6D\D^GVR)C:$A


MP5
7=LUJZ05CR?XA:;;Z.UDMA!#$S[BSQH%.
:_:6DD <*<GG KU;XGR!

 9H8\D^BC/ J.ZA:';DYS4D;



M?K)\
VN@PQ7L]E'=P[9+F-0QCP!@X/;GFN+USQ/XWTY1+C5C+!,N^YB4&.





5R1.





MUI*


]

%^7GO63C[J.F
WS


ML




M:2
X# D#TKF=)MOM#$#J.:ZJWC$:@5R5;7.VC=H[#Q 2GA?10PW+UP/I4F@I




MQ] 9FFE7 /R=#]:ZBSB\S3KC(RXE_#M3FE&6A=.3G&[.NT+5;;3[Y6N(U^Z?



K$  _1A7+_  CO?-34XI')


Y.TDSV_P09XM$LS9P1[X@\DCNHRP;I@_7K75P3:J($>YF1%L[X
MSP.*\F\/7]]!8BVBG,4
*I2J.SKG]:W;#Q-
M:P#:]I*N.NSDN=LYMDH4MP3UQ74:O(%\.D@J&=U3Y0!N!YYJ)48RW.VACZU




MJT4VH3^+[&VD%S=210&.*(_-@?P^Y%.P'R^]:BUWL7BA$EP87\T%)
=0
M&]?:JL7AC57L[V\
/I#:H(;%9/+


M\!8J&


MF@E\B0H8V[


MS 
^@P:JSL8;L]-J
016C;RJNOW&\X;RE9_$UES*&OCG(!=C63Z'3'=B6NU
MYI0.7&*PHVFWW2[U\H2
6&.:VK92MR?FR-PS6?;PNMQ=
8\Q-(PW5I!VN95

M*NI=
QI6:.3N3F




M7(UZT9F;R0C8![Y'%;&MZQ_95B9#C=M(5?4U2TX*U[;
6^81G/Y5S/BV_%[J


M*KNR/;BKA %M


8DB5?
_VE_^M36XGJCF *.O

MN*H64T]K
+B#!P




3QS1YVW(7^(8-247?.6.



AW8]
U&LTT:NJ32*K_?4



+ 9ROYTFT]R/S

((Y9DW@Q$!%[<UFZ+IL$.J0SW.HV0A4D\L3D_E76/:Z/
M+J7R:S9JZKPA; S7/55Y:';AYJ
'=]3D_&



M=1


6 CFJNBK<+:VQ\^


.V.M

-1SN7'$1K0;5+%K+R/MAR


'K\I'/K3/$S_
M &?1KV1%W$


#=F//XF




SQK8
M3







5?\ EVB0?[HJTMHB#HN?0+2]H'L3R(13'I%(
M?HAH

M YI^&7[R$?537L
5G9V

^NW)JO.UAN+M;PRR#H77@?A2]J/VZL\H



M]@G4'=!*




MGSZ;32?9YL?ZF3_ODUWQCCC)(CPWKFI(X#*?NDGN!TH]H'L3SP02D\1R?@II
M-CYZ



M(R_F

MN?R*=+S/G\:/X@*[1H\V/^O84T:-KP.%T:7CJ#;BOH-@67)=NE
6WQR78D]:






H;ZC-4C

M&2


M$MK=P!E8?6NFL+OPM@&ULD)/1'(&?I3YT0Z3;.$\0Z7/%X3$*+N2X4MM.-



MX^E1V\?FJT0.&8X'O6IXFB\K5BPZ.@-2^$-
.JZC-$J;FCBWCG&.:F3LF5!7
MDD9[:7?JH MV/N*5],OR1MMI/?FNYN='N[?.8W&/3I54!E;EB*CVC-711Q






GFI-I7N




MM
/F2\J.
=:M+9_+^\8D4]MOEA54;10!0\L ?-G\Z9D'Y5^7_:SG-6'A8G.X



MJB1B0
#CKTIY? XY-





+Q91;PG
MJJ%@HBF_W6Y_*J5SI5_;C$VGRC'
G

M#?B2W'[N*WGXZJX'\ZYB;2/$MMO




C

VVDVAV=J2[

M#@T7:#EBSCGMYXV(F39Z9%1*D@)V2AAW!KT)+:U==KQB5?\ :/(I6T73)4PL
M*J?;K3YB'!' B:1/ED3Y?SIVZ-ATVY]*ZV7PU!N.QW3_ 'N15=_A/S**JY
M'(SGD78



MUR1!LD^9O6F([.?5 @. %]R:Q;SQ$%(56W-Z]JYV;4I)#]\X/XU3:1G8DMQZ
M$46N'



M*!EG[4TO0$?C4HNXXE&%W
22C# (O89YIT<Z


MFI!(


FD?
M# CUIB
/RJN8SY.QP6Q=I4Y))SG.*1-\9Y)8=#FMV?067_4W
/1N#5*?2+X
-QZY%



M%LDB@SP1MG^)#BK
7BNUC=?
65/4D9%+5 ^5F=)X6NX^!)$X/3MFJTV@WL2\

4[H7(S@XM4O(.

_AFJ7_  C$C ^1.#_L


@?C2^:
\D9H$*
MH

MRSY'90*F*QIP!^ I'
C':NQ5/IU-
V.

MP!&Y'4D#C\ZCDN'+E8HI&YZCI0!*D:VX'.#Z4V1]S;E7CTSBHUCFR-X4



MCIBI! 3C+8QVI2K














M[2X(





SO8_$EA(
^81]14PUJ

MB_\ ?-%+E'S'4SZS\IV\L:?4FD8GS.?K5$R/*N


MU


L[;6]&EM[2
0ZI



 9JZ$1%
MXY/K6@'LPS*;

MN[!VI8[*VG=Y[M0UO$OS#'!H2NQRE97



M%&\:)&$;;EP#W--K0A2ULS.\Z3.-F5[D5+$=Q)' QQFE  &
_C4RCVYI%LK


K@J1D8/IVH5

/N^
M]-8@L


M4^+8G

MUI#1?64CH_'O4RR@C![UE^: .II1






M*5)E4=% ]?:FD2WJ0^(5BD\-6G]BLCZ3')^\.3O$GJ^?\\_2N.=  
OD]O:N

3#0] BCP(



G'(/\J%NA3^!CVBLO
):5SR?




M_445T

M ]JVM/TFW@@U!4R/


M'O6Z^HWNB^([N\@! 


DC!%'J3Q76ZO



X&[N

X[&I5?C/
M:BX[%M9
X#'IP
TK9%5S(

MNU-:

V[-%P&%G4\=J7*2 JP!'?--&X9$AQ33A2HR#ZT7 5HR 2)OHP_K4

MMF@1@?;FHR;I$PR)(AYRG6IHKK=\LJ



AP



MVJBQ)P%/YT!B#Z?C3&: R9)DCOBFF
IEU49]5'-5DF;''45829F^]Q2$'V
MAO7_ 
=HI_F+_?\ THIA9DZ
C?=&:E*+D']#3E10.
#Z4
H881?E[L:0Q?
4
M+R1[4AD8C(&!^M1FWV_



R!C^]
CGN!@5#)!/
Y9G



M]Z4Y/)ZT#BFD@#ZT D5+N.5K1ABW .*Y^X\+(@)M3S_=)KIE&X[AG&
+]*

M%SD'GTI


G'(&['(]:BDE6%T9CA2

M3GY3.3GWJ1-3NMIQ



D2GCGK4!ODEE80_.!W'2C$C@@D!3P:&AW'17DJX832#'H:OQ:U

SKM/\4?N0+B$8'&]:UTU*TO$_=RJ6


-@KS@KZ'O4

CWIH0

N[.!D&D:
M&=ML\:O[



M+

M$QN2HZ.!G\Q3YP=

IK
GT^ZMSB



M






MCJ:?'=2PYV2


U2^;.




?/3G^5%AW.DTMHYE&.2/6MI47
M*D ;EZ5R%O=?9'!'7V[UNVNII.
@C=Z5#1:=S7+9.')]J;]_H?EJ)7W1^Y]:

-
MMS+*BYZ GDTB@*

:D:0$\?7F
MG1MN5I



R% X;


M;=UY:=_SJO!

M0XZ_=:BP7.@M?$-U-LA$J_[76M:U\26DARYB;L3TKCV.!D\4S=E3GJ*3BF

9/!JBFLVQ'WP/3FI/[0

9/'X5 K;@

'@U6N)8PVZ2
^@=3TH 8IZ9R!Z4(^25YZ]ZCED\M=S-A&XW'I3M
MZE@
_0TR6/?/!49IR.
?-_\ 7J!F*L3N+9%(TN0I(^N*=A7+H;G(.13B^1US


)IUY_WX:BBF'
R%M'U;&?[

E6




@.RQN23W
344

M03?'_M@W^%5E\.ZX0=&O^#Q_H[8Q^5%% ^9DJ^'=:+$-H]]Z_\ 'NW^%3Q^
M'=7 .=)OO3_4-_A110',RI_PC6N*TBKI-\,-E3]F;!_2D3PUKBC#:1?$^OV=
MO\***8N9W(CX:UR.=771]08,,-_H[?X59_X1W66 SHM]Z'_1V_PHHI#N(_A7
M59 -(OAC_I@V?Y56E\
^(XG!ATN^*$8(^S-G^5%%



MOV28J1@@Q'!K+N-+U2U??;65Q);]X=AW+]#W'M110HH'-DT=MJ14'^S[H?6)


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

'S'11
M*IY7G#J:ANM^%\J0$Y!Z9]ZNQ7!DA*,K*3R<CE:K3;8I5APJ;VW!CT?U_&
MK7F2[)Z:FDEY:)%;Q/+']H&,H&Y%0/)&TI48VACFN?\ %6BFYEM[VS9HKE#C
M*'!859MI/)LU)F1W^[ND'Y@^]-(DN7LR0,BWN\+$ 2@9Q[-5A5#N8W(*.NW


MGD&

1[I!SNQP34+6RM(

ZG !%*LJ1N&#EB





MT#V
?O
M8IZ$XY7KZ5#C=-%MGH%HG^E[B<_TK3[5R_AR_,LRVTGW@5;U%=
W^K;M\IH


[] :YZ[OKJ^E)N)F



MC*M\)H450L]6MKS*[O+=3M(;O5^K.%IIV84444BBEQ0

M-T

M#.
-QUQWI@NHMN-C8--)A9V_K_


J8G0C& ISQ6L3FJ[$NFG)NAZ2_TJV/NBJ.F'
MX/27^E7A]T?2MS




MU:JVPG=:D5_O$J[3M:-MVP]Q[5CR.%

ZGT]JD3SKBU




B.6W_ 'D?H?RZ&JP^TVHF&X
NWJS9


M./;FL27QMH


5









M&1A1_P )WHN_;O?ZXH49(/D=&L$:'(W9]VS4O:N8;QWHJY)D?C_9-



MM5R68.2Q)_&KJ^+=



MI?=\SAN/6JK3++*J/#(
GN#5B

MW169IO%]?#_:4_I6DOW16_0\V7Q
$^Z/J:LU50_+^)JU6=0TI!11161L1S?Z


M0D]?536I&?
A5O






MQ]P?E7FDLFO31$/KUZJGKC:I_052
6KQKMCU[4@HY;$N?YTO82





3DNYZFNF6*D%+&W0GN(AFD-G;I(B&UA.X
MGGRA7F
=G=..=9U3/_7P:4VUR#SJFI-CH?M!R*?LIBYUW/4!I]J4XLH1G_ID

/\ D)ZD?;[2U'LI=PYTCT\6

_U$CL1=-4!T[)O<:B
M^?\ IZ?_ !H]A+N/VB/6HH BD<-R2W-/\I?[J_D*\GBT-%?F:^VG_IZ?C]:
M=+HD?59+P8[FZ?\ QH]A+N+VL3U;RAG.T?D*7RE./D'Y5Y
NC(L66N;QF_Z^

M)U#45.?^?M_\:8FBON9?[2U%AG@_:F'%'L9=P]JCU7[+#W@B/U04UA'_++

M_? IOV.V(&;:$_\  !7F1T1X^!?:@?K=/_C3%T*/?^]N+W)Z
+E_\:?L9=P]

MI2+S?:CGVNVH]E+N+VJ._\ L4!^];Q'W*D_L^V(YM83]8Q7F?]F11/AKS4
M6YZ?:GJY%HMLX!%[J0!]+MZ/92[A[6)Z!_9]K_SZ0_\ ?L4G]G6O_/I#_P!^


Z*1K.JD]_\
M2:/92[A[5'=_8X!TMT'_  I4A6(8CC@]0!BO/FTJX0#;KFK?\ @1_]:HWT


M_:Q.FECC=&WJ#@5ST1_TM'




M


E7VXJM%


\


MW

57G-(]NNS&\C-.5L]0*)74#
I':@5C0C.TX( --E=2W(P?:H(
M9@<Y;)]Z=DDGG/MZ4@L2[R[8Z5)AW7 (!]ZIF9HVRQR/85(+P4LQYBDW<_0


M8\C\ZHR2O:S+E#L8_?!J^0RMR
BJ]S%

MT]JHVSF(%7.1ZFKD

MB&[ XZTRW(D@&_E@
$5/9V2WMW'SF.
[F]QZ5

H-9]E?(,@MC:=K@GH:T1M*$J<C.16S,V.(_8TV)-SY]!31.IB P<


GD
1BM0N64-W'4UCDM]K4[PPWY_.LY]#JP[TD:=@?\


K9.?E&*O+T'TK.J71ZBT445B= 5S^A_\A&X'U_G705SVB\:

-


MQ
;:3Y428YVM_LMZ5'?V5J9%B$Q5YCN54;#$CKCUH =JEM:R6Q$J_N67 7^#
M\


?SXKT)+/N4DD[EX/O[?6K$SM_9


U5(K2*

50J-

$T1
\:[ 
M/?K3((
AO

3GGI0&C+:


:Z2RE!'[M<XVCG-2+JESP7@8)V:HX81=V<JB/+
M?Q9&31!)(4$1P!C R.:!Z%W^VC''=01^M1+X@BG)10
$XYX(]ZJ2LD388%O


5T=@IY4#C]*L
MMJ$6JL\3#@C:.U064\$\08J05;!(%':R-:*^1XE?N?6IC.WE@JH+-V!JJ+
M)93A)04 R-IZU96UA,' '%)V)LBO'?!+EHF!BE'8G@U!8:W*/$/V5I&0J!)
M


M\MED!RX(_.LYHZ
.]RS:-MUQW8@#R
?K6LDOG#
MO[5T=E+_ 

8





MY:
CV;MFK83^T+50KA6=/
PI!_ BI;:V'V-BC&54.QHMF5;/JO;\*I*R6TTL
M-O 02V J/E4QZ'JI]J8BG/#=6T9*S+-$G!P2-O;-6VOOLURLSVHP-L;2AOF!
M([^HJU=1S3AI@^8W CD0##J#ZCO5]TVX!5VF' PL@^Y_P ]#3 TEU**:/R
M9;?._PZ5;*DCMGL:T6FTW_ %+$

X:+;G:WWL'TIQ6HF[)W-*/P+J'#L;8Y&0I;D5S-[;75K=&W



MP:.3GG(- 6=A9EDRSR*%4#&WN:AC#3+A@6P


K
[KM7LI/)ILENH0^;;J%!



'&
]:!63-!K6WGP\1!-#648

;&Z


M$L;A0R#'S'K0%^QG1Z./
EB

 Y&&K4NK=YHOM=LNV3'

;6Y&!5&#5GD




X]S[4


\;!AN;!%2WY







M&LW$=S&T;


MZ2F3Z/C-8AVXXJ
@=Q^-'*@LC9_MJPQM_LM=N.@D_P#K5)'XAM





;@C'VT_P^*YP8QVS2@ #/K2Y$



_[-2CQ0Q()LK8_\


MY$*YKIK$*''V*/\ $DU

M^Q19/4UEK4JBIY4%V:



R4G8\R [FQT8JMM<-/?RP-=//N8LLFS;

SUGY)E%
MS(



M
UZ1=:I%H^F:;/J5YJ$++

^7M.?KBI6T34XE
CV%
MRJ*-Q8QG@5Z?]KL+GQ28G=([^S@RC9&)D9.GU!KD=1U2]3P'9R#4)S
]W*K-



M)OLQ^6

M0Y[XQ6 &Q6D7=7):'@\8JPK[5( YQS57=EN*D5N#U%
!V_GIUI-WRGGG-
W8

]JFA!VEATQB@9



M=N.

#S5-'J8-R*0K%M6S4JMC



M6B^%F==;

MVX*@VF3YF?IZ4EWK.DQZGI[K%T^1',Q:TY)_A[5U7^BDD--#GOEA3MEH1@R
M0D?[PJB^9')ZCJVC Z?-:11_9FN-MPQM?X,=N/7%&JZIH/\ 9C3:;' TBRH

CE=1U#P\=(O)=+2VDNHX]R

MV./4^]7OM7VN*'RVM+2*53AW'SDC^(GL*AN-



6J:2\QGC*
M1QP/NC8]




MU\)O)XM;1;NZ


LF
M8B







@YJ82CIFJ*2 #KTI_F#/:@5C067GFG&?WJAYO3W


$L4!!53Z^M95]JEWIMY*B
MZ;((7R&2WEPY'8@]Q4'3=


_PD
-!MQ*2


60  2'
MLW'\7:N9SR:VK:XFN8+B$+















X
7]R.DGZ4O\

MHY ]?
;_&CZPNXOJDSSK[?


MS#ZI(\T^WW/_ #T/Y4?;[D_\M/TKU*/P]X7D&/[(V-W!D?(_6K^%?IY.ER




M=*\/2JIBM1P



MZ_YZ_H*/M]U_SU_05WW]C:!T^P1_]]-_C2#1- &2;%/^^V_QI^]W'[
X/[?=
M?\]?TIW]I7@ 'GGCIP*[EM%T$CBQ4?\ ;1O\:A&@:

XS^


F/3?5-
M/VD/-Y6)0=VW[]/WNX*!Q?]H77_ #U/YC^T;O_ )ZG\A7H

M1G[]5[+PGHUS*4V2]
N.'H][N+DZG ?;[G&/-/YD^WW.<^;^@KM[SP



]1_P!\BD.KWIZR
M#_OD5VFB^$=)NGF$J2R;7(&7QQ^%:EUX*T.& L+5ASU\PT7GW%RJ]CS-]0N7

V\4UI/O16(DX+#VHBI

M89G
-Q$0?NCF-N3T-%RRS;^(KW4H?L%^\[QGA%23:5;L3ZXK8N76SL-TB6TH
M(9(V(*NP'\2X/!]ZQE1SYCJ)&V9PC@

*L62
ONQ]0:+
MVQ;@UF]\]I3]Q%+'L#21;L@=SCDXJ[XKAVZ1#(R!7:0=!QTK6]EDO ]K'
M]FB;[4)4 '@C\:Z#QG'%%96JJS
VX YZ=*5RDM&SCD3(J38*5).!_*I?/


MUJ.P\0V*K
!I\H2(9(+C/7%
DL)O/=BJ2KO!RHPWU%4%T^5(M1*;75EPK$8;



M1).[8

V;_ /7

X]


;

F+;
M'ZAIMK;V4TB1D




MP&TM21G#'FN9\1ZDEVD









WK7HU1/H;0V/.Y;6-QAD!K*N=!LIL
M[[=,GN!@UO-TJ!NM0C=29RS^&53FUNKB ]MKY'ZUO6:E+=5:1Y& P2Q[U.0*
MCC&,_6G=@W<Q?&/E-X?D69]JEQ@^_:N&T^5H\-YS3MQ&L;#<H']!77^.I NA
MHZJ#
 2PXKC;2%)EG-LH@:-
B1)/OD]

4T4D:

F'
M/S1\KC.\9K NOS:?]K5Y%NJ;HSDC'/?WK,^R6Z1W3LCGRHPP&[H?:GS03)
M2J,=KUK'J.H/<6DL*HR@89P#D55O=*GN;H-'-;LHC103*.PQ5M_#UT]FDT$Z
M,TD0E^GMGUK)NDN(KJ2) P\M5+#TXYJN:#9E*$UN+_8MUC/F6__ ']%/_LB

M9=3T5I# ]DWF  [Y
U/JM[J.KI$LYL4\LD@I+UJE_P ([K?_ #Q/_?8I5\-Z

UBXN]5N8IGGL$VICR
MG_J'_,:OC^#_OY3Y/#&JHW5. #]^GRZ6L/G\S:T_7;_3;&.UC?3F5,\F1L
MG]*I7]]?:E=^?)/8(=NWR''\JRI- U2/G /_ ZKG3-2#8V-_P!]5+AI9Q*5

V[@D?RKFXM+U641@


.=V*A&A7F%^4'('.



45(-$5#AKRT
M]CYHKK?^$.T;'$<_U\TTG_&:02?DG]AYM'LH![61S TB( 9OK/_ +^BIUTZ
!^_71_P#$:+GB*8<=I33F\%Z(%!\F7_OZ:.6%P<Y
MVZ&*LFG@8^VP?]]5



M]QZ8YS2[L(.*Z3 CFYY/2M?P5&N=4:
G8)2 3]*P9V+Y&:Z/P $2TO0IW-YK

Z[N[


S?X5T$-Q9QS*_D.


MOW9^NZF7@BFBAP@VXSDBMW-I;G*J4)2VT/
EM?&K2JJ7ERQ)[3OIO#^_P=


4V./7ZT6+

S/$XA60B+.1C*TYB)4
MW.DX8@[

6(JHP8PA0C\:5@*^G?\



@$
 /6I/&X0


MA15N6T0IT!^HKVEA$E[KLSR7C+NTE='&7=B+6X=+.]\V-HPICE?!/N&KF;B.


MR012P@[R.-P[4MKX@L[:U1(8UG1!@;9/Z5:L_&EE*S)) %QUCDE W#VJZ4[W
M:W



DUK0ID
M




\+:7-IEO/-%(TDB!

MH(+

M7

$QEW!EF\L97 (QG(-&BZQ-HD
MUS#&DCL-F'Z=:K/JE_J$)6[N7E1#D!NU1H1_94@VYRP[=.:M/W;HB6LM3:;Q

$QM



_X2_5W_BC7Z)7.HS%
M!C]*4

FN7SXW7

M1O)*?NJJTN9]6:12V2-XZ[?-(QB





M8]#5^S.=/MS[II[&&(Z%C_EJ?I6=K/)H\JQDAL\$?6M'_EK^%
#;(F.
X)


+;Q5KQZ<W

CW*+]R7


MM MS/(TB+^\B8$
,[2U-J:1Q=74D]DC,(DW-&<[<$$'!KF;H W4KHI
Y
M(R

B+'(0_ ]







MXKEFM)=Y^4@5Z;J


MJ$X.3TJ]8N]O+&YSA6!Q6\]I'
J&+:N5'&







&^E1 \511R/C:6:*:P\E2Y&\D X/:N-)EFD-PC7$)\S@/@@'O74^.T

0Y'6D:


DO^C3LQ4]?E..M8S2=D:TY6;9S&HZPDS#9*3@8Y':L
MBYO7N(]C8P#FFQVT]Q$TBA0J+EBS ?EZU R
KE&&&!Q64*:BK(UJUI5'=C:Z
MSP=*(K34CW\OC\JY;8 2&.

JXN6F


%]?)82(]E;!7

D*
M;(SI=Y

[5!!P1R#1=WQE)9V+,W))/6N=2\VC[U-DO1UKA^J^]<]7ZXN49
MK4@D5


MJW

Y6(IM._[V3S^58-KY5O(ZBWN

_I
M3[1HI-/M8Y9BN5SM)^Z?I7+:Q=32Z0\D:ML:

.

MBNDA8;G4@
2.];-6.&;?-N
@L8K6-@L0C4MA0N
'WXK
*Y\K:


H-=KH
JI'(IF\LX!QC.


C!)YJQIISI:'_/6H$V&2\=/N$\#\*DTMO^)7T[
MG^=33




M1V(8HT\L+

4=J7M32
Q
5UGPU7=XKSCI_@:Y
]*Z_X:9'BM@!GY3GVX
M-+J'0T?B1]C

 /2MGXFQ3



U!0%/RY)QSTK-NH[A@JF)^.HVFKV@P31Z?J!*

J1@J
M?2JI:3U)J+30HZ!+(E\J(RA')#[QD8Q6]IWPZ\1:M*TGE+:P
25DG;&1Z@=:






M3572Y7

M




*!6\



#=_.OH%F#V4X &3$W'X5\^VNX:O+N&&RV1Z4U






K6[L
%ESS]*U-5/R
M1#ZTWN825G8RR?E?Z5'NXIQ^Z]
/2K0CSGQB[-XGP/

MR ?/R%YK4\87



C+CRV/!Q75A-
MY:7.7$JZ2O8W-/B
?BFRC@





\ ]*


MCY7%+Y:_WJ2N.Z







FMRN5P6+$BO8M)M)DN(QA5&
MQMW/7@]*\;'RZY*.F'84WT+74T6!!SF@
::^2


]0
:/49$0?:HE8KM<B0?-65K


]#





=ZEI&L;V
M$@TY+5IUY$T3CHL1.?SJE-8V:MD2W+-_N@ I)+_P4IN)]*J/=$G+?SJ78
M=A)HK9%Y2:0XX+28Q^5$ESMM;%/]9&3E3Z?6JTL^XXQ^51-\R8(.XGC-.%5

G!(V'-(ORJ?E//O3$!D!Z*0:D22

MAIK/$5[FHPK$9()I
'D &@0-%44HR^4/ZTWYO2EY[@4P'$X0CCIZUYG\1H6
M;78G!&! /YUZ/(3L( [5Y[\0HVDUR,#./LXZ?6DWH.USB8UD6163[PY!':K4
MY)MAG^_S5VQTU[F3;)?
&


17;@J



M[3=P[$G.X\BC3GDF66')\L1EL^_:I4FCJE&


M//OZ42'G%

T:W@8L!
M@


+*P 1-H(HBGS:F47'[*U/$8]:NH9

M/[V

W3$#ML%59!=G


DJ0.HQ7H1B






M*LV


M5;@DA0HS

L!]X^M

ML]PNV

M/.



+Z$577
5#MP3Z9/K7&G0=<9\&UNRP&!F.J=^A


LQ



M);7

I!.267-7_P#A']9\K:=!G#XZ



M6PGB

MFS8$=MZ_P-6(- UA(=KP

M]*\7O&_XJ.Y)P?WS]/K7L.@RQVEI#'/*B



K&






M_P#/W/\ ]_#2[12[:+

MO_/U/_WV:/M%Y_S]S_\ ?PT_&*7 ]*+

M*!2A*=F!%YUYG/VJ;_OX:47%[U%W-_WV:DVG

X\


M@6FUS6B

#4[G_ONC^U
M]:S_ 
A.Y_[^&H

XII



C'X5NZ3?6U]J
KVLZRHH W*
;G122O4BH5L(
M



3P& J334AVXZ\4


'3[G'^





G_?-76T_6@?FM[T'ME33?LFKKSY=X/^ -
M2L@N5/L\W_/&3_ODT^.TE=PK(Z#U*FK)M=8P/W=Y@]/E:D-OK'W=EWD=MC4[


8/0!R,55F3==CJ_#DVKZ]IK7GVF%/WA3;]G!'%:+:5K8D&+NU([G[*,
MUR,&HZ?90^39PZG#%G.8IB!]<8I/[61@S)+K3@#D<C!]^*.5BN:_B'4]8\/
M/:DR6TPF+#_CW Z5B+X^U+?\]O9D=\18J&XEMM0VF[_M:0+G:&;=M_2J?V33



M/;YCQ3_+OV(Q'+QZLU'*%S.5'YS&_P5+Y4V,-_^^35[R]1;[D4J]R?FYIH





MM-_LR\&?]';\Q4CR:D&PWF


MH93@@BM'1@1JB')^ZW\JGF']J6;2@?Z7!P_^VOK0Y H(Q8;&2[
@5(\1H7)(
ERW:8\Z1_*0X^[ZFL\))-)@!I)&/IDFBX<

M52J1 XWR-M%)=:?=VT0E8H\1XWQMD5=EAFO-+M?LWSB($21KU!SUQ6:QEB!@





+&6NBZ5&-HTV 9]$J$6

MMW'D&BX6*2Z9IJ#Y=-M!GKB

M:A7=@KR



DC
MNV-S
6.*:7/0=:26@[FM=1&\TVVN(AO
*^7(!_#[UF@ ?**+6\GLI-\+E3W]

M5?S3CH*.5@Y:EAV&W Y)I0W&



MI##MSTKT_7H[R^@B2W5HV5B=[+N&#VQ6+I.A:L79IYHBH/ CMPI/XXK2*2!M

MIO/^4?







W8'0T;L

M+&ERV.E%@N2Y/H/KF@DYZ#\ZB^:D^?THL%R7 /.
'ZT'*CIGZ&J^Z3)!4T;I
M

C&2Q-5[HK

M8^_-^!J-_#]K(N&DN
8_OXH]WN'*S2DOU#A59-WI3OMD:GF6+/UK)70K0LCE

Y
M;-T


_6LEM$



M0K#/ZTU[36&&5OK?'8;&X_6BR Z'*?W:/D[BN9.EZUDL-4A)]/+.!^M
.G:X

















 V2O7WZ50+

BJP&W:?6CV4NX


H


XZH#35











M06]3736



6SUR*=Y&57+GGT%27?WT%/&
1#VJ8U)
M-[CE-MB\/#\1DFXDY7=G:*'T-E!N7VG.20!C S6NO_'Q_P!LZPO$%X+N







PY49+:#
M!L#9R?=13/[%BP1Y[C_ (*VI7 14'+9X%-A0!F)Y/K1S
.5&2/#\2+YGG2



O^Q8





(S4BPG-%V%D=POQ3OQ

7('R_P Z.9ARHSSI
('S2M^(%1MID()(EDSZD5J!


MBTN-I
&1R
=





MT^




-SR:B4[=OY_6G2LP/'&:8



MU9VE@#I0


@' ^8^
M@IC[]F2 OZFD
D]S3?
7MS].U5BY/7]:3)[_ (4 ?./C2'R?&.J)T_?D_G7/


:-V64C QTS0QB=3@C./I5:$:DJ2H0!N X[TX<R-BH_+RH

MMJ@;-+PNNV+'I6XGWK@_[7]*R?#P_=FM9?N7!_VC6ZV




MJ**T_5(^H3Z^]:O@_P &QZ0@FF19+PC[Q'W?85Z#%IPBA5GY8]J5RTK$6GZ?

M











OC)5&SM]C[U4*XSWK7UR]M[Z\\RW$NW


M0






M;/F2'^$?2LK6H]0.CW\D)!NFP\[?CQ&/H*XSM:
F_G&H7BA/DLX!L4=E4=_J





0FM$
M']S





%I
MM

A0'. /3
M- KD31Z?9:ZD:/%&D:L _+!7[%LTBWBN\
K-J%_Q

/6FGVZT\X!

1](!BR JO



MUY6:]E^
]LJZ5ILB@_+





UB_B+7






GECFHG4(03UH1@C






G-1?Z9=1J;@K%R;@R+DLIS
MP#3+:VM5N;A'W
IB#I(^/D!]0?RH!B&ZN9I66V1P9Y69CM 4]\^UV-Y=0S

V* !NM1J^R:-N3\P/
MZT.26X!YJ:+3[F:

$*_





Q?%M%\L$:\*B_X^]8X'?HM:PA;5D-W
M#CVJ:.-YF5$4G/0 4ZUM)KR=(8(V=V.%4O8?!G@-=/C2\O8PUWC*KU?_7J
MKB2N97@SP5\N^U6$YW QPG^9KUFUL/*@''&[A0.U3P6JQQCCY\\#T%7D4 E
M,DDC\JKCHP&A P
E1QOM.0.U6!A\%AQV%5GSG('
M&3R: +. !DGM5?.?;BGH_#
[8 '4\5Q?B?XAZ3X=1HQ()[H](H^6'X=OQHN!








@*H]2:D%JO\;LWL.!3

M/X5U*

]:9$HHHI#BBB@ HHHH ^H;-8[BU20;
MUR

M



6R_2F/H5[8%
/ZUX@N=7F( \FU3B*%3PH


L



M
\[^

5:HI B+YZEC09XX8L%EB0= 3@4R;HKK
MITK?ZUPJ^@Y-3KI]NG)4L?\ :-9]QXETRW&/.,K#M&,_K26.M/J,3M'8E5M

M*W-'\
VMW#%-)

AQ^E0J=?U/A$=$_V

M$2$


MZG'UIB*K_?/UI*=)RYP?I3/F]A]3FF M-) ZDIHX!(NYG;KT'%2I%&G*HN

MTR1IHI:2D

K44

#/S1UDW#K&RI&4P/4]:MVT\D47

M/]E.W)MVQCJ%I:%&@KB0DIT8Y%5[D*TJ$$

M-972[26.WD6.0 O-


8*GS9Q_P LQCD#




HYJ*( ,I[D<F@
M!X++<#'UJ$?


GI4+DROP=H'YU+
M* L!P


$C


_K7SUWIHEB_PBHCUJ;^ 4J0JQY)


JWT;Y@


MNCI6$)6E8WE!N-R]HVKQQZ7B,%(7^+@9I[WL;L79T+,W.VJ^F:L^D)=S.5

^]=A713^%&
OB9!(74\L?PXJ//%2S

M 2 3VI/
7MD_05%

4HI*$(-H(/'4

D924
MM)2&!Z8J2:9YV#/C(4*

H5?N

(

UO5O[-L99/
3SE&6=ONQ#U_P%9U)V




MXG^4#Z#J37M?ACX8:%X=V3/']LNQ@^;

@'V%='IQ'VR^P
 3GC\!3'9'
^&
M/A9H7A]5EG3[?=@Y



M3)2RQ+\U
8R0YEQU.:EC# G^'(J&





M.U
/*5'0(E-S

Y(R:
M3:6XTB_8Z7%L#F


RWMR-X


UV?AO6M3BT9+*%






M





MXV554+&0H X&*PSJ






B%HT\HN)4




#;_%VK
G)\DY'.16




W$[I14D

3(J1)][D
M[:Z(1J.F




M8L!@#ZFI!;G^)P/H



M2F9C#24M)2&)12TE !112T ?3?\ ;6E-\LMO(I'7*4HN]&FGYW?+C&4/%8+P
M0/)DQ


M

M\!?4KM5D ^2!.9&_@3-O.2


._' EM3T
ME



MZK#8PRF\!D)Y20CD=178^'M=NM5+?:$1=K8^7G-8DN@Z3YJQF!P=N00_2MC0
M-+MK2

?E;Z'^59/A__ )!5O_N?UK0DD 1^?X3_

T]P7F++]W/4T3IC:2?P% B6/_5)D





MJ5(SR0!]:Q]7=6ECV

7L:%^Z
4W
M






^+3;O$]L
=+4#]37FMU_K1]*I;&?4[?X7KG5+D^B5ZNP^0







MRMY[J+ 0+CGYCM!J'2]6OI-'MY'D#


M&6AM9;R-L$%588;(KJ9N(NPYKAOAL'SJ+.6.=F
FNSW9E()RH-;0^%$3W'1N


0Q7VD\4Y2S#(('-19J2-


_\ CM95


MB.-=Q[MDXJGXO@DC-MN=64 CKC%*E)\^K-ZU./L]$0^% OV]ER.8S72W/E
MQL


M&&T)^6UA.%_'UKU'XQ'=X1MTZ[KM?_037C6CVOGZ@BXS@\TT9O5GHOAOX7P/
GE!:QH54XC4?H*LQ[
M#=G;C('7-1JV:[;$UPV+69AVC8_I7RM.-TLC?[9_G7U-=MMT^Y/7;$Q_2OEM
M\%FX[G^=:(REN='X7AW7+'KB
?SKT&SC40C.!DUQ?A./$TA_Z9K7?VMN)+=?

3A=X/11Q0?\ 4\=6-:9X[\53XH






M5=2'GN!
Z.@
M6[EET8
\F[RY0JCN*Z2+6IC;1XM87^0?
Q()K-M+B5?T=NFE1.1+GS#69\
M]S].U30V&KW10+:RJO ^2
C _&LKZG4X^Z2ZGJ4;Z-(7M%1MV
*W7BO///C+

MGU-6XCF%?2H[GD+@?E0 Q+CRT5 ,GUJR0
'FL\AM_W3Q5Q9E=PJ]:!!( N
M-HQ]*B/6IV0MCG\A4+J%;')^II@3ICRQ]*1F&P_2J^2!@&K7\%(# \5(Q\):

?[MY(*4AQ

M %W/_H-=MI0S&@Z_NE_F:RJ%1&:QJ%Q%.BB\6%=F=H%8LM])(

M7=.GENXBD7\&

MYFI)M8U&=
/=R;




4(











%G\OP]:YBC?<N2SKDUHW<UW=30I 6#Q'

[




S9[@&X_US9--MF N%)-7C&AR2@SZUGDGGZT : 93
MPIS]*A=':0D+Q[FF6?WG^E6LT*C!AQQQ^-/$K$XI)-QY'6F#M@'KZ4P(=?





033DHL<95E !YR!FO/E:
MG;LCTJ3;BK]S6\
18\.PL0/7]:3QAM&C*




M5;C_ -6N!CCTKN.0IYR. 3] :N*V0
*W3TIV3CK2#[H^E( RV/N'\2*B
N.

C&K!/XK?Y?YE*'0XKA/W<[KO&0'7!(I]AI\=G=
M.4E+E1M(*XQ5VVW12H\HGD*+M0/  IL:D7
SG/S_-DH15TZ/+*+Y2:E=M2C


J\H/I7TGX
MC;'AC4ST)MW/Z5\V+_JQ]*VB82W.MT)


MH

?\J\]N_^/C\*[_XE\^-KDYZ11_RKS^Z_X^/P


)26AXY%(-ZC/?FO4=)U#2L[F1$D

M^-

M&NZ88MJ3PKM. #+VKS:)7DGNBJEPS-@J

M=H;VX0*PVR

 X[TJEVC3!.
:MGH=O;W%S!X4Q%;L\A* #;CUJK;6.J7$L4I

M)



 FAD9W8#^YID,BP%BQ!R.U7)/*;ITK.(..
MA_*@#0C?S$WC@'VJ6W1(V;+$TZWD58%#'!]*DE#/$0JGGU-,DK&/)3@GKS
M5JV.^




MN30PM5L)9=*N8X5


T^..6-LE5Y']ZK--/5:!B#


---/---(!M%%% Q*7%)10



/IBLRT\1JRO$MF[;'V;B





NM@F9I%3^$N9\,06TFH77V=/*S$P[




M=:U!]T53G55EP 
8]*2*1C.JELC- $UV1L7D=:HMUK6P

M ';J



M[F7'0^AI%UB_T_6Q97LS&TN$_=.1C:?\\5S?G7D^BVTLLS20[&7!Z CI3WM)
M[C5/LTLKLK1)(K$YP







MRSC[WR9V4G[GS1Z%X;UZMKAHP
[YK'N$MS:3!@Q!0Y^E:'PW*'P[
L+?(MPV
MCFC [O4O%]#LJ0=_K2[3_?/YH9'V.037H'&3U4E'[PT[SF]_SJ
D
26SGZ

MMRC^(?G32Z97YE_.G;5_NC\J9*


M-



LQ^E4]&UBT

M1'8@H=H#



MVOJ*[$6
=#R3TR:\?.KS1ZC(N2 ;@Y/_ J]\ 77VOQ1KA5F:
E2
]J$K(=


M%;WP]%3_ -!K@[DYN




2-_PCEH,XW$D\UK:'*QDMB1A





W QQ5:U.R4EP0

M_04 4)HU20K\Q_&G?:74!1T Q4D\4CS$JC$569'W8VF@#1D7-N_)Y0]_:OE&
MZ&+JX]I7'_CQKZL







N6)/



M[N-F=[X/F7==*K!BS9![&NAU



M^5881.
FF;XMII-'=55N/]::D\_Z?E4
A

MC@^E
1'5FW/R'ZTW[
W_ #T'Y4Z.-DR-X/X4#):3^+\*

M!)3)/]6:B\X^I_*D


M_-


M8T\#_G@?YUQ/AU2=20XZ

ME..!3=&9QG]^?_0J]$^&S*WB7Q!


YXI]!PT9+XUU-'T76]*$;!H;%9_
SP=S8QC\*\
/W#]


!Q][@_A3 \*^(1'_  F^H#']S_T$
M5Q5Q_P ?%=EX_.?&NH''=?\ T$5QMQ_K_P *I;&2W/4/AE-Y.CS$JI!E.=U=
MEJ-] FF73

F
MFRWVIQ*7
DOUSFL*.XNX7



'UJ6
M CG(/7M6_(HQLCA6(G.IS29Z+HVMZ?'I

MDX )KRZ=T6. -NV[



1HMG8WT-9


;=6OAZ7#_ /H1KZ:*KYI&#U]:^:=90IKNHJ1@BYD_
MG31

AO&
M5#P548P/Z5







6Z

U2ULKL22EV 39\J]]N*
MF35K:/Q-#JX$K+&5/EX )Q3=1\-R0WTQLPJ60;$;7$H5N!SQ6..G^%*VMQ\S

M5+8R6YW_ (*E\O0V.?WK=#BK_B&]3^P[P%'YCQ]^L_P7Y7]B'S'9?WK=!FM
M3Q9-:3^'YP9I1

1

M?


L0@00138ZLS

4H0#(]:M2Q^8FW=CWQ5%XV20!L9&
\U?$B.V%


MGN:I2P/&!N*\^]:&1ZU6N_X.: WD2*+:[#.?6KME0PR0:RV[5H6W_'NE B
MN893)D1D@FOF?7\CQ'J8/473_P Z^IEX8?6OEWQ
NWQ5JP]+I_YTT*1D'I75




M='N;NSN;@




MY19[4(I.


CN !_6HZFG0\0^(+;O&^I'_:7_T$5QD_^O\

M5EP?+R


M_!N)?#%DS




)X9LXKMV_?0'9_$.*XC0(PFILH;.8

MF87540



M4/\ X]6C
XG9:-XCMTTNU@D$@:.
+P
]*GU?7HDTMTCR#*=N6&..^*Y?2Y;:

@[&$_S%










M[UZG\.U:/196E5UVN0%V=Z)[&D-SJ8TO;AVZ@^T#'7FN.\-S:E&]XJ5E$C
M\[

M+NK:0J?XMG0U

_:]?E5)F



 /




ML4C?=-(88;L5_(T?/Z(?QH!XI: & MC[F?H13MS?\\VH7I^-+Q0!P/Q;!;P@
MK;2-LZ]17A)// KWWXK+N\$R'^[


'F4O(=P&!3CN3(\JCM[BYD800

X#Y203Z586]GB*_-
MN'O5<PG%,\X@TK2M+T[R-6TB[6\&,3!3UKI_@MCINR2\W7#.S&


K
5Y
M ]:\\\)3))XJB57!8;\X/MTQ7HS*2A /48YK:#NC.2LRG!
L /!.:M2 R1?*
M!DXJG+ \8'0YJ]&PV(
US_P \#_Z&*YJ#C5L?]-F'ZFNCT?\ X];7GI&P_P#'A4SV
M&CT\9ETJZPP&$/-<:ET^W+!&^AP:[&[4/I5T/6-JX+&S&%-9HII%[[2I +1
MNI]CFFFXC)^\1]5JMYS*?2F-(SG)!_ U2DR7%&@K1 '[KD]RV
54O1FTFX'W

T  [B.E5HIBJ8+\XXS5N
MVD@\EU=\R'!10O\ 
U?
2X+FH;7_CYO!ZV[_P!*E7BF6N/MUP/60?I381(





G2[2PTY[@VT1^=R^.]6#;%SN
M#!U/3)S66ETRE@BK^/-6$FDV *X3/)-8\QIRE[R @S\OY4K6
@B7:O7&:K+
M*.6_&I1ED!.UE]S33N*Q;BNU3@RGZ5HK=0N-KKO'N.*QTC0D,6X^E6T1.&
M8'Z52;$[

U3F[V@*D0'UIW%8

E-YP!CBG<#8
MG31-37%S;0D]
NF/U%95UX#TZ7][I\\UJ_4&-\BF.#CY:(IYH3^[=E(]#BFF



@\'% 'GVMS










M0_7BD6.1)%)4$ ]C5KO36Z?C2&+N/=&'X4C

M0#^%(57/W!0 #H**0*N.X^AHV_[;?B*  =3]:=3





M2&QQZ5EQPN'^[GZG%
+FU'*DHP


9'WATS361DY'/I@UT%M





M!P

MBX&3%/+;G

.R#DT
MTQ


8DMV
MSG(Z$9K

D5K:M/\



M#UR?KFA*S&VFC9DMD,P+#CIUJ&V*QR[BPQBM6Q@CNYUBD!*,I/!]JQ7&PZ


=K


MY;I&K%2%8\$]Z6(?



M*D ^M6.N#[4-]TUVG
)N/]QJ:SKCDX^M/IK9V&@!VY3_ !#\Z&Z'Z4A /51^





MZ




M+T!OM6IMY$1 Y$8^\?QJW#!!J




@&SW?]?*5D7FFW.D71MKED\X 




MU3I36Y





M8Z]*L*T\9(#$?C4SAS;%QG9ZDM[Y9FD*-E-QP*QV3YMV

M5B9.[!%^7./I3PHSD#-'F*!CDXH$H+#8A'UHUN+2P_O447&L6Q_Z:K4V*@7C



MC_G4 13HIMIAMZQMT/M7RY?C&H7(])6_G7U.PW(P]5(KY=U9FK7@/:=A^M

-
/6GFF'K0-!1110




N^-@Z]_:F2QAW#G*N/X@:);4&3S$^1AT*\&D\QUXF4

C1C]XN]?[R#G\J9Y



FY1Z&LVFBM&)

M3YTW(RQM['%
:
E059F'J#4PE3^9IV]#5J1+1B7.E7$1WJ!.@_N]15!HS\

CIFG




N 


M'I(W\Z3:34EPN=1N1_TT- 4XR
U)0D9CC?


P2-+U)




M;GZEO\*;)X1O&'$ML/Q;_BBJ,T49_!NHD82XM1]6;_J!\ ZP7_ ./NRQ_O


MM;?FW^%%%2&-X1U#JEQ; ^A+8_E38_E_*N7EM0?]EF_P ***8Q_P#PB-]_

/Z444BD.B\
ZGYOE33VK
.C*S#]
5(W@


7OWI
M9X''ID_X4452)96N/ @N%W!H8W]58_X5EW'P\U!7^6[M2/\ :+?X4451(S_A




MZ:2?_$4H^!_B
!E^WZ3D]_
D_P#B***8AR_!+Q)WO])Z=I)/_B*#\$?$?:_T

MXA***3+1CO\  [Q$.%O]*P.F9)/_ (BJ5S\!?%#.K#4='X]9)?\ XBBB@0Z7
MX#^)VO)I?[1TC#-G_62Y_P#0*4? OQ


MLA_
_P%']@W7_/2'\S_ (444 ']@76/]9#^9_PH_L&ZS_K(?S/^%%% P&@W
M8&/-A_,_X4O]@W'=H/S/^%%% #0+DG(EB'XD_TH_L*[7K) ?Q/^%%% @.@W
M7'[R'CW/^%+_ 


/KA#1130/8Q3\!/%'_01T?_OY+_\ $5&?@%XH/_
2T?\
M[^2__$444R!Q_9\\5_\ 02T;_O[+_P#&Z7_AGWQ7_P!!+1O^_LO_ 
;HHH C


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





M(;;2I((HU1%C*A0.*GLH%BO[PJ


M253O.!']?ZBK:G@4@'FJ-W_KX_J/ZU=S5*]_UL?U'\Z +:=*?4:GBGYH BNO

TP'-*#0!
M(#4

U#
?WQ^@J:

VI(G#2 'H!6=


IQ54RJ#RV3Z4R2Z+ *J@5=Q6)]^7'N:^AH1^[



MLR?S-:RVDQ[!1]:5T3S



M8GJ2?J:C8C%-)YIN: %)I


MXP1U-88J3)%1)7+B[%M?LQNI66
8D'F$*.I_#O5L&/:FR0A7&#DX_G6
=!TU


_*6BESQV)!&:=PN;(
M$:AB 5[TSR)99Q);N?

FLSQ#K4/AG2A-
!).WRQ19QN/^ KJ-J(I)(  R2?2O!/%NN/KFM3
MW)8^2K%(5SP$'^/6K@KL3

M\U:

0CTDD_G7:*?W^?]D5D


MC2V9B8R'#0ML_3I7727







MX



MBTJ;OO8/7\#2W^FQ
\

@]37+W=]JWCF22STMGL-$
M5@D\[<2S\9P!_




M_P 'U_K5KO56]Z)]?\* +*GBI :A7I4JT 


MAS4KJ/?';F







K $M@J3CG ]
M
?K3NEN9-ZF;HUKJOB662+3+6% G5YW[^F/6D'AK5+K5O[.-TSR;L#R1M4^I
MSZ9[UTWA'2CI
TDLL[2
K-L# !/4GU.*[--7MK2[62.&%2@0NX!8*#GC\Z









DUT\;B6





'8Y?+CEGG.<9BA
M)'ZXIV8CJ9O]6WT-2Q_='TK-L=4MM8TJ.^MWE2J2N]<'\15]#\@^E(9+FJU




;6-[AL_? VJ?SZUR-QKT[L?*1(@3V&3^=5J-'L/ABSM]*\-
'[%I/W[W#J2H2%<]/?I7C$]]<W)S--))C^^Q-0
M_
WJ:GE[@=[K7Q/U*^5H=.06

MGD^[&WUQ2M;&/[[*#]:I!8B

MZ4;=O6ND@\(:P+9KRXLWA@C&YC(0O'TK)U*'R;U4]5!I)W'8K0AL_)&SGV%:


M

M=?HESX62P9[ZZ;STD+97C&

M8\#K*9'NG8
EL

B6?F/(W













M=B\#' Q3INB?[U




M \4X53N=0L[


!_G5+K5KB3C+1VZ

M
@

MJ*

M







XW



M
+-(0G$[/_ +J&@I0D^AK;?6G*JYZ5S<OC

?X$U2G\4Z
MM



X'4^@'N: )93AT)X'/)JN-5T\SK +^U\YC@1B9




MUYKA]:^(NO:P=JRI9Q Y5+8$'\6ZURYAVD GD] .]/\ +*G_ %3'ZBA(=@=[

MWT4-PV/]:SD]?05

C$XRSMDFI52^P/0R;?P
M.S8^V:I*1W2UC$8_
Y-:)\*:-8VDTL=BCS+&2)9B9'SCKEJZ&JU\W^@W _Z9

3W*TCYN9#





'^
M(X!_E6OX0CL9K2)=1F

M$&LHLLYV

MXJ]';X+
!U%(T!\]3GN*7


G1DAKR+CT;-49?%.EQGB5G_W
P@
MNAT

M\*7/M4FPBEV4!8^C+J.28JL

MJ?\ 9-1








M8%9VO1L=7A'0MGO[U+:P1*LAF+J 
*OO6_V2+:GI;K'D;)-@// JA=-=Y#@2
M;#D;QT-5XI[2.1HYY#&XB+*5.03TQ^M:3:U=W.FBS\]$MQR$Z _CU[UR&QG6
720.+NTCVH_SC+H<X/UKU2TX9QQTK
M2)E
[?R6O
I. Z%?48JF#W*L64./XN:@NVX<]:EB0
MQ((]Q;9QD]Z4_/)MQFLAD8Z4]1S3)G2W7]YA0.YJNVI6L?)?Z8YH TEZFGFJ

GGG%6!@@$=ZD:*&L


M(F+8ZUZ)/8Q1PA54(H[*

MADTF2


^DAY$!.\\UTK2)E%+VFI#;V

0!@(@QD]A5M]

MT^Z
_K3BKEUI**T-#PW(TFJR/YC*Q&3@\FN\DLH)]C2+O^8=37F.FR-;W:W*
MG B(W#V/!KTBTF


M'H.C0_ZO3K?\4S_.ESH/:H\?Z\#FI$LYY3^[M97S_=C)KVB.WM(A^ZMHE_W8

MGHA/X4O:
GVC/
&\:G#;2SSRVR+&A





MKF0S*Z(WEQ;7!&T=*PYU=1\Z.O'\2D5[GJ=IX6M-SZG;Z5$%7)\V- ?RKSG7


GL/:JYAI'1_U7BT:Z#*5/VC(R/85WS\
M1%SPH[FOM*\4:YH]A]GT^&WMXB2^^5-S9/?GBJ5_JVJ:S)_Q
=5N;@#I&K8
M4?0#BI8U%GMNH^*M#T?_ (_M3@1@/]6AWO\ DN:X^Z^+=A$CKIVG7%U(6)4R
MD(H_K7FD]D$MY)?)V[1NRYY-;5A!X?CMXI+J:]=RH+(BA5!]


M*C\JW-(\
2#7TL[Y(Y4*O]R3C(^G-)K%M;KX\O$:18T2

M'5_]&4-.8CET4'COS3;=@+EMHL




M\OM& 3GG%1-JUO*GE


M*UC1G3Q:G%?6\DJ6






Q9AM[
MG20DDYDQGTK/MY]48MY\]A
?PAF(HDEGXSJO\ W[@']:AS12HR+5U&%LI\
M


?@*X;Q7XJMYK=;73I[I9%;)W



5O6MZJ1
M


L1D
9/^QGG'O7(B1BY+
23U)KL/!4C
M2^.K
DY*PL/IB.J:M%F
ZCG*YZE9:%H]IN6'3;9
CG]V#D?C6DEM#&F(H50?

]_ZX/_ -?/:\JOTKLH[&
]Q.:*?BCBMB1N*!3J*!#

MM;7PUI@TZR-I=









&%V


MC8T+R_\ A*U#Q[U9I?E/.3M-=:\D
MY;)!$T++N0#' R*YO3M'O++64N9IA#
M


03P!_*KGA;0KS7-



M[

M^Q_M$



M3M(YB?M



\F#NQCYS5G+1B9P
HQ*M[53B1SLLM(








$M3DMQGD

MMWQ-
9=$M\Q&


'^O
MX5EZC!=0:;))
'VE@H#D]?7^E9;LAD]]KH6'S=SD X.*YU;XNSLZ2&5_N[#
M44[[T^7G;P.*] \!:#J,K=W





GW:Y1H84G@C#N0\F1N;=SCWKK9/NU
(1BM



MC6=X9#.+EVQ@ 7+@?@
UYCXGTBUTYT









U)FCO2 1C
M\U)FANMM@YP#VYZ5HC-CQ3A5:Z9ULY6C#&0+E0HR3]*LQDF-2002.<TP0M-


CQ \@
M-[5QHW



MX(3=X3M3_P!-I?\ T*O+E'S-_NUZSX 3=X0MN.DTO_H574^$E&AI$HB\47RD
M'+1Q=%)Q@-W'2NO0IC+F/)Z$9R:X[3F_XJV_03-$WDQD;9-I.-W;O72_:6A*



DY[YKT;2T$-P2\)!\L\L5S^E.2+-

_-GGFMGPXB_
M8[M]Q!QZ^U:K2(
LRQ/?7JVMN@#!
LES7%H5?F
MAKN34+R(D(NZ&)OXO]H^_I7;177ED($F4$\ J3C\:SX_+$@E1/E/ *G _ 5.






MN1_]:LBYTZ$;_P!V

*



M^M:-I$&MX#.^'

MVD_]!-?/$A58'!&#Z5TTMB)'6GPI;Q0 22R&;NP/ KF+F!K:XDA8Y9&P36

M#YSTY%
9IFTAV!=GX]ZS)$V2

 +G^]WJH2223R3ZT@1]1)&_:

0:G58W&]1N0]AS0@17.R+&.G'2N4W.=U6*!T@CMX

M@VS%Q_:+Y;'!7GI5P$SC_P)OI7KWP]&?!UO_P!=I?\ T(UY'L?'F%&

!L



WFC?9A&608ZX/W:Q-9UO4M7BD@ND7R8Y%V(@^[
MM&!SU/XUCZE=S26=G:29\B$$QC:

%
MB
]N 3UKO=&O7O+A_
MI 43(9XV0G\2*X3PQ#]HU41?Z4 UBN3;2;''([^E=
M_H^GP6-T\L8NQ(T9&;F[+C\LU$C4MLR3W/[RW9=N0C;ST[YQ61XABLH]
61X

4A)X&2*HZEI]S-$-EZ8%

M=+#PQ&-)&# ?G70^'C!]GO$ (R!LSVJKXXCDBM$1W9]LC $MGO\ I5/PQ?;;






MX5WOA#7X;J5[.:W\N3R-BF
?*0/Y=14N

YZ#
1(_FG!
M(8!2/;I7
7:@1Q#;ZGN?7BMJUT+2K6
M?&KWS)))ED6%=P49XR??TJU#/HEBP2.%[J.4!'%P!\ON /SS5NJMDKC5.^KT
M.R\+
A-+J7_+&\-WKG]9\6:7I=P;9KR
3C&X8)Q^5'C'5WTW3/

_:O5-P9X_QYKFK4^2=CIIRYE<C^]*
MX]*@


^IZY)TKFO$NHOI]A/)&VV3;A3Z
M&NEDKS_QZH













\'FN%/H=
T^)IY#']H4[QP3FNZ4+KF.6+L['J7C4?
M\4Q+_P!=$_G7CNHG_2%^AKV'QL?^*8E_ZZI_

@Q_../6NB23W
%?H=;?
M:CJFNZ-8O.\+W
TCA%+ '9P
_3/\ZY^?PWJ=O'
\MOL2%=SN6&T?C6M8OJ5O



G:T@
M

AB5

O$!* ']*YB[$OVR0S
S.6)W'^*KIQ7-M85


M*;E*D
HXX['/XU=6/-&Q%-VD=Z)'D@23;M1QQS6#XAU65[..R5AY9;YSNY)&


M;U'I8:_$;$=A5.K;C*-]*J5V+8Y9;DL7


MUS_9-T;4O]H$9\O9US[5K19\I-V=VT9SUSCO5%G5%W.P51U).!6B/7VJD 4W
M'-24W%.PRIKO'AW4?^O:3_T$U\\+]Q?H*^AO$/'AG4CZ6S_^@FOGI?NK]*VI



=:[W
M]W_W]K%GE:YN&F8$
2
MT3


M5QP0



MRVD/B1;:*-BXG90I.#P34OB9&EOHEW9^3 Y]^E$EV_\ PEL=W+$X8SN[1@9(

M(ERP




C!Z#\JLWR(KAI58+LSN(RWX5C:Q=Q06[F*1W

M0V3O0?


ANK:=+JV\

G]:\?O?\ CY7Z5Z%XBUF\

BMM!&(_\#68
A.J&K+<C_EG&?P6AYYE0^9!&OH=HJ3[VS=M'%5
M/*RN0 ._2E9!S21+:W1@P<=#R<5,]\L@VRQB0=O6L_GMVJ:
 JY+'!Y$8S^











M;S&TF@M\9\XD%0&.03@^]6=;T2:80&( 
2Q)!^]7)7$)TW4+JQ:YOH520J?+


M;C^/ K+M-56+3+.'R9IC$L44BR1[20Q(4\]N#S[5

M5/S+T/)J*W0&$AK.[+

TVYMXXM1
5QU_$_E5J30K2


P).
XX Y&*QKJ.\D2U0S7
DQMR

M/!_*B46]AW/2H'MA(56^@+KP0&''ZUK6DT3+CS(WQZ5Y#(;BVTJU^RX620MN

M]E)



<OS(01GGT)KD+HCSE^E=%&#@K,BI)25T,'W:]2@D\.P6DFY
MM?


EQ+YQ5LJX[BIXT2VM)()CO 9F1F.[(Q

HQS3EB=SO(^
M4]34)(( .3ZG+*5^Z2/:F%^XV4!)J]NM+!_K?PJ



^IZE
Z@_A6-
M=$-

&Q@CCUKF99=@C)N8]JD_


M3$XXW

M5/\ TZR?RKY^'0?2MZ6Q
MP[T4E K4D7O2YI
4N*0!FES3:4=* /0I_B%%;A





BDKM )X &.3BH-U!K:[CG^WJKH0)



'K7)6NI0QW=O)/%+L%










\9Q6'=?ZU?]VM_4F@^R/]GD

Z\!CM[U:W$_A(PV*T-/)GU6UC(!5W4$8Z\BL_D=16YI&T:




H[FJ)(D^]]11WI4*@Y)Y[5(&B]/UH!$7-*A*NK#J



M(.E!IC

J\![5O2V)EN)11
M1BM0I128-% BC%'UHH T-'OK^UDN=)53-:W!*W-MQ\Q'4C_:XKKO#_ (EO





6R?VE:K

]);6L<4/_/2

M JX]LD9Z5+#X6BM$D9)!%/*.)8@1M!&#M!..1G\_I5B73+?^SULV@22)(Q$N
M5Y XR1CN?7KU]: T.8U+4XH77=#-EXUD'*]#TZ&J4NKK BL(E8L-P&_)Q[UO

M
;FWXP




\ )XPSA2?SK9;*YA+1Z'-ZW%


WEX/3
M)Z5L0:6K

M:/R3\K
 VXX^[VXK51[E--CMKNSTE(2_


M[$


!W Q34DUH)Q:W(='LFEME$F





MI=]=6:W7D1RB4 (?XO2M4U:[
^63(KJ.UMXY((?


4RY!^URC!_UCXXZ_
:C\F0G 1C^% [DI667

BJ0
\&C01%M9&&00?0B@_=7GJ:
M5RV_#-NQ[T_]UL0$N..3C-

M4C)(;[P'\ZN@OO+;#@@?XT
:*4NGO$%9Y$^9@.
\9I\EF+;:1)N+9XQBK%U+





M2H9$D@O0LEO+/LA$@SC@Y&3DCCKQ5_Q&=0U'2K?Q!#;V]JEDWEQF$,QD7.

MUC2[RYB1)KBV.7N&9O
VX_48SQ[576XN--U6

ZJ6^4%9&_ND'KT[\T




RI!9I+;2!'D+@94C 8



MX)^IJI-K[QW?V5=


M


M


MH6VC.TC/

;-HWV_\ X^;IW98]B-@!NN03ZUIZ

M?VC7I#
874?PR)_453M
IRQP/4U9FU?3K93Y]_;1^S2BE=B.1\46MU]HM$@L


MQV/)8$=B36VEUX9UB!?-DL)HI&.!( FYOQQS0HI*PFVV/NO!7AO58C_H46'Y


$$OVV:(HORKL#J
_3F



M*XXR


$J3TZU+J.C+:OBWN/- 0NV\8(_+K1SJ]A\KM

A7A=26*C([CM3N
MB;
1FP



+X5
0-*V[N.E9[02 _=S0!<N+B.W 9H3
QZ*#50W][
M-\J&.W7TC&3^=1
K9.5-(

ZWX]O]
M0&6M=)B%G#Z&5N7/X=*P/&]_YFNLBG
.BV_VAQV:X?B-?KT_(UU_ABW3PWX

M(\:N


!C [X_E52&TO=*\0
M7NGVZ_:(XR?

M7IWV7P]XG
-]N@TVX):V
C_N[:0_/L;L


M

@^[A

M#HMM&%.;A7.%:

3

ER?]-N!ND!/




J)I%C+=&*WN#\RY4 '.?3!YS6;J.F&WE0*^YL'(*[2
=B*Z1.G/



D:!FD@EM8C\W5DR?SKG=6S

MH.C)'+Y;=WJ1I)&/4FM:X\+ZE PVQK*#_=;K20Z%
T1:2&0





-RK
M^3=A5+KU)4_
:J0V\RQ*68H58+L[Y)XJV985M(/W66-U\S#JW45#5GH7'5:D

QN?F5.-Q5

M
_*E+X3+[1WLIQG%<Y?SN
MLTF
=:Z*8'.

M(D ]:[N-TWZM&GJX-=EWH0T+24[::3:10
P?&QQX+U4_\ 3#^HKQG2]7GT









MAUN\U/2)(E&B );%E!^TRA@S@$]@!@?_ %S6!;:H+C5_L&HZ4]S]E3RE17\J



M/4[*#:'E.(I=S'A00
.?P'UK=CUFS:=;:9GL[IAD07:^6Q^AZ'\#7EW]IRS?
M98IL3V]L=R1.
#Z9'.*NQZTLFO1WD\6^..$Q^7/*S@ YR

ME'((]



I+3591=
MGSB[K)G;YB[LGO5A]

3&W!7&?

LK0'DYZURDRA'8VTP=-



)&
M&.WK6L*4H]3*51



&JBFT*328Z*XT_8!'?/&Q/6:V(_4$UW'@/6K+







W\5IHD6!Z&5O_ *^?R%=D\FP<G\ZYKP%ITMOX=.H7(_TG



(;F*4BWF#!6R.-O/!R



'!.#VQ6L:L6KDN+-K0?L5SX+MM9U
M[\BWB;[/.8HRS1L#CG'KP:ZQO NC:CI@FAD^W5=Z%I



9540F!
MD4N1PHR?EST!Z9XKSQVU[PEJ)B8WFF70Z@$J&_HP_.KMWXO?6;1H=<T^VO9



A&( VMV/YUYYXA\!2Z9X3MM1A7







$ KTK1LW8




MT:4TG*S*^KYU;2;BP8B





&[RY#[960Q1<_P 3<?H
US.@P:YHOAZUN+5(;A)E$LUOMVNH

*F-N/EQQQ5JT8^I+U
M9Y;XI5]4\317^FPEC(J99P-HE7^$YZ' '!Q6KI6OZII2WES?:-\GE_(JR!(0



FTNQLD'M_D&K

9P




4K(FV
_=94V<AF+CYU /2N7DNKF*Y:Y\Q96:



5
M?

B;%
M*EJ46K2

;106 '/%1&=.BY8
M^BC- $M%$

D*.E:VH6@T*%#;11M-
VR-@-S _C3/#D\FCW





MA)*QCP:=;SZ9'
6E6Y


MEE;

M=[R:98[B

HVJW4X_K5G3=;N=/@:W3R
M6A))VR0))]1\PS^M9\FEBSHUM8?#VNI+ ^;.X'&&R .X/TX-=8)2T)-I(9'!
MQA?N@^YKRZYU




-\D+;1U^8#(_6N

_*


*P![]CS






)]^C#Z$4KBL0KIOBG0LTO$UZS'_+[(BG4?[+@88

#^5%[C,^X^'9T[?-X
M4UF;3ED^8VTH$]N__ 6SBN4UNPUR%8_[<\,BZ^S,9(KW2Y2%W=BT9R,=.PJ3
M7_$GAS0V8^$M0OK6[4@^7;L7MSZ@H^0/PK*\0_$?5]4CEGTFZ:S0K&R$ 2@


MNWI)CLC#C;[5S/Q'#7$FAZ4G)N;G=@=^BC_T(U1T#2?%&EW%Y!I=U-I][;ME
M].N1F*9#T92?E(/3^M69O$UG_;-J?%F@R6.H6+ I=V;Y5#U!

MIEWT

J


EK

M3*R
N0N2#5FZOYYK
VLT4+Q!0L;&
!DQZ
.?SKTW5OACI=T&;3V:VE/\.?E_



+%D:


SR&)D5I20J
R_
#['K5B:WFCNS9R76X+&K)YH$H/9N
M3SU]ZS)-7GN]0MYM347JP C:3L+@^K+SGO5W[1ITMS;O:W$]H[
8Y%N\2HBD


XVGZAN1^=
GT/58?\ 71A/0)\V?QK7;2;G
QQZY?R7*8\U%RK#.3WJAI&F&XM#/(#NF<E21V%69+.QOLW
M%Y&%*\@*7(/IC_Z])V;Y4/S9TD-OI]U!OCV*H/('6KUKINFP

+/'YB?:90B

H.9R 1U)VUH?\)+;6\=K)(/M DCW2QP1D-$
M^.G)PPSW%9=YXFCO[RQG@M8VDM)/-




!6?N& P
_X5U/C.::TTM]LOSLR@






MAC(

M#%=N?PKJ3'&8]A12F
;2.*KG3K1GW+8?]@XHYB6RDJT4T@BV?O$W=0P_QK

M)))%+EFP
 J

U[I2L]SH-
TV\M]2BEEMW51G)R..*Z(YS5&TUFPO






0,X&<5Q'@?2[B._P!9U6_VB[NYRJD'.$!S_/\ E5QLKL3.P/KFD,@'6IS
MK 8:H&C4-C(Y]:SL


M7 



MDW1V%WAPBYR


M.F7)EA^8Q
#@JPZ@@BNG^)




YBXF-Y\8XF?[
MME$

MDB &2$ Y&/0G^1K:A)J5B9I6//+7POJ][IB:C:6IGMVSS&P+#!QR.M9CH\3M
M'


ME79(/HZ\UKP^ +B_M[M[6=4GMKAX6BD'!QT(/;\:Y_4?#VJZ2W^EVDJ+VD W

%1%.$A4=@.Y/J:
M-'U[^S%*264


M9O:@UM::(([%&#H$CVGKCH3_ #KGM0N)K+$UI96]Q9N2J3N-QRIYP
_+@C'(

X (ZBE3CR






UC+#TY.[1:J2
M74](3Q9ID@S]JC!)[[A_2FW?B72H+9YFN8Y /X$;);\*\]:*9+=9?-A=2Y3:

M#3(HWW2
9&SWX%6UP. !3AFJC!15D)R;)1@ *  !T '%!)-


MB\1NKYDMTQ_L=OSK8M_$MA(@$L_E

M-[U3[





Q'44I2N[C2

MFO
O';-KOC72O#T+;EC*^9CL7Y/Y*/UJJ:O('L=%X)TT:9X3LT90))E\]_\
P-T&S!EBUO0U
D-P-5L8UR
M8KIPDZ*!_#)WX[-7.^![5M2UN]\22S1/YADQAOG0L?XAV^7&*W?'.H&R\*7
M05L27!$_P# NOZ U5\!V@LO\,A&)+EFE;Z9P/T%=;Y&V9]3)\8.-+\=:-

MD=@P_P 0*7PC#_H



0Y:/;*OX'G]#7GVCMI8U2(:
MQ'
U@X*2-!]]
GTJ+7_!VM^'&_P!/M


QW
M[
'(*D\B@9KV


OI5P(+D%5D_W6/!^AP:3I1;NPYFEH9F@
M^*[/7KMK2W:

=Z'#HP(9#Z%3R*K:QX*T#48VWZ

@78P/KQWKF+RP\0:1&J(SZS9Q?ZML[+R #^ZW\0]N1[5E/#QZ:#C4





M==CH-
Q:^




  #U?\ PIJK-/0.5'R[^\C+(X8
A(92.A'&/;FB-MJG(.37


MWH%U#;W)1S


MQW
WMH\9'B722OI+Y
M@)_\<%8?E+)A8Y%D/H?E/Y'^E7EMH;<C[3!*./\ 6)AU'U7J/SJDV2TC46ZT
MV:
2:;'=RPE@\B3_N9?0CC/'M7:LWAO2_!N@7M]HUU




M_0+6U=-6TF:\F+Y5X[@QA5P.



21WSGZ]0(K.'P=XKE73
MH;*?0-0D.VWD%P9XI&/16W<@GMC'U['C7RQ+$Y)Y-0,2.0<$=#32Y+J^F76
MC:G


D\5Z?;Z5XJU
M*QLD
=O!

A&/KFFF,$@GDBGN)$.^(
M;AW3/ZBG(RNNY3D?J/K2L!%C!Z4;B:E(]*;M/I18*1TCB:64[8T4LQ] .37
MFG@%7UWQCJ_B&9?E4D1D]BYX_)1^M=5X^U-=+\(7C!L27 ^SI_P+K^F:B^'V

8PJK
H
6ZU+3M(C<RD?/TYW.<#/O@?K79P1I:VD
$)'







M)'K.F-TN+(;BGLZ=5-7&49*Z$TUN07VE/X3\9PVE\D-W'#-&YXS'-&V.1[$$



M
74='+PRP




MLD7NG-Y
@8\E.BG\

54

M1_O/N/Z5WNJ^'-.U4L;JTAF8G[S+\P_X$.:\^AD75/C4)5;

0UK<\SU3X80G+Z==/$3_ 
LYAN7\QS7&:GX4UC2V/G6CN@_Y
M:0_.OZ5[Z3GI4


XE0=$D&UOSZ5T0Q$);Z&;B

SK=3PHX


 <&L(#CI28Q0([C1O .OVNLV]U?Q)I]K:
MRK-+=/.F$53G(P3SQ]/6L#Q3J
&J^*-0OK;!@EE^0@8W  #=CWQG\:RFGD=
MC2.RCHQ(%1YI6&.KL+EA_PJ:R'&?[4;C_@!KC0:=FAJXGFM3PUK;:!KUO?
M[2\2Y2:

1


M%+Y\./\ 6I_WT*\^S.BZ)!2LH9:A^T19X=/J6 IPGAQS/&#[
*?*PN@YZ'K2

G_?0IOVB'_GM
M'_WT*.5AS(DPJ]!1NJ$W$/\ SU3_ +Z%'GP_\]4_[Z%%F%T/R:


MRL+H *ADC.[?'\K_H?K4OG18XEC_P^A3?-B_YZ)_WT*.5CNAB2!FQC#CJM
M/W#%0RB&48\T*1T96P12)



M)E$O[A\[5.?DD/L?7V_G6HF=P7 &3US4KPP2(T

[U

UUFH^&4N
M+ZSN8;D-%;N&

I#G .?E8\CZ5HSZ;8WUHT%Q$KQN

I^4U:DXI6%9
X+6-1
MM9/!.CK-(T37T8$[1KEB(QSQD#DX&36[X-CT^VT!A9W2W




MM


MB5B



MX-O[8C4;2VE$D




W4

MT)4]JHWG@*QGC4[7M9L?
(SN%=O_ &G9@8^TP+_VT'Z\TQ]1TXC!O;8?65?\

MC-+D'CK7I5]XTBY662RU!+:0'(C,@93]*X[4/^HV#_ '$N$[- VX_EUJXU
M%(&C%;.%(8C;TYZ5;U'4I-2$




QHF50Q'RGHPZ'\:



=*?_8VJ C.F







YZ].
M?TK7D#X*C(!7KGBE2TBP'+?.5Y(HN
@DL][_ +F[E49SC:AR#T[=J2+3[@V.



7&HLLFWDF!H./ITJCJNGZG!I-Q/9ZDDES'&759(%M
M@9(XZ9YQ71L5

#SN4*1C)_#GVI#*'A\-J'AJ

D-@CLJ#)(V


D=C2N
XC2+'7;J:=K



M
#THNP

G_Q-06%YJ-U8W$U
MHUO&GVV2)
Q%C@-][[PSWJ-]2U_[3Y$4]DSNA=

M/R\?VMJ1)(X
((M\D<E
ML5R21C!+8/?I2'4=;GV6B20EE(#N8N3]X'//^SVHU ?%X8N?[2@;^V[I[,QM
MYBEPLA?MMP.G7/X5HW/ARSBA:234M21%7+-]IX'Z5!8W5_873&_:)T=9!!%
MY9&TCW/!S5+Q T]XA\UCM##$1. 




71X

M0HPS




3'((8#

\6P-



MTK



M(%
[R




M56T^W:\TQ93J 1XR






;#RB6;.


\9*;@
+GD'G-5H
M+F^:
B3.Z-@&PO#@U:W@2N%C:- %V C&3WJ/ST5/E5F#
 2@SSSD&@9D^%8T




MR


L)8
[*Q /



M0S-\F

M_MWI@:!GF6V=_
W% V&/5F KE_$G]I/IKL)E$=P
N

MH853QMS]XUR.L6NHS6:C JP8!7ZCD?Y- O^$[F5]-N!(  E](5C 8Y&0

MK83R
GF-2&7KR$S6

O%4VMGDNS*EQ)&2

^:I''-
1S=M9W5G)
M

?E[FL749H?^$D$TD_EJ;*W(8=/]:3GTZ#
M]32*1G:IIUM%J=J6WH8XD64QMG'/'7J#@UU.G1QK8B
8 WMP

E
M[Y(NY9@%)1MIR




MBMV24QOM&/Q%.

MF7Z-ID$4\1A=
1DF+8KDG QS^E:&
]SS4.H6\(TUT:$RHSIE% R?F'_ZZ 
#


+$*5'/;KZ4-73_+D\UXR=Q.
MK#!0'MUJQ'9017



M\XI(9#&CQHJ.06 &2
XIRF1Y'5@

M8I!G**5^4\\G/]*YZ[T07L-P55D
4B@2



S-%1O*U)MN6^WR

M_@:;:EX[)/

MFNA8G;@L.]4BR*]@8P/^_B5MET4HK,H+G@GJ?:@:(9&2
Y;/(QQWJ*=F$*
MF
#KGDXI;D


MQ O(YIP56E;#-DCD?2FPY:+# 8[GQ%O.D7;@#H?6@9F7:*;WC=\D 8
M4T9V Y]L9ZU-(H5.

58;


M//T)/Y4 2&

M3G.1W%8FFQ8TN)!TW
1CW8FKRN!-S]WI[54TQ?\ 0HR$/S$L3SSR:0$PC2*1


X ^OM7*
MR2Q3W 2.R
:NOW2V0S X!R3CMTY]L]:92.AT_74U,08W
R?)G:

MIX;RVBFAF:6


#^9J-&S
-W*YR1[5HR;

4%E(QNV\_3-686V,AVLV6 ..WO0P'2*1I8<XSC-8$[WY:+=Y)FC;++!T

M[%CDT\A8&220_+*V&#8'7'7GUK0L+.VM+F-O(C698U*DR$MW_P 3WJTF7NH%
M\UT


M\_[

KSN5C3')Q6-XEND&BRJHG2X$H\M/F







MFS@&A


MY1^'K2VRJ 3MQD]*=)RV

=@0%W=

MNS;L G.



ME6(_/G\JNQ1+OZD#V-
!F9?



F0Q

\BJ Q&3[UF332
S)Y.

M\\TP*-CLN-#OXRP53
K2'9<[1T//O2$5YX_


M$J\\9&:;)=*B$MPO)SZ8]12QX:)?8;?6@!ZB$. [$Y:LB'3M
@M/.GCP9)2


Y]J 9;CVLBG)QC(I+EMS$(
\

'G!Q



M)'OT_

N[JQ 4]\\=

M:DD@LI_GZ(Q/ _NFF0JRPP $G=$O 'L*MWPVV=P
Y/E-_(UFV$J*\=K#$^3&

]AP
#VJ.\9RX1)
9J\ S+AE /



NVJ=CK 73TCCMP[JHR1C;G./;))P*O0

KS6^]\X8H<XS_ )[5;M2LT98%F7)
M ['O61!I;6T:[9I90%VL_COBM.SB\@


MEA#NP(UWA?[O:K





$=

NX+N LK%$4#&'4@9^4GWY/3 KH[1(X84CAA6.
M-!@(@ ^PH H2[5UF9V##:B8(^A%*DX=0P/44W5XN)7!P-B@;1DCW-+8A5M
M8F=
=\=



RLS$=2=N.?P%320NTT
GG
%2':4'0DX


MG-$DUTXD),HRX.05YX_E5N69(HY!D@1DLV03[_ -:J:I-#IT8F96DD./
9


:PIB*X6901

J0ES(7.
MY_F4%F!.







&AB#S0JXP.#5349C
ML



ECOQY
WWE* $A2WW?FX_X%4NGWTTS120++YV%

M;LY/4GUXILHVIB^V-6SN!^\*R]3TYKBU\DR/#:GYG6( 



M/-X'?C(/K5(#VFQ_X]ESQRQ_-B:M!^


G

4@4_

'K

QY9


OER!0#UZ UE:K
MJ4-K'%;M*T4LK;057./\
U+HFY&NH20QCG^\
Y8;1U]Z8&T_WB?RJIEBW4_6

5B3\O0^M%VHDTZXB=B

M?+].E(9S5UI#JUQ=--

MVJ!GK[TGV=XV:5YV;?\ *P8_*!BEN/





O/3BH9'
M86[+Y)!QZ8&?Y_C4DT1E_=B0;E7&Y5.5_&J.JIOT::-5!9 I'4_
./QH$7X
M1G45 /\ #+C_ 

M6FPO$4GV9

YY]*ALX5DTZ%3NX)QM./XC0
N6Z
M?9T*KDKN)'S$DY^OUJKK4\:6Y#MM;@#ECGZIHUV28V
!C[Q/6FR1&4EG7Y
ML\$&@9Y[JM]$&:62W$UNQ7RW((#D=L'[O_UJJ:/
7U2U5]D/^D1*I8 7=D=
MR#W_ %:&O:8T;.99F:W$[L%E?G/ ZDY/)-.TW3(8[C3;M)T
)OHHQ K%C&3

3(N1TP
UIRLLB;&







\VM-)



M:B#&XX!P/3BK

$_(B)WW;(#/.T<M_A^-*^I5CA[C5KG4F5KZ


C+O6 RL$!&YYSZGCK5.&ZNM/U._MVVS( 
CHR]
'ZTV[C/:(=CL0O)






6;G!)/6O


MQZFD8
E2H%5FX +'+'UXQ2%
M1Y,AZ?*3G\*0SF]!N8K3PQ8RSOY4;2&,$CC<TK NI5RJA6/)ZFN8\-*)?N
MFQL$DC8$D$9_C8YKH]LC2JVY=@5@P*\D\8YSTZTPZDRX)SD9IZC&<?CBH8X
M8)9I6HHW,?08KSW6O$\EX7M[/?%;Y[-@O\ 7_E896\=W+7.NR#(\N)1&A#
ZU;P_!IEV
MB







+#(/M6

M6@
=S.D;$DI$K%?4^_Y50B?R5

M



M9F

C$= /





M.1R/I0
J)K!?4VCCM3D@%W8XXP/Z5NQ3K)C:&!QQE2
]JY2VDM9O$RK%(598

MB*Z+2]&/#R$ECUKHX-*&WA/TKD=1MF_*NIP2S:OI
&8&;REZ1]5YZ\?X5-H^











4V<+&'&Y0IVEB-P!)Z^Y_*@#2U8&/2;LF-A^[
M-:^XEWX&




M1%5#1HY;'!SV_GS6%9B1M

MBW$!4YZ\8]:IWV%CC7D

M4P2GK[QU-Y*











F MB J2<D^<X_$_-2N,EU?5(-.-F
M9N5GE\H$$84D9R?; -8-C#;0+;R&39'-K8.%VL
'GU/!(^IK*\0VNGJ6D%M

MHHK:$%%:&4I.6X4N32451)%-;Q3(=Z+GLV.17
SL@+Q]P#SMSCWK2UC6X;(1
M0JPS
YC+YX7Y6;_V6L

MB



















$MFD!8
MD2


+

 

?\
M/Y5*[E4[@&,C$#/7G/\C4=RX\K'1B ?7BD
BMMIUBVA*C)MI'4]?XDK6PP









MM3Y
LL:Q[4++^\QC=D=Q3IBS/''L4J6)8D]
FR/@9 DBH@R[Q(1G')H I6
MCFWAVR$!LY957@^_TK







M&TY] /YBO/?%&QK:


(@=VW/!*L1BLO3)98;HJ[LT;'/S.
M6.3U.2346D]RE9&EXCF016;
-P6Z&?Q1Q5.QG8VX90J[G) )!/'7]*D\32I%
M86[R2A5%PN6;I@AAS^=5;:*0VH60MM+9&.A_M$K(F]R*]*F!1Y1&\?WCC_
M .M5RV2)

MS+UN68[N
H1T '&3TXH0CVX0+^[*H
QC''3C&/RIZ*2Q5LC(ZBK#*(5Z$9

K$26X/W?IDU!JUL6T:^57PYMY


J\4BMZ_=(J7(I1







MU

M5P5Q_A2_V?&.P P1C-1*^N3H6CD4*1\I*CI6;+?ZZ)UB25'8L/E$8/0\_P Z

M _K47AG5=1U+2!)J 9D::$Q




M:196Q\Q$$D^!F




J[GS

MQ52*^L99O/:[MT&

MF

;+QN



E<_X?=XV
MECWR&
G,Z_P-..M:;(5B


;E7O


V:TM[3Q:T
1W,A#)&2K9.TCN


M_JC%0V##@?\ ;





HML=
MLC $D#'\JA 3! (ZY(':LP^
/#;/N&KVY ZG#?X5%/XP\-HN5U.V8@Y(VOR.




JGW 2=W;MFN5ME^S8#A1(JD#8PVCD8_
M'KBNZOM:\/3

?K3Y@Y3

]MA7 SD9XK
N-/\P;G/!7D^E9


NG6LFP
#.G

M-4*DD
K6VC
-Q&H5G+*Q7V KLKA#

*J*,VRI=INN[$'M*S?^.-_C5IMP0E V. 3@5%* ;NVSVWD?\ ?/\



\
MXZY_^M3XX'OIO.D;]T


MF;4(M(O3;&(JLI678&/Y=N:V3W


MZ$D$Y8_.-@;'56QP?7-

M9W-U8:O::W
A5)+DYDVC!Q@L



M6CA C=8@0R$=&]#N!QCV]ZYS2=3UBP\4:C=:79YNV:021^6Q 4L3M!!'(%

V




MP9HD=Q*\2HS8*D8Y..A]JSSXG35O VH6-S)F_@A !(QYB!UY^H[_ )UTOA%U

@C^[2V X?Q9X5M?#UY8P17#N+CDEU&0-V
\5V5G\



M4$NFG'E;
+$0
YW=3^ KI/  =?!NJ
RD1LTA7 ZXC.?YBN8\
:?K=\+J/2+M



?7]770='FO)






9.=H5
9K4\/?#_ $*]T/3KR6.Y






]L9FP4VGNI SP?I69:

:-8I0%8*
;
''Y$?D1730QYMD+#+

]S#;6\[PJ7E

 XZ#'
M;CM6C=EYK*WE

M0NR0C;@D$@YZ4R.!@


MEBB=R!U.%)_I3T^]5?5SMT._([6LI_\ '&J&6D6[(?Z% ?6)#_XZ*L8%5[61
M$MK9'959T55!.




M/\S509!(?LV]OF!Z_
1@47=[O?\ (+*WD2B-]4GW



]174
07?
M)[FJ=U@H02=I4CY33*1Y[I7B2]T&UM]/?3A)AR6DWMT8[NW3KWJW;Q:]XFN!




1&-NN24Y(STS_ /KKNI$4NI#D$ 9)/I4^PMPW
M( JU(EHXS1$:/P#IZ21$
8%)+J 0=PX]:[%D59)%0!1O)XXZFLC4H/L^GR1(
.1$,<@#,IPQ\P=SSVK4@L]2M;-X)KX9\

CH133%)(SO
7*K+M;=USUZ&
MNG< )D#.*S)X5DG9F12I_AZYIWT).&^*JO\ 9-.C3<RF1R=HR/NUT<#VXM=.
M$JCY8XQ@G_9K=%N02W0D#)'?_.:SKBRA^:YV@.HY]^
?B2*5^@'GZ12'XBZ









%%B^;<?-U]R3W-
M

MEMZ[CMR


M85J1%! -S

M*:V









C(%=M+&[J55L9X)Z\5)@;OFSQTIXQGO4MW+2//O'
M^G75[:62Q12RLLS#$:Y() QG'N*3P_XEU2QTBTL?['=O*5D

M)58JRX.
KDYS]*DT





;[
M2#\V1G/M[5(8Y6L;/S8Q'(9(C(C-G!R
X/KFI@N 0RCGTI@5E7=_%DCC@4
H





M?&PW*P/4466P:[D$\
EO9&*T X4Y9FP0
=?K7-1I]ITF(
2ZR:E; Y/&!*I_




X_6FZ/<S1

&5@\F[ 4@8PH[KQS[DU3T?QT]MK<$^H:9(#Y!MA'#O.YPV<-U]
5

F8C+%9_NTG #K+

*H+NTA[!UY[# _E7G.K_$V!;LQ:/8&YG'FRDJ&
M_P!U1SCZU=^)^K&WTVTTX



M9E?!_//Z4:


,-3EM-N)_/8/.6MEC&<%3U(]
#(S[UQ3Z3-X?TC1O$


EU':0Z3'FSN@R!79MVS(P0








U=@]O&E[;R/NC9\A21][
M.
 ]QC''U-5M(U;1]?


MD &F2R
JDJZCTJ5AQ^-0

M&3=SW?VB-2Z+OZLHZ $59T*=1HL


;QMQM/.*E:R1G5V?YEY&..U.2:







M




JN05)/0$X';TIUG''<Z=;^:N8AY;;O,!Y0Q@8_P! _E[
MU(/#\5QJ@U*6Z86\
DG[C:

M))!P
\=*I^!KIK'7+S2YXV@
SLPC=LD.H7O[@G\J] 
R(^$PQ8@*
]23_P#7




DEU.6
;#HF !GZUN:E86UW)'YT(9X_\ 5MD@@Y^O/XYZ5/!-

MSDG!QSW/3UKS/Q1I

MRCY;YCZ






M-6T6V299//




^)=<TL#4--O%;
9O
M





M;X0*.

P^8)+U1Y9)'&\@\@^
M]=YH7A@Z/XADU*WO4$<VX&!8N#TSSQ@CCBLRT\(MH7BVU+[:)EGU-!&(\


M:8B=S;

MKBV\+7^AR:IYD=R?W3K$1Y1.

M$D

M:9O


3P #GKFH;C?MC*J

!]:


ML;B/[*6DCD0J6W;P1C!Q_3]:SX)[M[6*3S83)@9#*
 8/ZU9:X9[66(30NP;
M'/&


MP

H.6^N!2$
.AJ#:Q)1M^T\]32$;%5 6
MV#/?^M 7%F9UMF8C[JY(^E5-#16\
Z4[(&;[+&PW#GE1WJ&\\RU@F8R2[1&2


@?(_KVK41H0

M&#3')).?I45A
6EDB\W?L/.001Z=130
BU25S:QQ-#(2\\8 !&/]:@'/OVK)



EC8SLJJA4$$ K@?G0 R
M*
F!?F)4



M]I5JJO-#/YDWSQ-@
YRIYYZ _A5:YMC_8EM:NTSE9Y%1B02%C(/MR1CO6Q
MX/2+R)A\IE65W;/.-Q/Y#@_K4!E2&/RHX\:Y?8R@GDX QZ?
#GVK2Y)J6V

XW$9^F

=JE@0HH'B2/N/L+G!ZC]XE6K]YRXA2
&%XFRXZJWI@]B#^E5

M

OIBF@.J#S.6;=@@47




M/

\?I[NX%G#=R))N_U.5 5C@_4=ZR=9M6DN,D2RL$)A0P09//U
M]_3%2
T]/8
+D0%707!&[/L*T





JJN

MBD4/

 %@




MX4FN@550T@D&&R1571+5+*YD2(R+$RB0ENA8@9_E6ZI1A\KYQ22&V4IK*S*E
M'B*  YQG!'/I[U26TMS)_KW ([Q4C'3'KUK2O6*6T:I%)


8).?XAWZUL^2AW%E!.:P





COY#)IET F[



CTR:MQQAXL.H*CGFH




Z]CC

5%9;CXEO


NIR&.!WQZU8BGFBMRLD1#*O+




Z.5X?



'%9VC
MQ;3PO;-$UJBQB0G_ %ORAB1Z $D?G5NTD\X(



M_'IQ6K&55%V\C'%96JO>)%-

M1GD?_7K4A18XB

[L4]S\M
7.[%==CD)5!Q5+5
MBPM[4 ];R 'Z;P?Z5?!XK+UL;QIB[L#^T(B1Z\-Q0
O+*&)Q^.:ESQ4&&5&W







0?PJ.VNE^R


:Y6Y2[LY)U@M&E#



M]BF#@?O)#_

M&:C\..[:GJ+
6)\F!26ZG[^/TK1$
WYG9(6?N*RS=3K+(Q8A=P(]O6M:1BD9

FEDO+EILCR

A=S= *8&;X9@']F6UPN0)]]O(

M-



5O

5NQXW


MZ(P!X!&3]*&-$ME$MQ9@


0!T P
\\YP2?S-2



MS3B3:RJ%)7'8GVI

 X.]!Z]Q[5V_]H64M
-E!!SQ67K$@\W3EYYN




(
U







S( 
A
%A[8]:


3F01%%G=F+#_ &CZ_P ZVHK006MFY*)(
K__ %JYGQ+%J-M<
M0:DR$VZ8WNC%2OU ZC_ZU=' Z/KDN3E6L4^7Z2'_ !_2I[HVLUHWFHCQN-C?

MPLC'(W'&3_+IZ5*[/=2+/&Y(\M5*=

M$-[#[2X!!&Y0I)_J
?3VKUVQC58XU)&Y5'YUY-$HE\13Q([)(9W*RJ20K*2P


%'0LV.

% 4GD \?YZ4F
?;N3*H*'J!D^G3/M5.VM

MWJDJX\63#.
Z?'U'_362IHY2+G&X?
/NCK]:A(SXJE+ %3I\8Q])7I@7WAQR


M/EZM]5?R\[N2/RK\

M*4*63 XSUK




QZCY



?DRY



]_05JP:7;1WR:A
L\GF0-$T9PRL-YR






@4%V*D=?2IO
&=H)S^-1P$8(5#G'WBF

(8Q
M*TJ*)
?

0?2KCJKC@\'N#7.:%
M/<O,LI6+RV/S.HP<] !Z_7UKHEBC@A6.-1&BGA1TY.?YFE88Z.-8T(
 4\



^BM+:V@DGGQL@8

MX$\?3T\M3_6NJ.J
V=%(3'Q !P.E8K^;-.!M.X-D $CCMGU^E:4K/LXD'R


U0BY';R(BJ#D*GS'.
M_G-4+_P XW-N8L*%A=22N







M.J


058YP!NYI=Z94$*C=NE-EB64!R?





 42W!$LB^9&03VQQ6/J=N&C1




M=VWKC_)KA[JXMEM[/[/)Y;Q;RR

D4#6\B0/FXC#
&^;'




A
9P
U*S*A+R




_Q \YJ\Z*W7MSBHU 4O
MD@@MG@= 


#'U_0URWBF.1M;A*M\J68)XZCS)
X'KBFA$^K/(9(O(F7[




1N?F8C!Y




7C6D$A# -CY!MZU4@U*9\(SX)R0. /7/K0T)
4
RCGS-B$JH')QZG]*SIY




H'F1JI*MSL)Y QU'XU6E9HLQ3'+D<E3D8
MZ?T_6@9;TJ2.*&;+$QQMD9!.!@&O'YED?4[VYB8-']H+J0
]22!CWZ5[!I4*






T/#D?DK?*L:1H


J1P


W7EHQ7F%WXM




UX^[&;F0@?D*NK
M,N[Z*TLWN2EQ*$Y*01[W/T Y-(+&;K4X.R+8#(+
MBW&5)XS(O]/YUMAMTW
H+G=!9?(6&Q0 2<GCOD






%EE1;B
-C&\J
&A8
M2QB2Z5BRJIW)M)W#D^V#G\.:Z*Q


_=1W(*
MF-A






#N/H31)
L@;8 P#






M

M2E6:9G_U1SV!&
#WYYI?.E10)$4G@9]:A??LR



MD$DD 4V11SN&05]*DJYG-AU!+MY)?,D&S'FG81_N],U#81M-JDP(S%YDC@A
MB&5ACIU&&-+=1W(O+-(HR\/G@R=MBA
MI&']X$X_O5(7&PG&?8BLZTAEAFF\VY




M/XX_&I&
NFD




M%3V'B:-M6N]/FA=)87( '(^5BI_7CZ4
$CI&GQ3)&Z[@P0\X(/7GN*XOXB



GE$)O4?(QXR!Z]35B5

[8);D$X ^1
K]


M8]ACM5M=*U&0$'5;Q=P^958 9_*KUK?.EHHE((QU)'YU%-J*[AB7;Z;6Q3YC
M

UI7WV35O$5O:WKF






=LT(#LH

MY1.V/F44T!#IEQ9-*UBP$



BEQSR:PK




(

MY04*\C/7VQ67K

M^'Y731P#(I832Y(Z$EC

MJZL]0@U2.=BPKO90)



?4#&1ZY]*$KL9
MY#(BI(P2177^\H(!_.F49XI.]=IS@:6BD!H 2@]:** '+C(R





M\I_]!KLFO(+KQ=J&H111Q1E/



*-OK]?


MI##%)&


/]MO\*OF1
M%F4 CKZ5+&6!+LD0[U&)I_'GFFV^/+2/<N$&WAO0D56\P;LLF<R+[9[9_6I

QVJ
DLQ.

MKA.3WQZ5Q%I?PF_FB?SV19)$V

2*8C9M
M;A+F)+I(Y$64;B''(/3G\JO*1N//!].U9:2IPD4^[NHQ@584N(6P^6!/4TF
MM7)D#'&,YK'UM9VM$\H\9

2S8&




MV



YQCZ#OCUK735(Y1

&BPVMI:$ '$DG7M\[5/08^U:9H@UQ&L

.SJ/NQXR

M057/UJ*I5^5@QC##'?I0 DC&25GP!D]!49JY-%=3/O\ L;H/N86)@
C_ /74
M


#/ ]*T)&625%.2
Y;'I5'FG2AR
I_P!IZEO6)8XD^2-%'&!QG\<9^IK1

VXI=W)^3U]:BN ZH!C8@4_7J?U-:W]BRSV


M3UIAU

HQ2ES2%F]33$-



C%UERJC. !G!)_AKGSD(A DGG///2LBS^6T2-V895

MM;EI)0H=SANGXUSMK:7




M#X6FB4_*J( H/0;E--M[VWD221[9
D
ISR
?+Q4&HW*S:7J.P[ER-QZ$#*



X [^M-H#2C97X;Y3TP*EX?&[*[1TZ54@=MN1L!!.!
MCJ
]?QI?-9F??&!\Q((/48';ZTK /DC4
P/8YZUFWK8UJPRB.I@F!5CC^)

M5


U$\]L+3RIY



RG
MU!Q0!Z'_ 
*AOX[97EOE:3;EUBCR%..F3C-6+7P'JT5I';I=HL(W'S)(F4KD

\I'O(:CED^I5T=IJOA5?#R







;N

=A/0 ]0*X7Q#!(D[8+
S

9.


M1N 0M2
Y77+8NRRA7W%L*J'CWS6CX5








)9 5)Y!W5S%C;88-&ZF
M



$]J & 4X+4@3CI3Q&?0T 





 K:MK=_)C(((V!L ^U8E;5N93#&


M0!/GRQ&3[D9HL9/FF4DJ'QU/3!SG\\?G02=?#)&RK^[)W@2



#@ Y.!TYQEJZ-IUBU.T79R\N 5/0'/-3F)2[%
MY5F(,FX X S^6:0SFM-2[AN!);6KHVV5=W#?3W]*UM2M9+A_M489821$RL/


\@9Z'_(K1=RK=0/7TK-MA&T

M
NPVJN
L?S_&LK4W$5LS(^&'(R.IS0@'K8_9;FU

MRJ/


M8\C+N)/RC/ %3S.!:_
S#:?O9JO%



\GK@UF:M+#



]?TJC?3M 54L6&.M6B[(MCOV[U3
M(9BW$FV9C*S/A#@9Z$]S6AH+0Q_:Q-D
9%P
]
H/3BL+4
MQ
EPQV


X:
*WW!SQ_+]*WD;@
K

MW!D='1O+^1ES]UL?S]J:=A&5I$:


M[O44Q-XD4K@G SC/-38IZE(ZL



6\+2
L9_UK_+VX(![
H]:; C
M^(ECI-WIEAXD\




?B



M_(^A!':O+Z%N







MGZYS[4D
PMS?WC7I.IWFE^ ]*TBQM]!L-1U:\M([RZNM1C\Y5#YPB+GC'/((

\@N'A2=8I%<Q2#


MA6(!/Y5@?#W_ )*#H7_7VM4/%?\ R.&M_P#7_/\ ^C&J7N!D5ZOX:EL=+^&D


M=W&




G@$C^+D

M[VMTL;Q7TX4VS?PR$+D$9*XZ\GL1PGN(S]2T272]7NM.C8.L4@AB9S]X  C(

G%0:HR3



M%

1D 'ICG\^U &S'@7+Y<!6SW_ _2G3%2O^L!R?7I4$TL
#DD*OSA/N]2





$A4DA^#G!7@TDRHC(RQYR,,._P%27LV
MR
1QQJS]3GHHZ9&:E@5(9(PK1A]N3C#'D_\ UZ9

M$C*?

NB85


;8@.TD9Q\O\_I529T<@]3P:07.:O(I#
[%BSA?Q'I_GWJ-
M(I)[*]B&2S* %(YS@=_PK0O5_P!)WEQL
BH./N^O\J@BE)NI\KP @R/I5=!&


KJ\H!ZL&//
M? J4*7C!!QGKZ56



]







C@^_


=!7

8'/T'^


8(^E)'(ZV\8+


X^1JN;XVP 9



MKS63K$ZSW&GA1@(T@;(_W




M_P#K5+I31W$\[./











YWKC/4=Z;:7/FR3YP
2%2 ??^=(#1


M]J9)*L1PQ/)P
=Z +=T=UO#_ -=



M@%;[V/SK$LB# K_W@#]

M


H)X/
W R ^F1P




,CFJTOS..*
,C=O+[_F!/6F!__9
end







begin 644 dcsa_10kimg8.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 %T A@# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#@?AEJ_P#9


'!Z
WRO%=M%&_*'<JL< CTH\ZYOG

D1ST
MJPA!XR*NQ(.@I7'8J)%CM4ZQU=2)#VJ8PPP0O/(<(@S]:ALHR[ZY^PVPVC


M3B*;BF E

WTF^@!]%
WT;J 'TM1Y-2QQ22GY5/UH&)F
MGCG@=:8\]G;G;)






\
MU@8*Q
?:ND\*AE20YX(&13C9






.RM(9'7JJ_XFF6%CE

 582=/I5$ @8Y-*




M-M$LF_@(_&GS(1R!--/2NM.@69Z;A^-
/AVU/1W%'
@.0D17&&56]B
U7O8+




M5&Y_S-0BQ8/O:-W?NS\FBX#_ +;&O%K;M




C'KP*V/#LB




/1(66VDD9I'!.!OZBKAP@9F('ZUG1ZE=6NHVMC

<8K8A

MJ5RG_$TL/I+_ %4#),&FE35KR_:E$/M0(I%#3IK4%L#VJ9+!7/(II@839%
M









LBI


T9HL




ME26W[PZGDDCN.U7K16  X(;C#=#^/8^AKSC0]+UZ:YBNID6S5QN$CQCSOT

M[E71!J


]SS55O,GV#GM4]Y(=TUQQN8DC^E6O#CZ:DEP]]=1
M)-PJ*YQQW-5:R$WJ012;.
5=CNUZ&MDVNE7!_=W%NQ/3;(*BDT.%N4/Y'-*




O

8S8.XIAA0]JF(IN* *YMQV-1-;'L15RFD4
M 43;M_=-1-#6D132/6@#

=-*&M(HIZ@4TPJ?;Z4 9I4U7AS]HNO]]?_ $$5

MY5)^@H;RHCB68 _W%^9J@G:0Q

F

0FBC&**!GE?B

MK1[_ %%T$L
[


+[-4@\.VY0




M;#%)BGT8I@,Q32*D(II% AF*:PJ3%(10,B(Q49%3E:C84(\4E2;:3%
8RJ




M90.:3FM)K$=F_
5&UA)C@ _0T 4*/QJRUI(O5#^51^2PH CS2YXIWE'/2E\H


:9$/OL3]!15MC1


ME]YL




&K4T)


MF12Y/4.:?
+E
_\ M5Y$C:#4(%W+D9D(K0M[GQ

%MDY[?45STGQ!

*QW


=.N&D\[P[:(=AR8\K20ZGH\A






MCU+=:@:UD'8'\:I(12?=(Y=V+

/H:M&WD_N'\*B:)QU0_E5(

MI+$+M$A(.

85




_\
X)ZX^E<


)M
MLD<#NI]!Q5@7@<TX$5X9%\2O$L6
W



5P/^/C1HF]XYB/YBM&#XQ:8V//TN[C_W'5J+
M



49BADE7N44G%221
M-%DR(Z8Z[E(I,TBKHM?VS@_/!_WRU2#5[=OO+(OX9K&+QL?E;\*3%%R;&\NH
MVC?\M@/J*2RN(7:YVRH?WQ_B]A6#MJ&V3F;C_EJW\A1<+'8<'IS2BN8&]/N


MT:_5A5636+&/K*6_W5)KEBVVHS)FH=0M4D=#+XDA'^KMI&_WF JJWB*Y8_)#




&HFS@NHI6$:R





MIXI@


MX)!R
C

M_P Z 8?V-Q_K!CZ4R328U0DR

7O6TT
1/*#\*B:VA/8CZ&D
P+I?*B9\Y(&155!
JCSA&
M[=Q&2
?G3O%UR=-LXO(4

N_RUB'+'':DP3.J#@?\L7/
MXC_&HX+@^4(&ZDYW#U-8=QKN6968*P^49QBLM)9O*$DLC










MV3?/


MQX?L=0LX+?[80L2D?+CG)ZURMYXBLT


Z



M1_





A1@NV!GO40L9B64;3( %4@YI1;5-Y


M!&J:MD<B%!_X\:];KR3X/?\ '_JI_PF

MVLI

MS



MNS_1W4'=_M=?TK9/MZ47&1L




ML3J\;@









MSZD]ZT * 5]1^=/ROJ/SK2QKHA*2G$CU%



I]JD7/\ $I&15?=4;DD?+UIW8CC_

)



'KFNIT8

)_//..@]J7M(7W-
M?J\UT/1]*_U(QTJ?4!Q'^-0Z









M99 [EO+C3/41H%!_ 5%GTH 6ELO#^F'49-0N]6?S)!@1B' 3VS3=U)NH&;TF

MNKSDYRIS_
4R&PATO3TL[::6:&+A&E #8ST.*N$G;4$WW#0PB]2N!3Q313JR





#RR+'
\A;*ECPI



NRC9]5O

2#4?\
MKVD_]!-:Y%9VN+_Q(=0_Z]I/_036R

M

ME-S(5P0A.
Q-%R6FCSNW\:^(83AM5G(!YW\U+/XPUJ9-IURXG_ &=N?RIFH1A;CH.E





M^W1PN5$DLA(P
0_*/I13KF_:8;8X93$#T48HK2P79J;KG3M3:;R4M[5&.%W@
MMM[LS4-1AO;AY5A=R3\Q09JRNIK+HRR3NQ

MN&3I

M;6*UAL9$%]

MD4W%2XR*:14#N0


M:
L!TR


M#GIBW'^-)R0[
\P621FPH+-UPHYH
$\C9


UY-2M;AKQ2
MACEADM1ED/7!SP:]3:ZC

M]1


COA6.YSDGFE83=SB-1_X^/PJAM^

M\/\ TV_H*]
CZBO-OA0/^)5='UF/\A7I
76IZEK8G?[E59ON58D/RU5DY7%-
MB1YQXJ\=7FFZF]C9*L?EG!D(W9/IBLVR^)&HQS[KQ(IX3QM4;6S6QXP\)VVH
M:G#


MS5#=%DMK;R




ML./P%


MQY9CN#.[M\^TD;:L17$0
6TE50\LZ$]?YU%_9ZNP:&VB93T/FG@UHK:
\6V4
M?*



BB
B#NG.*T--N0

MTDBHZ
AU]@VJNP/+*

MJT2;?AH_\5#:?5OY&O3(C^Z6O+_#9_XJ&S^K?^@FO3HC^Y6E(N.Q-32:
\4W
M-2

.1D9

S?LLSZ@LA9






#(3R@0*Q?\ A87B1HC


MEP8;
O$9)2=C8/(HBN5W8V[H]4M)7FM5=C(ZEWV-(





CSN&T]NH![FHYOB'X8@N5MVU$%SCYE0E1GU-.P'80M\
MU4KF78A(ZFF:3JEIJUHEW936%B0.Q'4&FSD&


M15OQ3K+:%H$5_ Z3O=R@&1







;
MLT;2.^^&UK)'X=FOY\^;J$[39/\ =' _K38H//DL;8?-FXW2#'0+SS75VT$5

-2LT07?R&7

CG(7I^-18LTC
=B*75
MF'++CD45.H#XR!@T5)5C,TNXL-/NS-/Y5N5:%R&0_UK;FT[2=?7[1IT\$5



M#


2#@]?R%='HNK1G5YH;KP[




TS^5.JLV0P(^]^?I6?G


L\?NVX#%/^T0  ^=&
M![N*5AW-*)'R


GW+SLC78W0^]%A7-G0;DW_ (JD\2



=5@EU.33T)69




X&/I7=QSOI4
T421[KQC)
6&



MD

MKE_2+F%-8^T7D!OXE;=+#M^\
\]Q_P#6KIO$FLZ7]H4^'%DTVW



%R^IHOF-



D4B*Z

S5%0%CRBS^%FJ32!=2U95@SRL.68_GP*

M(/ QBL5C$P63S&(!PN.E:7B@S1Z]=L$WC@J V#TK$+OY966!TZ8V 8-826IJ


MF$$
H?(ZG%%9D%VBRC;.1D8QG%%%@N:L
WV2Z1(TE(((^9LY^E6;1@DK3R0^



)%G9?


MH%[= 7

DD,DW4A/
M[R D\9

NCRV2NR


*KWP3X-T$:=);7\<EL K3(=K+_ 'L9
M]\5QMQ\:/%,A_<I86_O'#_B:QO$FLC4K2TM8W8V]K;LL2EL[/F!P#7)U,65+
MH=C-\4O%DV[-]
\_+;J*NZGXFTO5!=MKY#RS^7


MGJQJ]CL#\(?[0T33M-_MV0M 7E61H058/C&!NR/_ *]/T_X 6\.YK[7Y'3'2
:O::6^ESP-=

8SZ9IVDS)




MO$%U$820N




M3VO/


MY;F.WM+F;9-M+11%E '7)K( )&1Q6-/J;5.@VITU*]MXQ%#=2QQCHJM@H@






MOF


QUYA:X



F35N.]U*)R+75;T(#Q^\#C


MJL-96
98N[O8ZNY^R74?ES$[0

:3R'9C)\N&D!KFCSUJ
M6U %U%Q_&*/8*UV)8EMFK=7





DG).!0DT_(KW;:;G06
D=E:3FX#JC
$&P\YYK(DO))M3E
MMC

M596URU4% VU2/E^O-9SC?K8TISMTN8)N %RK



':%
MCS




B
TSPJ'1N .!7:7:


MQR)&554&!CTHU 3W7VZ
.#'&X((/4GFL^)HH)&=-R[N#SBI%UNUMX9H6
:F0


M'LAQ5\LGT

MJW('^T]4J4GT)=6*ZG7:/;RK-/(;Q[60(-KQ2[2?8]C6C9ZCJ]A).#K-K
C@


RWVHS^6P;%Q

MO32M]6-
\L'J


]Z_E2VRN7*I)\V/8]


MM%R4K


MW%9^T$8*M(;9M*0'DP/C\&H;12B6+6X9&QCY#U;.?SHJA$@).T_KS1461H?
M6PS5_3C^];_=J@*NV!Q,WTKT);']C@;ZXUIIW^SK%YAFD#C:




MBX



M*/4+D1K]T(N

^-MLH^K4W_A(

M2


M(+2UM ?LUO%%GKL0I]83K-['73PJCK+4Q[CPIHDZ*ILECVG.8R5)]C48\)

74YJ]H:<IG]Z*#UI*Z#B&N?E-
9 Q%.?[I^E.49QQ




M;?N6/I@4TVQ62(?LZG@@45)YJ_PKGZFBG9CNCZD%6;






\GI6




=3GL*UC*\E8PG%QB^9V['

L!G.

M[BL;6.I-/5#F:F
W'6F
U

MF$_B%M4STKH-#^6TU7U_L^;^58Z %#A8Y%([C(/Y5KZ

MZ#U1Z

OUJ



D]20'CK2@^]1YI0:LS9(#3A3*7-!-A^:7-
S2YIIBL/KM?

9=Y/?\ B]NY[9)[5R.M

MS1P.%^R27*L 7*J&8\]P






QD.3



MY^Z56&?EZL?PX

MV 
G ZMOPC9S7OB:S\K@0/YSL1GC_'I69J$$%M?2PVUTMU I^291@
*Z+P
M#J




M

]_\ &N0C
MA?*982&C/S


3+W)%9QZ5Z-X1LQ
(Y[*RNH)+=97G@:'S-
MV

G_H



M57^(QE%%%40-I#2T&D&U9LO^/J/ZU6-6;+_ (^EJ)_S2G\2-C [TAQVS2A
MJ7ZBO


M)IXK91G= 
MN[5VVJW6F:X;.U\/HLFH/
LYN&!!A5.[D\_A6

]ZT!JTTVF26-V







20;F=AZYJ6WLAQ2U;*EYX+U*VL)KZUN-.


32/A]




3DL!S$Y^HR


T_^T5D

TB^%+]=
MNM1M=9TN:WC@6XN;:WNR9 O&-R8QD$]^AJ5)V3;*Y5JDMCF:V]'\
ZGK-M)=

SD?WB
M3UJW)W21$4K-LK7?@S5(-/EOK2?3]4MX1F8Z?=+
8QZD#G'TJAIVI#3='O\

MI;J$B2=BBCHH/./UI7=^5E:6YHF'VH/2DHK0S#-%)10 II*


W3+')III*8T+FBFFES2N 9H!YHHH





M*TT$:OE% 5AN4?6HMGI6B(5EMVW
08CD$+G@_P#UZA
*9XE'XJ:=V%D5-F:/




FR6
Y5L*!Q3);RV/PZM;$3H;M=5DE
M:'/S!#&H#8]
C%





MYIVW(I#1$P3I\_Y TSRXR.)
?534Q2F;: (_)7_GLGTY%+Y!Z@J?HPIVTYH*
I8Q^M)E(D5GZ;C2Y/?!'THQBEQZU!:%
M&)5$1@_P'^GXU#M[$'(J4K4RQ-<@LNWS%'S!CC(]:!E3RSZ4;1WZ5:-G<$9



444%$J**M
M1J
T45#&BQM&*LW8'VE_P_D***0RO@4W YHHI @VC::9113 9WI3112 -HQ4



C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

 .*QO\ A9_C;_H8KO\ )/\ J7CH?\ %P_$
M7_80E_\ 0JP\5M96-(HZS_A9WC;_ *&.[_)/\*=_PLKQI_T,5W^2_P%<AWI





/M


%PT9!G^9@..H7.*Y:D+RT6A2\SCQ\6/&H;!
MUZ\X[87/\JLS_%OQ3LC\G7K_ '%?FW!.OY5S5GI$NL*MU-=!3+/L8E/7DFK_

MI%^3Y
]

M (5YZ))T/RQEL=\4]IKZ3!*

MO7/Y+_A7GV;G/W#^5&;G'


-I]O:O(%+;AYBL%SSM-==\+C_P 7/T$#=_Q\'J?]
MEJ3II(.==BMXZ_Y*'XB_[$O_H58C=*W?'?_ 4'Q#_U_P O_H58;=*?0J)'

MH0F:9;X8%3VJOLB?Q#@@J.6




MK&$6]2FTM!K/)\\B
4CR0
&JYN9N@E;I3DG7/[R%7!]Z8SQ$\1D#TW5ND0(9


M_P7_P!K!8


:$I'GH%6HK:5EW!#M%=CJ.BZ?;G=

0A5QSTKBKW6K2\NI%6)]




B)/?

:=IY&
M!1:2:23F4X![$5O%] 6U8(4$@7Y3@Y)K&<]=BHQTW.5U1S&Q+YW'\:S1( /


MQBO2?%MLI\3ZHPZF[D)_.N)U% C?C7&I=#I2T.8(P2#VH%+*V9G^M-'2M1A3



\674

MW#'K777OBB\ VV4

M@G:014TWB&=X93=()/E(4HH&#[^U8D

:K =K



7VIQ$25W'%9














6S4N
M:'R



X&
FI=7OIQ$5Z+CM7B6YI'J-V1R?
MB


M_$4$I2*;(91@^AKSQF+.2:TM&E$-\F[[I.#14I)P*A-\Q[K:7

T(*L&XJK?

AT6*X;

W8:GJ2W/:JTS;7ZU2(;$U*;=9!#ZBJ(

QYJ)V<\9R!2


BZ5S]#HBA^WVI'B1UPZAA[BG\GI03Q2N5;0IM:P#D1+FG)&BGA%_*I'IJ

T]:Z/PA?1VE^R2':)
4/*#D\\&NFL/ EI:A=D0&*YJN+BM$-*QQ&C27.D3HP7UK



M%96#?45C7O-PY'K6A


AVI:
X/\ #S67
M)

6 (Z'\*Z(R2W(Y6RD74GICZ4G!S@@_6K
MIMY'Y


XS1.#:N@C




MG4BTHQ)2
^2'=?\ T3TJG



MR9+0\ZSGGC%6%*[2W%/:SWLV!C JM)!*G8XKUM&8IV([DJ?2J/!/(J6=7/45


M_P#0JS(JTO''_)0_$7_80E_]K.A]:YGL=:V+ '%(W2GFO4HHKOUH6AZ(^:


K
5
M[




M3(*Z^]UZ5]#GL!(55OX1TQ7$NQ!(]:NFF]R)
[CPAX
T_6]
-W=W@1B?NA@
M5Z#X-\#Z3IGC/2[NVO-\D

MC'_2#G)_V6K&HI\VYHDN6YSOCD_\7$\1?]A7_T*LZ!NE:'CK'_QO$7_80E

MM6QRR6MPF4B.H[*Y



L@

M'*.H'/-85$38]#OHUEVN.U4_)C=2#CI68GB!9K?CTJ$:LN.IX]!62N@LSDI[


M
MMHUJ&'0LN?YUI&G)D^T15CG+IC;FHY)XXHR\RHBCJ6.



]'2]AX^88;H*BN+N$';N&

M7!C.
9%;QT


AN
UT=#%[E

5H7#;K



M3A4*\$5ZCXYT;S=!^T1_


UQ$-\1C)Q5^WU#G);I


MQKAY&

TL P?05EN]1[+0TWB^TQ


MRI4.Y7(^M1ZD&





MGMUJU%9C=]T4_:
GE1S(T@A
D57:QV/TKN'LP(3QVKG[^-4EQTH4V'*C.2(*

!P3UJ_YRX!(&
56A N-/;'


M%6?O[\5[



MZU-'IS21K


M_


M/V.W/8UUD\D






MZ744L[)E8\=NQK/?X@VOELAL[C!&/F(_7BLC/\ PD'@:]2/?- 2I*@$Y]
M9'7KSFN
N(R.'A96ZX=0#_Z%7/3BFVGNBYI;HO\ FH+N1X%/EL2?+'5?I5L$

MD/WE-;VBV




4;:00/?M2
K08=&RIY#5/E+I.H$H'*_WJ0%=@K)M89'\JJ21M;D
.5]:
MLE6C;_9SSGM3LJR'HRD'(JE*S!I
ABO&0AAP15[^W98UP!N.
9-94MN57S$!


I7_  I

!M//U
MKK_A61_PM'0
=[@\?\!:N*((/-=E\)_^2I:!_P!=S_Z U*?PL$M2O\08W'Q#

*ZI?A!XE!YN-/_ ._C?X5.OPF\1CK/8?\
L]C_ -_&_P *?_PJ_P 0X_UUC_W\;_C
ME$YQ.75AFIU8NB'PQ\0C_EM8_\ ?QO\*E7X:Z^.LUE_WVW^%'*R.9'.LP\D


%9F;U60YJH/MFG73)<Q$L.J.W/YU[O

MJ)[IFNO/*(3_ '6&17K _9^\5*YQ=:84/4&5O_B:B_X9Z\6 G%YIF/\ KHW_
M 

;!Q3[B::];SY&CWD8.T8S7IX_9[\6C_E\TS_


MBF_NS#ZE13MDB\$M^
RBO43\ ?%3$XN-'7/^VY_I2#]G[Q3_ 
_FD_\ CW^%


3::8+64NXB=BQ&TCC(]ZF51-6&DSV:3Q!I$,KQ2ZC
M;I(AVNK. 5/I3?\ A)M$Q_R%+7_OX*\?UQ2?$&I8.+E\?G5']ZJ;?+!![UY




_X6'X._Z&73/_
M  (6ODGQ!-$+O[' ^](2?
;^\_?\!6#^5=

S*BYU[3XBPRN^<#(J#_A8?@[_ *&;3/\
MP(6OF_XCZ%/IZZ9,Z+Y+*8U8$')'-<&ELS$X''8TX04HWN-Q:=C[-_X6%X._
MZ&73/_ A:/\ A8?@[_H9M,_\%KXZBT]Y1GI^%
ELVAZKD4_9KN-4VS[+@\=

MXP/2N6K4Y)61T0PO-'F;/5CK^D X.HVW_?8J&;Q5H$ S-J]FG^]*!7D]R-BD
M*H'N37)ZYO

M#+IG_@0M?&=\XDO96_VJA09:NY44^IPMGVG_ 
._\JOV*[@F?9'_
MP//_0R:;_X$+3?^%@^#_P#H9-
_\%KX]R/04TX]!2]D,^Q/^%@^#_^ADTS
M_P %I?^%@^$/^ADTW_P(6OC@_YXIRXI^Q0'V+_PGWA#_H8]-_[_ *T?\)]X

M(6OD%U!'056=5ST%-4D*Y]C_ /P?!__ $,NF?\ @0M'_P?!_\ T


M;7@=

M7C.B^&H+.

M +_9T\P ZL^
UU.79'HKJ3^%/#1U::3?@1P 2/D9'7I^-:NH6=M/++!9VJ0
M,#M+1L5S^5:7A[QSX1LX7MKO3;ZW20@M)^?SJQ(_A;4[AI-%UTQ2

(W<MC/I4\-KA1D =@HK7U'2I]-G;S K%
MR3YJ'(:H;6+?ODQ]W@?6KYM-!I:DILHHXE96R#U]JQ=4VJ.M=%9X=OIUK)O
M].\P%FY-9QE:6IT\MUH=9X#M771H6V\R,6_N\)\L8QR!WJGH5A'::?;H%P!
M&H'Y5)JD_DQG;UK@G+FDV=*T21EZI=[229L?05R&KWN^)@&]ZEU6[+[@17

M6QXY^T2


Q] *KZ'X3U#69QB
QP]W8?RKUS1?^GZ/;JH0/(.K-S7)6K0CIU.F
ME2E(YO2M%O;Q5,B&-??K7:6&GQ6:!549'?%6QVVCBI@@ S7!.HY,[8P40+E5
MI+X US3TSRUP@_6H+N8)&3Z5F:1
9O%.F'G'VE/YU
%J$B[K3XUO4_^OE_Y
MURFKL=C8KI_$ :'Q/JEN_)

* !IW+RMW(' 7Z5
MF/7HTXZ'FUIMRN49


M-[TP-2&A(-1=U/#G-19HSS]*+ 6 3GK3NM5@U2JW:E8!&ZU$U6HH);F7RX4+

2@8K@JXF4M$=M/#QCJRA;P06B!(
M(@J^PJZJ$U(B*O;BIE KF.@%5=H'H*B=B.*G( &:ISN!D4$LSM1FVQDGI67H
M%R?^$MTA#T:\C'ZU-K


CE%^A%68M


M3VCE9X60C^\*DTF=HKIT!QO4\?2IJP52)=*?)
]ML#]KT:QA487RUS69XA7R
MU9L\J



XA4GYAD5G7%YO<CH

;BM9


M%%:6

M?7Z5SWC/3[&^TZYLL?;&E6.,)PS@\=.M9+5V-EZ#I8[A5:ZCN$GCZDQ\@H






[G3K[:0ELY8]L5FQ^$-0NYBTLT47L3N(

MINB^'H\W



_M&?\BCI7_7__ .R-



GTQ7AIGKSC=6.K;KEOE520P'0$





:QM'N\'


M^8V;HOKNQ6Q NH2VL311/!(W)DVY&.W7I5M+*]DA*:AJ#;


MU=.

MXI%/*L


BMU-/5'.XM%(K








I5MFV.


M6N;@M

BVBY[5T+N%BSGI7-Z(Q%O&/:MQRSJ

M:M^*]3EMGN95MC


MVP1GMY9YI% 80Q[5'N:T#XWN)05M=)N6DZ O&57/U.*GVU]RY49J6AAZI8WV



M3BNB.(AO8SE!GB?]@#^S?ML]E-';-TN'XR:YN5(UG9(CN3/RY[U[IXDSJ3I;
M+:3RV8X2'9L1F[$]ZSGTG1(]!DBO-+MK6\*XC:$EBI_O%CTK2&
2W$\.VKHY

M1BGR*T;LCC#*2K#T(IE=ZV.%GJ?P _Y*!
M_H2U]

M*6(O

MYP


M0[AP34) M2Z]R

M8WI)DJWFDD#&/\ H+J:&18R[L=HP-H[?6LD3R;1\O3O4$\KDC.12Y4-(T9



J $=E'^)IRO!7!3


M




M\F@U$G@ 0/



US1\9W7B:6+
MS=D4

%OT_PK*C*.





AIR1[HL[ANP<?A5'S%6$.WI
MS4L,WF1D]U&#]*I7K9B,:\!1Q1;6QHGH!N]PX&![FFK=AC@UF1L8SQ30YW#






M7*_B9FG[J
JULC+*&8=ZZ2XM3#HYG3(:W(D4_3K4EII^T@D5NQVJRV[0N/E=
M2K?0TG+417LK^'5K(Q2@
&7:RGH17G7B7PSJ6ERB.*1GTK=NCD!&^(D_=/J.




^FW!*7S3

MW'0-TQ63%=PZ5%+;V93S&C+99MS











MK;WA\#@



:Y6:15DVC&ZM[EC-YYL<A


DUJRX
M[(W5*^M/##/!KG/[74=ZL0:F)#C<,TK%'0))4=_IT&IP!)0-R_=;%00S!ZT(
MCQS2VU0CA[_1GM%9&VC[KC^M<W




U ;D)]XU6DN57ER
?6L2]U0NY6+GZ5K&+9$I)(U)]0
KF*$%W/  J]IW
MAR]
T=[=

ME24H\S



-A@JPXKB==^'6F:BK-%4).<QC!'^-=
*ZVD)WZ'AUU.D;[ 6!(W



?Z5Z/:0@8Q]U

F2TC;/4 8S7H7B
M&UCNK(K(N=OS*1U!KSJ*]LDU'R)+A?-4_=)P3^%:TTVC:$HVU

MFI-









MS\W*J?ZU?O- U'483%/
L-EG $0P


+3-$T_28PMM I;O(XRQK1K4^Q0;=NP_7-1MI\8Y#LM0Y-[@9
M_%
9_7FKS6]NO5V;%0





OK&
J67.1SBKA5E'0;A&6K17@!2- 
 8JV
B6]A


MR:E^TOZG\JSO^$LTL\FXC'U!_P *0^+=

9?**


MMA3YN[GJ:.:

MJ[V'S'I5JW_X^8O]\4TTZW_X^8O]\4X[H3V(YX)VNIB(GP7)!V]:C-M/C_4R






5F8^6

__9
end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Aug. 31
 2017
Dec. 11
 2017
Feb. 28
 2017








































  2017



































































160
000



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



012
875























































If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











400


137



Accounts receivable
 net (includes $0 and $288
389 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)

822


807







994





270


249





477


323





969


510



Fixed assets
 net

672
176


627



Intangible assets
 net

134


065





660


540





289


318





989


311





486
217


586
371












419


368





642


101





561


226





213







676


091



Leases payable
 current

146







661


557





444
318


343










Notes payable (includes $1
040 and $39
540 to related parties for August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)

926


797





003


168





929


965





024
247


036
308










Common stock
 $0.001 par value
 250
000
000 shares authorized
 150
036
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding
 at August 31
 2017 and 2016
 and 57
064
000 and 0 conditionally issuable
 at August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively

100







969





Preference shares (25
000
000 shares authorized
 &#163;1 par value
 1
642
826 and 870
826 shares issued and outstanding as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively)



154
127







540





464


187





142
804







766
367)


340
521)





970


063





486
217


586
371





















730














































































































































Amount due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























The carrying amount of consideration received or receivable as of the balance sheet date on potential earnings that were not recognized as revenue in conformity with GAAP
 and which are expected to be recognized as such within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 including sales
 license fees
 and royalties
 but excluding interest income.




























Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.




















































































Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount of long-term debt classified as other
 payable after one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount due from parties in nontrade transactions
 classified as other.




























Amount
 after allowance
 of receivables classified as other
 due within one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











































Accounts receivable
 net | $





389


















040




540
















Common stock
 par value | $ / shares










Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000




000
000





Common stock
 shares issued

036
000









Common stock
 shares outstanding

036
000











064
000









Preference shares
 par value | &#163; / shares










Preference shares
 shares authorized

000
000




000
000





Preference shares
 shares issued

642
826




826





Preference shares
 shares outstanding

642
826




826



























Ordinary shares
 par value | &#163; / shares










Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000




000
000





Ordinary shares
 shares issued





800





Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding





800



























Ordinary shares
 par value | &#163; / shares










Ordinary shares
 shares authorized

000
000




000
000





Ordinary shares
 shares issued










Ordinary shares
 shares outstanding






















































































































































































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date
 net of allowance for doubtful accounts
 of account and note receivables due from other than related parties.


















































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.















































































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016









Revenue
 net

180
483


869
517












633
591


458
240





181


401





655


193





025


588





461


940





091
080


120





380
510)


035














710)





566)







427
076)


325





230







425
846)


325





723)


785





459
569)


110












025
000


800
000



































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived
 physical assets not used in production
 and which are not intended for resale
 to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production.

























































Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) in the disposal group
 including discontinued operation
 recognized in the statement of income as a result of the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations
 including income (loss) from equity method investments
 before deduction of income tax expense (benefit)
 and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest.




























Per basic and diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation
 when the per share amount is the same.

























































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.











































































































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
























































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Begnning Balance
 Shares at Aug. 31
 2015

000


800





















Begnning Balance
 Amount at Aug. 31
 2015

195


535








540




402




367
846)


175)



Conversion of Class B to Class A
 Shares

800


800)





















Conversion of Class B to Class A
 Amount

535


535)





















Shares issued in exchange for debt
 Shares









826















Shares issued in exchange for debt
 Amount









154
127












154
127



















785






785























325


325



Ending Balance
 Shares at Aug. 31
 2016

800








826















Ending Balance
 Amount at Aug. 31
 2016

730








154
127


540




187




340
521)


063



















723)






723)



Recapitalization - merger
 Shares

800)




800
000


000
000


826)















Recapitalization - merger
 Amount

730)




800


000


154
127)


540)


677




154
127







Issuance of common stock
 Shares





936
000


936
000)

















Issuance of common stock
 Amount





936


936)

















Issuance of common stock
 Shares





000



















Issuance of common stock
 Amount













700








000



Issuance of preference shares
 Shares
























Issuance of preference shares
 Amount

















203




203



Return of preference shares
 Shares
























Return of preference shares
 Amount

















296)




296)

















592








592





















230)


425
846)


427
076)



Ending Balance
 Shares at Aug. 31
 2017





036
000


064
000

















Ending Balance
 Amount at Aug. 31
 2017





036


064






969


464


142
804


766
367)


970
















































































































































































































































































































































































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











425
846)


325












645


588





723)


785





566







680







230)














695)


194)





874


454)





979


200)





154)


308)





678)









660







053












133


374





665)


547)





585


625)





104


580)







001)





424)


902)












296)


443)












267)


443)












229
558


227





986)







244
654)







037







564
954


227





263


882





137


255





400


137

































967







592







511













































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period of all taxes owed but not paid
 including income
 property and other taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period
 excluding the portion taken into income
 in the liability reflecting revenue yet to be earned for which cash or other forms of consideration was received or recorded as a receivable.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in moneys or securities given as security including
 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.



















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The net cash paid (received) associated with the acquisition or disposal of all investments
 including securities and other assets.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.






















































































Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























The cash outflow for the obligation for a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization (with maturities exceeding one year or beyond the operating cycle of the entity
 if longer).


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017









DOCASA
Inc. (the &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; &#147;our
&#148; or &#147;DOCASA&#148;) was incorporated
in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016.
The Company was originally engaged in the business of commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August
4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from July 31 to August 31.

On
July 8
 2016
 the Company experienced a change in control. Atlantik LP (&#147;Atlantik&#148;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority
of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik
and Nami Shams (the &#147;Seller&#148;). On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
representing 75.8% of the Company&#146;s outstanding common stock at that time.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United
Kingdom corporation (the &#147;DEPT-UK&#148;)
 and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#146;s majority shareholder 170
000
000
shares of the Company&#146;s common stock&#151;110
000
000 shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the
Company&#146;s Board of Directors but no later than August 31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018.
Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000 shares of the Company&#146;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange
for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full.
As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial 110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the
115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change
of control.

DEPT-UK
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary
 Department of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#147;DCIA&#148;)
 on September 11
 2014
as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.

DEPT-UK
formed a wholly-owned subsidiary
 The Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 on November 9
 2014
 as filed with the
Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. On February 28
 2014
 the name was changed to DOCASA Limited. On May 1
 2015
 the
name was changed to Eat Sleep Juice Repeat Limited. As of January 18
 2017
 this subsidiary
 with no operations or activity
 was
sold for &#163;1.

On
April 5
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#147;DEPT-IL&#148;)
 an Illinois corporation.

On
May 18
 2017
 the Company formed Department of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#147;DEPT-UKWS&#148;)
 as filed
with the Registrar of Companies for England and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.

For
financial reporting purposes
 the acquisition of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented
a &#34;reverse merger&#34; rather than a business combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction.
For the periods subsequent to August 31
 2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization.
DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired
company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements
prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial
statements after completion of the acquisition include the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical
operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.

Nature
of Operations

We
are currently devoting our efforts to the specialty coffee industry
 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company will
generate revenue through sales at fifteen existing company-operated coffee shop locations in the UK
 with seven more locations
under construction. The Company is expanding its operations to the United States and is opening its first coffee shop in Chicago
Illinois in October 2017. Our objective is to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations.
Similar to other leading operators
 we sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks. The
Company
 as of August 31
 2017
 has discontinued its hot sauce products which had no activity in the year ended August 31
 2017
(see Note 3). Accounting for discontinued operations not required due to immateriality.

Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of DOCASA and its subsidiaries
 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&#146;s
subsidiary
 DEPT-UKWS. All significant inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company prepares its financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of
America.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial
statements include the amortization period for intangible assets
 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 allowance
for accounts receivable
 depreciable lives of the web site
 valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
valuation of derivatives
 and valuation of share-based payments.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable consisted of amounts due from customers primarily for management fees. The Company considered accounts more than 30
days old to be past due. The Company used the allowance method for recognizing bad debts. When an account was deemed uncollectible
it was written off against the allowance. The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management
has not recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts as of August 31
 2017.



Inventory
is recorded at the lower of cost or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#147;FIFO&#148;)
method.

Property
Equipment and Depreciation

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives
of the related assets of three years for computer equipment
 five years for office furniture and fixtures
 and the lesser of the
lease term or the useful life of the leased equipment. Leasehold improvements
 if any
 would be amortized over the lesser of the
lease term or the useful life of the improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with fixed assets below our
capitalization threshold are expensed as incurred.

Impairment
of Long-Lived Assets

The
Company accounts for long-lived assets in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
&#147;Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#148;. This statement requires that long-lived assets and
certain identifiable intangibles be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying
amount of an asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered
to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the
fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to
sell.

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company measures its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain
of our financial instruments
 including cash
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate
fair value due to their short maturities.

We
follow accounting guidance for financial and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value
 provides
guidance for measuring fair value and requires certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
but rather applies to all other accounting pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not
apply to measurements related to share-based payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach
(comparable market prices)
 the income approach (present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to
replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the
inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those
three levels:

Level
1:&#160;Observable inputs such as quoted prices (unadjusted)&#160;in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level
2:&#160;Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar
assets or liabilities in active markets and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not
active.

Level
3:&#160;Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed
by us
 which reflect those that a market participant would use.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company recognizes revenue for our services in accordance with ASC 605-10
 &#147;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.&#148;
Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement
did exist
 delivery of service has occurred
 the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably
assured. The Company has three primary revenue streams as follows:



    
    
Sales
    of specialty coffee and complementary food products.

    
    
Coffee
    school.

    
    
Coffee
    services.


Stock-Based
Compensation

The
Company accounts for stock-based instruments issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies
to recognize in the statement of operations the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity based compensation issued
to employees. The value of the portion of an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite
service periods using the straight-line attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance
with the measurement and recognition provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the
grant date by using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model.



Advertising
is expensed as incurred and is included in loss from operations on the accompanying statement of operations. For the years ended
August 31
 2017 and 2016 advertising expense was $39
628 and $27
395
 respectively.

Income
Taxes

The
Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#147;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#148; When tax returns are
filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others
are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained.
In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the
period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be
sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset
or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the
largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing
authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above
should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax
benefits. As of August 31
 2017
 tax years 2014 &#150; 2017 remain open for IRS audit and tax years 2015&#150;2017 remain open
for HM Revenue &#38; Customs (&#147;HMRC&#148;) audit. The Company has received no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for
any of the open tax years.

The
Company adopted ASC 740-10
Definition of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48
&#148; (&#147;ASC 740-10&#148;)
which was issued on May 2
 2007. ASC 740-10 amends FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax
position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term &#147;effectively
settled&#148; replaces the term &#147;ultimately settled&#148; when used to describe recognition
 and the terms &#147;settlement&#148;
or &#147;settled&#148; replace the terms &#147;ultimate settlement&#148; or &#147;ultimately settled&#148; when used to
describe measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC 740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon
the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. The adoption
of ASC 740-10 did not have an impact on the accompanying financial statements.

Net
Earnings (Loss) Per Share

In
accordance with ASC 260-10
 &#147;Earnings Per Share
&#148; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing
the net earnings (loss) for the period by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings (loss) per share are computed using the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock equivalent shares
outstanding during the period.

Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions

The
British Pound (&#147;&#163;&#148;) is the functional currency of DEPT-UK whereas the financial statements are reported in United
States Dollar (&#147;USD
&#148; &#147;$&#148;). Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the balance
sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity
accounts are translated at historical exchange rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are accumulated as a
component of stockholders&#146; equity and other comprehensive income.

Comprehensive
Income (Loss)

The
Company reports comprehensive income (loss) and its components in its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive income
(loss) consists of net loss and foreign currency translation adjustments affecting stockholders&#146; equity that
 under U.S.
GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425
= &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &#163;1.00. As
of August 31
 2016
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.318 = &#163;1.00.

Going
Concern

The
Company has a net loss for the year ended August 31
 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of
$770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
the Company had a stockholders&#146; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further
funding
 these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&#146;s plans
 which include
the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient
to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize
its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements.

There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources
to be used for operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company&#146;s current resources
the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful
in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities
and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.&#160;

Segment
Information

In
accordance with the provisions of ASC 280-10
 &#147;Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information&#148;
the Company is required to report financial and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does
not have any operating segments as of August 31
 2017 and 2016.

Effect
of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

The
Company reviews new accounting standards and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these financial
statements. The accounting pronouncements and updates issued subsequent to the date of these financial statements that were considered
significant by management were evaluated for the potential effect on these financial statements. Management does not believe any
of the subsequent pronouncements will have a material effect on these financial statements as presented and does not anticipate
the need for any future restatement of these financial statements because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements
issued subsequent to August 31
 2017 through the date these financial statements were issued.

In
February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires
the lease rights and obligations arising from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets
and liabilities on the balance sheet. The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early
adoption permitted. While the Company is still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material
effect on the Company&#146;s financial condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities.
The Company expects the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#146;s results of operations
 and the ASU will have no effect
on cash flows.

ASU
2014-09
 Revenue &#150; Revenue from Contracts with Customers. In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires
recognition of revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The FASB has also issued several updates to ASU 2014-09.
The new standard supersedes U.S. GAAP guidance on revenue recognition and requires the use of more estimates and judgments than
the present standards. It also requires additional disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance effective January 1
 2017
by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard as an increase to the opening balance of retained
earnings. We expect this adjustment to be less than $100 million
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing basis.
Adoption of the new standard will also result in changes in classification between Revenues
 Cost of sales
 Non-Financial Services
interest income and other income/(loss)
 net
 and Financial Services other income/(loss)
 net.

In
July 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 &#147;Earnings Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480)
Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&#148; The amendments in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain
equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features) with down round features. When determining whether certain financial
instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity instruments
 a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification
when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to an entity&#146;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure
requirements for equity-classified instruments. As a result
 a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion
option) no longer would be accounted for as a derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round
feature. For freestanding equity classified financial instruments
 the amendments require entities that present earnings per share
(EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated
as a dividend and as a reduction of income available to common shareholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded
conversion options that have down round features are now subject to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion
features (in Subtopic 470-20
 Debt&#151;Debt with Conversion and Other Options)
 including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260).
The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are
presented as pending content in the Codification
 to a scope exception. Those amendments do not have an accounting effect.

Under
current GAAP
 an equity-linked financial instrument with a down round feature that otherwise is not required to be classified
as a liability under the guidance in Topic 480 is evaluated under the guidance in Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging
 to determine
whether it meets the definition of a derivative. If it meets that definition
 the instrument (or embedded feature) is evaluated
to determine whether it is indexed to an entity&#146;s own stock as part of the analysis of whether it qualifies for a scope
exception from derivative accounting. Generally
 for warrants and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are
deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares are readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement
such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition of a derivative)
 the existence of a down round feature results
in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity&#146;s own stock. This results in a reporting entity being required
to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated conversion option as a liability
 which the entity must measure
at fair value initially and at each subsequent reporting date.

The
amendments in this Update revise the guidance for instruments with down round features in Subtopic 815-40
 Derivatives and Hedging&#151;Contracts
in Entity&#146;s Own Equity
 which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument qualifies for a
scope exception from derivative accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would be classified in
equity under the guidance in Subtopic 815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do qualify
freestanding instruments with down round features are no longer classified as liabilities and embedded conversion options with
down round features are no longer bifurcated.

For
entities that present EPS in accordance with Topic 260
 and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding
financial instrument
 the value of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a
numerator adjustment in the basic EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder
of the instrument
 while alleviating the complexity and income statement volatility associated with fair value measurement on
an ongoing basis. Convertible instruments are unaffected by the Topic 260 amendments in this Update.

Those
amendments in Part 1 of this Update are a cost savings relative to current GAAP. This is because
 assuming the required criteria
for equity classification in Subtopic 815-40 are met
 an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument
at fair value at each reporting period (in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case
of convertible instruments) on the basis of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion
options that have down round features
 applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features
rather than bifurcating an embedded derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance
 the issuer recognizes
the intrinsic value of the feature only when the feature becomes beneficial instead of bifurcating the conversion option and measuring
it at fair value each reporting period.

The
amendments in Part II of this Update replace the indefinite deferral of certain guidance in Topic 480 with a scope exception.
This has the benefit of improving the readability of the Codification and reducing the complexity associated with navigating the
guidance in Topic 480.

For
public business entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those
fiscal years
 beginning after December 15
 2018. For all other entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020.
Early adoption is permitted for all entities
 including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments
in an interim period
 any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period.
The amendments in Part 1 of this Update should be applied in either of the following ways: 1. Retrospectively to outstanding financial
instruments with a down round feature by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial position as of
the beginning of the first fiscal year and interim period(s) in which the pending content that links to this paragraph is effective;
or 2. Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature for each prior reporting period presented
in accordance with the guidance on accounting changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5 through 45-10.

The
amendments in Part II of this Update do not require any transition guidance because those amendments do not have an accounting
effect.



































The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Acquisition
of Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited

DOCASA
Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.
 the &#8220;Public Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our&#8221;) entered
into an acquisition agreement (the &#8220;Acquisition Agreement&#8221;) with Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited (the
&#8220;Private Company&#8221;)
 a United Kingdom corporation. Prior to the acquisition
 Pankaj Rajani
 an officer and director
of the Public Company
 through Atlantik
 acquired 115
000
000
 or 75.8% of the outstanding shares of DOCASA
 Inc. (f/k/a FWF Holdings
Inc.)
 the public company. Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 an individual
 and the Private Company&#8217;s chairman (&#8220;Allesch-Taylor
&#8221;
or &#8220;Shareholder&#8221;)
 was the owner of record of 99.8% of the voting shares of the Private Company (the &#8220;Private
Company Stock&#8221;). Pursuant to the Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company Stock was transferred to the Public Company
in consideration of the Public Company issuing Shareholder 170
000
000 shares (the &#8220;New Shares&#8221;) of the Public Company&#8217;s
common stock to the Shareholder (or his designees) in an initial tranche of 110
000
000 shares and a subsequent tranche of 60
000
000
shares. The Public Company issued Shareholder 110
000
000 fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Public Company&#8217;s restricted
common stock at the time of the execution of the Agreement. The Public Company was required to issue a second tranche of 60
000
000
fully paid and nonassessable shares of the Company&#8217;s restricted common stock (the &#8220;Deferred Shares&#8221;) at a time
to be determined by the Public Company&#8217;s Board of Directors
 but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000
shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor leaving 57
064
000 shares as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested
that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. The issuance
of the Deferred Shares is not conditional or contingent on any event or action by any party to the Agreement. As a result of the
Acquisition Agreement
 the Private Company became a subsidiary of the Public Company. See Notes 1
 8
 9 and 10.

Also
in connection with the Acquisition Agreement
 (i) Allesch-Taylor and Gill were appointed to serve on the Public Company&#8217;s
Board of Directors
 serving as Chairman and Vice-Chairman
 respectively; and (ii) Ashley Lopez (&#8220;Lopez&#8221;) was appointed
Chief Executive Officer and President and Kazi Shahid (&#8220;Shahid&#8221;) was appointed Chief Financial Officer. Allesch-Taylor
Gill
 Lopez and Shahid maintained the same positions with DEPT-UK. Subsequently
 Shahid resigned in March 2017 as Chief Financial
Officer of the Public Company and DEPT-UK.

The
transaction was accounted for as a reverse acquisition. As such
 the future period equity amounts will be retro-actively restated
to reflect the equity instruments of the&#160;accounting acquirer.

The
following table summarizes the consideration given for DEPT-UK and the fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the
acquisition date.



Consideration
    given:
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Common
    stock given
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Total
    consideration given
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Fair
    value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed:
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Notes
    payable
    
    
(32
547
    

Accounts
    payable
    
    
(6
043
    

Accrued
    expenses
    
    
(8
500
    

Total
    identifiable net liabilities
    
    
(46
359
    

    
    
    
46
566
    

Total
    consideration
    
    
    
    


The
Company has determined that the goodwill of $46
566 was impaired and expensed it accordingly in the period ended November 30
2016.

Accounting
Treatment of the Merger

For
financial reporting purposes
 the Share Exchange represented a &#8220;reverse merger&#8221; rather than a business combination
and Private Company was deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. The Share Exchange has been accounted for as
a reverse-merger and recapitalization.

Private
Company is deemed to be the acquirer for financial reporting purposes
 and the Public Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
Inc.) is treated as the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities and the operations that are reflected in the
historical financial statements prior to the Share Exchange are those of the Private Company and are recorded at the historical
cost basis of the Private Company
 and the financial statements after completion of the Share Exchange will include the assets
and liabilities of the Public Company and the Private Company
 and the historical operations of Private Company and operations
of both companies from the closing date of the Share Exchange.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







On
August 31
 2017
 the Company determined that the short- and long-term potential for the hot sauce products were not sufficient
to warrant continuing this product line thereby discontinuing all operations in regards to the hot sauce products. The only balance
sheet item related to the hot sauce products was inventory of $731
 which was written off accordingly. Due to immateriality and
no operations in the year ended August 31
 2017
 there is no accounting for discontinued operations required.



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







As
of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has net receivables of $496
822 and $368
807
 respectively. The receivables are as follows:



    
    
August
    31

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Trade
    receivables
    
    
168
121
    
    
    
270
641
    

Loan
    receivable
    
    
328
701
    
    
    
109
755
    

Allowance
    for doubtful accounts
    
    
    
    
    
    
(11
589
    

Receivables
    net
    
    
496
822
    
    
    
368
807
    


The
loan receivable does not have terms
 therefore there is no applicable interest
 it is unsecured
 and no due date.




































The entire disclosure for financing receivables. Examples of financing receivables include
 but are not limited to
 loans
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivable
 credit cards
 and receivables relating to a lessor's right(s) to payment(s) from a lease other than an operating lease that is recognized as assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The
Company has inventory of various items used for the sale of coffee and complementary products. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
the Company had inventory for the coffee related products of $47
477 and $40
323
 respectively. The Company accounts for its inventory
using the lower of cost or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.

As
of August 31
 2017
 the Company had 49 cases containing 12 bottles per case (588 bottles) of hot sauce products. Due to the shelf
life and the lack of sales
 the Company wrote off the inventory of hot sauce products and discontinued this product line (see
Note 3).

The
inventory is as follows:&#160;



    
    
August
    31

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Consumable
    products
    
    
17
894
    
    
    
8
500
    

Food
    and drinks
    
    
24
117
    
    
    
22
858
    

Retail
    products
    
    
5
466
    
    
    
8
965
    

Total
    inventory
    
    
47
477
    
    
    
40
323
    




    
Note:
    The hot sauce products were recorded on the books of DOCASA for the year ended August 31
 2016
 and due to the reverse merger
    with DEPT-UK were not reflected as of August 31
 2016 (since the reverse merge did not occur until September 1
 2016). 




































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The
Company has fixed assets including computer equipment
 office equipment
 site equipment and machinery
 site fit out costs
 site
furniture
 fixtures and fittings. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had total fixed assets of $2
294
264 and $1
126
093
respectively
 with accumulated depreciation of $622
088 and $451
466
 respectively
 for net fixed assets of $1
672
176 and $674
627
respectively. Variances between the two reporting periods are primarily due to the currency translation calculation. The fixed
assets are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
August
    31

    
    
August
    31

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Computer
    equipment
    
    
62
038
    
    
    
36
839
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
038
    
    
    
36
839
    

Office
    equipment
    
    
22
526
    
    
    
22
972
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
526
    
    
    
22
972
    

Site
    equipment and machinery
    
    
366
661
    
    
    
198
532
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
366
661
    
    
    
198
532
    

Site
    fit out costs
    
    
1
588
480
    
    
    
707
678
    
    
    
17
587
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
606
067
    
    
    
707
678
    

Site
    furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
236
384
    
    
    
160
072
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
236
972
    
    
    
160
072
    

Total
    fixed assets
    
    
2
276
089
    
    
    
1
126
093
    
    
    
18
175
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
294
264
    
    
    
1
126
093
    

Less:
    Accumulated depreciation
    
    
622
088
    
    
    
451
466
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
622
088
    
    
    
451
466
    

Fixed
    assets
 net
    
    
1
654
001
    
    
    
674
627
    
    
    
18
175
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
672
176
    
    
    
674
627
    


The
depreciation expense for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $183
374 and $139
837
 respectively. The variance between
the expense and the increase in accumulated depreciation is due to timing of the currency translation calculation.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The
Company has intangible assets related to website development. The amortization of the intangible assets is over a three-year period.
As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company had intangible assets
 net of accumulated amortization
 of $10
134 and $9
065
 respectively.
Variances between the two reporting periods are primarily due to the currency translation calculation. The intangible assets are
as follows:



    
    
August
    31

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Website
    development
    
    
29
428
    
    
    
21
088
    

Total
    intangible assets
    
    
29
428
    
    
    
21
088
    

Less:
    Accumulated amortization
    
    
19
294
    
    
    
12
023
    

Intangible
    assets
 net
    
    
10
134
    
    
    
9
065
    


The
amortization expense for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $7
271 and $9
751
 respectively. The variance between the
expense and the increase in accumulated amortization is due to timing of the currency translation calculation. Amortization
 based
on the currency translation calculation as of the date of this report
 for the next five years
 is as follows:




    
    
    
9
835
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
134
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







On
January 12
 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#8217;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for a 5% ownership of Radio
Station (f/k/a Soho Radio Ltd.) for &#163;5
000 of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. The relationship with Radio Station
will continue to provide the Company with intangible benefits. As the Company had previously impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment
as of August 31
 2015
 the exchange resulted in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously
impaired the investment as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 are still anticipated
to be to the benefit of the Company. See Notes 10 and 11.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The
Company has notes payable as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 are as follows:



Notes
    payable - current

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
106
871
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
871
    
    
    
18
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
368
    

    
    
    
139
419
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
139
419
    
    
    
18
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
368
    




    
The
    balance for August 31
 2016 of $32
548 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company assumed
    this liability as a condition of the reverse merger.




Notes
    payable - non-current

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deij
    Capital Limited
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
39
540
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
39
540
    

    
    
    
302
847
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
302
847
    
    
    
170
257
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
170
257
    

    
    
    
372
926
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
372
926
    
    
    
209
797
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
209
797
    


On
February 1
 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with International Capital Corporation (&#147;ICC&#148;). The loan is
for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&#163;850
000)
to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&#163;542
617) into 542
617
shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
respectively. See Note 10.

On
July 1
 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&#147;Deij Capital&#148;)
 a company in which
Gill is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The note was extended to July 1
 2018. The
imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&#163;100
000) to be drawn down
as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares
of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
 2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&#163;51
500) into 51
500
shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&#163;56
454)
and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively. The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
respectively. See Note 10.

On
July 31
 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.
As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $2
194. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet
due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by
Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
April 30
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory
note due to Nami Shams. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the
principal was $5
067. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company
retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
July 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.
As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $5
065. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet
due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by
Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
October 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
2017. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $15
873. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance
sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired
by Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
January 31
 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of May 31
 2017.
As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the principal was $4
349. The balance for August 31
 2016
 is not reflected on the balance sheet
due to the reverse merger. The Company retained this liability as a condition of the reverse merger. This note was acquired by
Arch Investments
 LLC. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
July 28
 2016
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with HSBC. The loan is a development loan drawn down against development invoices.
The loan is for 4 years
 with an interest rate of 4.5% over the Bank of England base rate. The loan repayment is monthly
 interest-only
payments for the first six months followed by monthly repayments of principal and interest over the remaining forty-two months.
The loan was for $437
992 (&#163;352
500) with an initial $115
767 (&#163;93
178) drawn. The outstanding principal and accrued
interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $409
718 (&#163;317
941) and $170
257 (&#163;129
178)
 respectively. As of August
31
 2017
 the current portion was $106
871 (&#163;82
932) and the non-current portion was $302
847 (&#163;235
009).

As
of August 31
 2016
 the Company had a temporary loan from HSBC in the amount of $18
368. As of August 31
 2017
 the liability
had been paid in full.

On
September 1
 2016
 DOCASA acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note for
$320
000
 which is non-interest bearing and terminates in one year. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
2017. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000 due September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000 due August 31
 2017.
The $20
000 payment was made by a third party and recorded as contributed capital in September 2016. The remaining $300
000 balance
was paid on November 30
 2016
 to Atlantik by Allesch-Taylor. See Notes 1
 2
 5
 6 and 10.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







On
February 1
 2010
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with ICC. The loan is for 7 years
 with no interest. The imputed interest
is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017. The loan was for $1
353
645 (&#163;850
000) to be drawn down as and when required.
On June 30
 2016
 ICC converted the balance due of $719
143 (&#163;542
617) into 542
617 shares of Preference Shares (see Note
11). The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 9.

On
July 1
 2014
 DEPT-UK entered into a business loan with Deij Capital Limited (&#147;Deij Capital&#148;)
 a company in which Gill
is the director and owner. The loan is for 3 years
 with an interest rate of 0%. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as
of May 31
 2017. The facility loan was for $171
437 (&#163;100
000) to be drawn down as and when required. On June 30
 2016
 Deij
Capital converted the balance due of $179
534 (&#163;135
464) into 135
464 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11). On May 31
2017
 Deij Capital converted of the balance due $63
990 (&#163;51
500) into 51
500 shares of Preference Shares (see Note 11).
The outstanding principal as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $70
079 (&#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively.
The accrued interest as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $0 (&#163;0) and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively. See Note 9.

On
July 31
 2014
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $2
194 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.
See Notes 2 and 9.

On
April 30
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
067 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.
On July 20
 2016
 Arch Investments
 LLC acquired this promissory note due to Nami Shams. See Notes 2 and 9.

On
July 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $5
065 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company. The
note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
 2017.
See Notes 2 and 9.

On
October 31
 2015
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $15
873 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
2017. See Notes 2 and 9.

On
January 31
 2016
 DOCASA executed a promissory note for $4
349 with Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of the Company.
The note has no set term of repayment and is non-interest bearing. The imputed interest is deemed immaterial as of August 31
2017. See Notes 2 and 9.

On
June 30
 2016
 Nami Shams
 a former officer and director of DOCASA
 provided DOCASA with a Forgiveness of Debt for $6
302 for
advances made by Nami Shams to the Company.

On
June 30
 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for a payable of $255
450 (&#163;192
745).
See Note 11.

On
July 8
 2016
 the majority shareholder of DOCASA
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8% of the
outstanding shares of the Company at such time to Atlantik for a total purchase price of $200
000. See Notes 2 and 11.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note
for $320
000. The principal is payable in two tranches; $20
000
 which was paid on September 30
 2016
 and the remaining $300
000
due August 29
 2017. See Notes 1
 2
 4
 6 and 10.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 6 and 9) and initially issued 110
000
000 shares of common stock
as part of the acquisition to Stefan Allesch-Taylor
 the Chairman of the Company. On April 6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved
the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor
by August 31
 2017. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the issuance deadline of August 31
 2017
 be extended
to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company. In October 2017
 the Company issued an additional 8
976
875 shares of
common stock to Allesch-Taylor (see Note 17).

On
November 30
 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&#163;10
750). See
Note 11.

On
January 12
 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#146;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &#163;5
000
of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the
exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and will be recorded accordingly. The Company had previously impaired the investment
as the investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 will still be applicable. See Notes 8
and 11.

On
February 28
 2017
 51
500 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $63
990 (&#163;51
500). See
Note 11.

For
the years ended August 31
 2017 and August 31
 2016
 the Company purchased $194
352 (&#163;150
817) and $132
508 (&#163;92
320)
respectively
 of cakes from Dee Light
 a company which Gill
 the vice chairman of the Company
 was a 50% shareholder (until November
2016). As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Dee Light $70
165 (&#163;54
448) and $56
102 (&#163;42
566)
 respectively.

For
the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company made sales or advances of $530
780 (&#163;405
815) and $328
924 (&#163;229
166)
respectively
 to The Roastery Department Ltd. (&#147;The Roastery Department&#148;)
 and made purchases from it of &#163;217
418
and &#163;123
705 for the years ended August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company both
has receivables and payables from The Roastery Department
 which netted as receivables of $1
198
811 (&#163;930
277) and payables
of $452
674 (&#163;351
275)
 respectively. Gill
 the Company&#146;s vice chairman
 and Ashley Lopez (&#147;Lopez&#148;)
 the Company&#146;s
chief executive officer
 were both unpaid directors of The Roastery Department until they resigned on December 1
 2016. The Company
when purchasing products from The Roastery Department
 was provided a discount due to the strategic relationship between the two
parties which provided the Company its purchases at cost. The relationship between The Roastery Department and the Company
 as
stated
 is classified as a barter transaction. Therefore
 the Company expensed the net of the receivable and the payable
 $417
436
(&#163;323
930)
 resulted in an expense of $423
680
 with the variance due to the currency translation. The Company maintains
a receivable for cash advance of $328
703 (&#163;255
072).

As
of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Allesch-Taylor
 the Company&#146;s chairman
 payables of $41
174 (&#163;31
951)
and $0 (&#163;0)
 respectively.

As
of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Lopez
 the Company&#146;s chief executive officer
 payables of $893 (&#163;693)
and $2
985 (&#163;2
265)
 respectively.

As
of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 a company in which Gill
 the deputy chairman of the Company
 is the
director and owner
 notes payable of $70
079 (&#163;56
454) and $39
540 (&#163;30
000)
 respectively. As of August 31
 2017
 and
2016
 the Company owed Deij Capital
 accounts payable of $12
045 (&#163;9
347) and $5
390 (&#163;3
500)
 respectively.

On
November 30
 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&#146;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory
note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 11). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company agreed to issue Allesch-Taylor
300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. As of that date
 the last stock transaction with stock was September
1
 2016
 which valued the common stock at $0.0027 per share
 and the Company therefore believes that the agreed valuation of $1.00
per share was fair and beneficial to the Company. Nevertheless
 this transaction was not necessarily an arm&#146;s length transaction.
As of August 31
 2017
 the stock has not been issued and is recorded as issuable.

The
Company has an employment agreement with Lopez
 our CEO
 and did have a consulting agreement with Clearbrook Capital Partners
LLP (&#147;Clearbrook&#148;)
 an entity where Kazi Shahid
 our former CFO
 was a partner and also served as CFO. Allesch-Taylor
is a director of Clearbrook. The agreement with Clearbrook was terminated on March 15
 2017.

The
above related party transactions are not necessarily considered as arm&#146;s length transactions for all circumstances.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Common
Stock

The
Company was authorized to issue up to 75
000
000 shares of common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. On March 26
 2015
 the Company
increased its authorized common stock to 250
000
000 shares of common stock. Each outstanding share of common stock entitles the
holder to one vote per share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote. All shares of common stock are non-assessable and
non-cumulative
 with no pre-emptive rights.

On
July 8
 2016
 the majority shareholder of the Company
 Nami Shams
 sold 115
000
000 shares of common stock representing 75.8%
of the outstanding shares of the Company for a total purchase price of $200
000. See Notes 2 and 10.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired DEPT-UK (see Notes 2
 5 and 10). As a condition of the acquisition
 110
000
000 shares
of common stock were issued on September 1
 2016. Additionally
 60
000
000 shares of common stock were issuable at the discretion
of the board of directors but no later than August 31
 2017. On April 6
 2017
 2
936
000 shares were issued to Mr. Allesch-Taylor
leaving 57
064
000 as issuable. On June 26
 2017
 Mr. Allesch-Taylor requested that the deadline to issue the shares of August
31
 2017
 be extended to August 31
 2018
 which was agreed to by the Company.

On
September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired the 115
000
000 shares of common stock from Atlantik in exchange for a promissory note
for $320
000. The acquired shares were cancelled on September 1
 2016. See Notes 1
 2
 5 and 10.

On
November 30
 2016
 Allesch-Taylor individually paid the Company&#8217;s remaining balance of $300
000 in regards to the promissory
note to Atlantik (see Notes 9 and 10). In exchange for the payment on behalf of the Company
 the Company issued Allesch-Taylor
300
000 shares of common stock at a value of $1.00 per share. The last transaction with stock was September 1
 2016
 which valued
the common stock at $0.0027 per share. The Company&#8217;s common stock did not trade during this period therefore the value for
the November 30
 2016 transaction was determined to be multiples higher than the last recorded transaction. The Company believes
that the value is not beneficial to Allesch-Taylor but does not state that this was an arm&#8217;s length transaction. On April
6
 2017
 the Board of Directors approved the issuance of 2
936
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor
 which are part of
the 60
000
000 shares to be issued to Allesch-Taylor by August 31
 2018 (see Notes 1
 5
 6
 9 and 10).

As
of May 31
 2017
 the Company has not granted any stock options and has not recorded any stock-based compensation.

All
references in these financial statements to number of common shares
 price per share and weighted average number of shares outstanding
prior to the 115:1 forward split have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis unless otherwise noted.

Preference
Shares &#8211; DEPT-UK

The
Articles of Association of DEPT-UK
 pursuant to the Companies Act 2006
 authorized DEPT-UK to issue up to 25
000
000 preference
shares
 par value &#163;1.00 per share (such subsidiary preference shares referred to herein as &#8220;Preference Shares&#8221;).
Such Preference Shares have no votes and limited distribution rights. Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act 2006
 DEPT-UK
shall have the right pursuant to Section 687-688 of the Companies Act 2006 to redeem at par the whole or any part of the Preference
Shares at any time or times after the date of issue of the said Preference Shares upon giving to DEPT-UK not less than three months&#8217;
previous notice in writing. The Preference Shares
 at the discretion of the Board of Director of DEPT-UK
 can be purchased at
the value they were issued or can be converted into contributed capital. The Preference Shares are accounted for as minority interest.

On
June 30
 2016
 192
745 Preference Shares were issued to Allesch-Taylor in exchange for payables of $255
450 (&#163;192
745). See
Note 10.

On
June 30
 2016
 542
617 Preference Shares were issued to ICC in exchange for a debt of $719
143 (&#163;542
617). See Note 9.

On
June 30
 2016
 135
464 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital
 a company which is owned and controlled by Gill
 a director
of the Company
 in exchange for a debt of $179
534 (&#163;135
464).

On
November 30
 2016
 10
750 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $13
422 (&#163;10
750). See
Note 10.

On
January 12
 2017
 Allesch-Taylor purchased the Company&#8217;s original investment of &#163;5
000 for Radio Station for &#163;5
000
of his issued preference shares in DEPT-UK. As the Company had impaired &#163;4
000 of the investment as of August 31
 2015
 the
exchange will result in a gain on the transaction and was recorded. The Company had previously impaired the investment as the
investment would only provide intangible benefits
 which
 after this transaction
 will still be applicable. See Notes 8 and 10.

On
January 23
 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 300
000 Preference Shares for $374
479 (&#163;305
032).

On
January 25
 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 5
000 Preference Shares for $6
310 (&#163;5
000).

On
February 28
 2017
 29
250 Preference Shares were issued to Deij Capital in exchange for a debt of $36
300 (&#163;29
250). See
Note 10.

On
May 31
 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 200
000 Preference Shares for $257
997 (&#163;200
000).

On
August 31
 2017
 Borough Capital subscribed to 232
000 Preference Shares for $298
969 (&#163;232
000).

The
dollar amount of Preference Shares
 as recorded
 were reclassified to additional paid-in capital as part of consolidation.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Legal
Matters

From
time to time
 we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business.
As of October 25
 2017
 there were no pending or threatened lawsuits.

Lease
Commitment

We
lease office space in Schaumburg
 Illinois
 pursuant to a lease that is monthly. This facility serves as our corporate office.

Future
minimum lease payments under leases due to the acquisition of DEPT-UK (see Note 2) and the expansion in the US
 are as follows:



    
    
    
775
726
    

    
    
    
775
490
    

    
    
    
778
760
    

    
    
    
746
502
    

    
    
    
532
555
    

    
    
    
1
241
852
    

    
    
    
4
850
885
    


&#160;Note:
The above table will change in each future filing due to currency translation as applicable.

As
a result of the acquisition on September 1
 2016 (see Note 10)
 for DEPT-UK
 16 leases
 of which one is for the UK administrative
office
 and 15 operational leases. The Company has one lease in the United States for DEPT-IL. The Company also has one coffee
shop under construction in the US
 which is under lease
 and opened in October 2017. Various leases have break out dates prior
to expiration. See Notes 2 and 10.

The
Company entered into six leases during the year ended August 31
 2017.

The
Company is a primary leaseholder on one lease which it has subleased to the Roastery and is responsible for the payments. The
Company is responsible for annual payments of approximately &#163;19
500 for an undefined period of time.

Rent
expense for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 was $463
655 and $418
193
 respectively.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







For
the fiscal year 2017 and 2016
 there was no provision for income taxes and deferred tax assets have been entirely offset by valuation
allowances.

As
of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 the Company has United States net operating loss carry forwards of $88
646 and $0
 respectively.
The carry forwards expire through the year 2036. The Company&#146;s net operating loss carry forwards may be subject to annual
limitations
 which could reduce or defer the utilization of the losses as a result of an ownership change as defined in Section
382 of the Internal Revenue Code. The United Kingdom does not recognize net operating loss carry forwards.

The
Company&#8217;s tax expense differs from the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying
the United States Federal tax rate of 34% to loss before taxes)
 as follows:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Tax
    expense (benefit) at the statutory rate
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(45
553
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(367
468
    
    
    
9
291
    

State
    income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
(3
606
    
    
    
    
    

Non-deductible
    items
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
832
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
367
468
    
    
    
(9
291
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
    
    
33
327
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
tax effects of the temporary differences between reportable financial statement income and taxable income are recognized as deferred
tax assets and liabilities.

The
tax effect of significant components of the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities at August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
are as follows:



    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred
    tax assets:
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryforward
    
    
30
140
    
    
    
    
    

Less:
    Deferred tax asset valuation allowance
    
    
(30
140
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total
    net deferred taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


In
assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion
or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the
generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers
the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this
assessment.

Because
of the historical earnings history of the Company
 the net deferred tax assets for 2017 were fully offset by a 100% valuation
allowance. The valuation allowance for the remaining net deferred tax assets was $30
140 and $0 as of August 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Concentration
of Credit Risk

Financial
instruments
 which potentially subject the Company to a concentration of credit risk
 consist principally of temporary cash investments.

The
Company places its temporary cash investments with financial institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) for the United States and the Financial Services Compensation Scheme (&#8220;FSCS&#8221;) for the United
Kingdom. No amounts exceeded federally insured limits as of August 31
 2017. There have been no losses in these accounts through
August 31
 2017.

Concentration
of Customer

The
Company has one customer
 which
 for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 had sales of $557
416 (&#163;426
180
 13.3% of
total revenue) and $451
261 (&#163;372
678
 16.7% of total revenue)
 respectively. The Company has a contract with the customer
that expires in February 2020.

Concentration
of Supplier

The
Company relies on several suppliers for coffee
 none of which are irreplaceable. The Company relies on one company to provide
roasting services
 which could be replaced without any negative long-term effects on the Company.

Concentration
of Lender

The
Company has two lenders
 one a third-party and the other a related party
 for its notes payable.

Concentration
of Intellectual Property

The
Company
 after the acquisition of DEPT-UK
 owns or has filed for the trademarks &#8220;Department of Coffee and Social Affairs
&#8221;
&#8220;Coffeesmiths
&#8221; and &#8220;Elixir Espresso
&#8221; as filed with in Great Britain and Northern Ireland with the Trade
Marks Registry
 the European Union with the Intellectual Property Office
 and the United States with the Patent and Trademark
Office.



































The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible
 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Selected
financial information for the Company&#8217;s operating revenue classes for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 are as follows:



    
    
For
    the year ended
    
    
For
    the year ended
    

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

Coffee
    and complementary food products
    
    
3
669
307
    
    
    
2
805
418
    
    
    
3
409
213
    
    
    
2
375
245
    

Coffee
    school 
    
    
12
425
    
    
    
9
500
    
    
    
20
357
    
    
    
14
183
    

Management
    fees
    
    
498
751
    
    
    
381
327
    
    
    
439
947
    
    
    
306
517
    

Hot
    sauce (a)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
180
483
    
    
    
3
196
245
    
    
    
3
869
517
    
    
    
2
695
945
    


(a)
For the year ended August 31
 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&#160;&#160;



Direct costs
    of revenue:
    
For
    the year ended
    
    
For
    the year ended
    

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

Coffee
    and complementary food products
    
    
3
479
372
    
    
    
2
660
202
    
    
    
2
316
912
    
    
    
1
619
427
    

Coffee
    school 
    
    
1
319
    
    
    
1
008
    
    
    
2
061
    
    
    
1
388
    

Management
    fees
    
    
152
900
    
    
    
116
902
    
    
    
139
268
    
    
    
93
781
    

Hot
    sauce (a)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
633
591
    
    
    
2
778
112
    
    
    
2
458
240
    
    
    
1
714
595
    


(a) For the year ended August 31
2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&#160;












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017








DEPT-UK
has a minority interest of 0.2%. For the year ended August 31
 2017
 the Company had a minority interest of $1
230. For the year
ended August 31
 2016
 the Company had a minority interest of $55
 which was not material therefore not recorded.




































The entire disclosure for noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries
 which could include the name of the subsidiary
 the ownership percentage held by the parent
 the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately)
 an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary
 the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately)
 the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock
 a description of the preferred stock
 and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The
Company leases various assets under capital lease. As of August 31
 2017
 and 2016
 capital lease obligations consisted of the
following:



    
    
    
    

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Computer
    equipment
    
    
57
128
    
    
    
36
839
    

Office
    equipment
    
    
20
420
    
    
    
22
972
    

Site
    equipment and machinery
    
    
355
914
    
    
    
198
532
    

Site
    furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
233
669
    
    
    
160
072
    

Total
    fixed assets
    
    
667
131
    
    
    
418
415
    

Less:
    Accumulated depreciation
    
    
240
246
    
    
    
180
874
    

Fixed
    assets
 net
    
    
426
885
    
    
    
237
541
    


Aggregate
future minimum rentals under capital leases are as follows:



Year
    ended August 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
116
146
    

    
    
    
88
906
    

    
    
    
65
083
    

    
    
    
50
564
    

    
    
    
13
543
    

    
    
    
334
242
    

Less:
    Interest
    
    
15
157
    

Present
    value of minimum lease payments
    
    
319
085
    

Less:
    Current portion of capital lease obligations
    
    
116
146
    

Capital
    lease obligations
 net of current portion
    
    
202
939
    


Note:
The above schedule reflects only items that have payments associated with them.



































The entire disclosure for debt and capital lease obligations can be reported. Information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. Also includes descriptions and amounts of capital leasing arrangements that consist of direct financing
 sales type and leveraged leases. Disclosure may include the effect on the balance sheet and the income statement resulting from a change in lease classification for leases that at inception would have been classified differently had guidance been in effect at the inception of the original lease.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017








The
Company has evaluated subsequent events through the date the financial statements were issued and filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. The Company has determined that there are no other such events that warrant disclosure or recognition in
the financial statements
 except as stated herein.

On
October 4
 2017
 the Company opened its first coffee shop location in the United States
 in Chicago
 Illinois.

On
October 6
 2017
 the Company issued 8
976
875 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor
in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the original 60
000
000 shares issuable
 48
087
125
remain issuable by no later than August 31
 2018.

On October
30
 2017
 the Company issued 1
000
000 shares of common stock to Allesch-Taylor as part of the common stock owed to Allesch-Taylor
in regards to the acquisition (see Notes 2
 5
 10 and 11). After this issuance
 of the second tranche of 60
000
000 shares issuable
to Allesch-Taylor pursuant to the acquisition terms
 47
087
125 remain issuable to him by no later than August 31
 2018.




































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







DOCASA
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221;
&#8220;us
&#8221; &#8220;our
&#8221; or &#8220;DOCASA&#8221;) was incorporated in the State of Nevada on July 22
 2014
 under the
name of FWF Holdings
 Inc. The Company changed its name on August 4
 2016. The Company was originally engaged in the business of
commercial production and distribution of hot sauce (see Note 3). On August 4
 2016
 the Company changed its year end from July
31 to August 31.


 2016
 the Company experienced a
change in control. Atlantik LP (&#8220;Atlantik&#8221;)
 a related party
 acquired a majority of the issued and outstanding common
stock of the Company in accordance with a stock purchase agreement by and between Atlantik and Nami Shams (the &#8220;Seller&#8221;).
On the closing date
 July 8
 2016
 pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement
 Atlantik purchased from the Seller 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s outstanding restricted common stock for $200
000
 representing 75.8% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding
common stock at that time.


 2016
 the Company acquired
99.8% of the voting stock of the Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 a United Kingdom corporation (the &#8220;DEPT-UK&#8221;)
and the Company agreed to issue DEPT-UK&#8217;s majority shareholder 170
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock&#8212;110
000
000
shares initially and 60
000
000 shares at a time determined by the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors but no later than August
31
 2017
 which deadline was subsequently extended to August 31
 2018. Also on September 1
 2016
 the Company acquired 115
000
000
shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock from Atlantik in exchange for issuing Atlantik a promissory note for $320
000
 which
shares were then cancelled and which note has since been paid in full. As a result of the acquisition and the issuance of the initial
110
000
000 shares of common stock
 and the cancellation of the 115
000
000 Atlantik shares
 DEPT-UK is now the majority-owned
subsidiary of the Company
 and the Company experienced a change of control.


 Department
of Coffee and Internal Affairs Limited (&#8220;DCIA&#8221;)
 on September 11
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for
England and Wales. As of August 31
 2017
 DCIA has had no operations or activity.


 The
Department of Coffee and Social Affairs Limited
 on November 9
 2014
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England and
Wales. On February 28
 2014
 the name was changed to DOCASA Limited. On May 1
 2015
 the name was changed to Eat Sleep Juice Repeat
Limited. As of January 18
 2017
 this subsidiary
 with no operations or activity
 was sold for &#163;1.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs IL
 Inc. (&#8220;DEPT-IL&#8221;)
 an Illinois corporation.


 2017
 the Company formed Department
of Coffee and Social Affairs White Space Limited (&#8220;DEPT-UKWS&#8221;)
 as filed with the Registrar of Companies for England
and Wales. DEPT-UKWS is a subsidiary of DEPT-UK.


 the acquisition
of DEPT-UK and the change of control in connection with acquisition represented a &#34;reverse merger&#34; rather than a business
combination
 and DEPT-UK is deemed to be the accounting acquirer in the transaction. For the periods subsequent to August 31
2016
 the acquisition is being accounted for as a reverse-merger and recapitalization. DEPT-UK is the acquirer for financial reporting
purposes
 and the Company (DOCASA
 Inc.
 f/k/a FWF Holdings
 Inc.) is the acquired company. Consequently
 the assets and liabilities
and the operations that are reflected in the historical financial statements prior to the acquisition are those of DEPT-UK and
have been recorded at the historical cost basis of DEPT-UK
 and the financial statements after completion of the acquisition include
the assets and liabilities of both the Company and DEPT-UK
 and the historical operations of DEPT-UK prior to closing and operations
of both companies from the closing of the acquisition.




We are currently devoting our efforts to the
specialty coffee industry
 specifically with company-operated stores. The Company will generate revenue through sales at fifteen
existing company-operated coffee shop locations in the UK
 with seven more locations under construction. The Company is expanding
its operations to the United States and is opening its first coffee shop in Chicago
 Illinois in October 2017. Our objective is
to continue to be recognized as one of the upper tier specialty coffee retail operations. Similar to other leading operators
 we
sell our proprietary coffee and related products
 and complementary food and snacks. The Company
 as of August 31
 2017
 has discontinued
its hot sauce products which had no activity in the year ended August 31
 2017 (see Note 3). Accounting for discontinued operations
not required due to immateriality.




The consolidated financial statements include
the accounts of DOCASA and its subsidiaries
 DEPT-UK
 DCIA
 DEPT-IL and DEPT-UK&#8217;s subsidiary
 DEPT-UKWS. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.




The Company prepares its financial statements
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.




The preparation of financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates in the accompanying financial statements include the amortization period
for intangible assets
 valuation and impairment valuation of intangible assets
 allowance for accounts receivable
 depreciable
lives of the web site
 valuation of warrants and beneficial conversion feature debt discounts
 valuation of derivatives
 and valuation
of share-based payments.




The Company considers all highly liquid investments
with an original maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.




Accounts receivable consisted of amounts due
from customers primarily for management fees. The Company considered accounts more than 30 days old to be past due. The Company
used the allowance method for recognizing bad debts. When an account was deemed uncollectible
 it was written off against the allowance.
The Company generally does not require collateral for its accounts receivable. Management has not recorded an allowance for doubtful
accounts as of August 31
 2017.




Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost
or market and the cost of sales are recorded utilizing the first in first out (&#8220;FIFO&#8221;) method.



Property
 Equipment and Depreciation
Property and equipment is recorded at cost.
Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the related assets of three years
for computer equipment
 five years for office furniture and fixtures
 and the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the
leased equipment. Leasehold improvements
 if any
 would be amortized over the lesser of the lease term or the useful life of the
improvements. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs along with fixed assets below our capitalization threshold are expensed
as incurred.




The Company accounts for long-lived assets
in accordance with the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ASC 360-10
 &#8220;Accounting for the Impairment
or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets&#8221;. This statement requires that long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles be
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to future undiscounted
net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If such assets are considered to be impaired
 the impairment to be recognized
is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed
of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell.




The Company measures its financial assets and
liabilities in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. For certain of our financial instruments
 including cash
accounts payable
 accrued expenses
 and short-term loans the carrying amounts approximate fair value due to their short maturities.


and non-financial assets and liabilities. This standard defines fair value
 provides guidance for measuring fair value and requires
certain disclosures. This standard does not require any new fair value measurements
 but rather applies to all other accounting
pronouncements that require or permit fair value measurements. This guidance does not apply to measurements related to share-based
payments. This guidance discusses valuation techniques
 such as the market approach (comparable market prices)
 the income approach
(present value of future income or cash flow)
 and the cost approach (cost to replace the service capacity of an asset or replacement
cost). The guidance utilizes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value
into three broad levels. The following is a brief description of those three levels:


prices (unadjusted)&#160;in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


that are observable
 either directly or indirectly. These include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets
and quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active.


little or no market data exists
 therefore developed using estimates and assumptions developed by us
 which reflect those that
a market participant would use.




The Company recognizes revenue for our services
in accordance with ASC 605-10
 &#8220;Revenue Recognition in Financial Statements.&#8221; Under these guidelines
 revenue is recognized
on transactions when all of the following exist: persuasive evidence of an arrangement did exist
 delivery of service has occurred
the sales price to the buyer is fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. The Company has three primary revenue
streams as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    





The Company accounts for stock-based instruments
issued to employees in accordance with ASC Topic 718. ASC Topic 718 requires companies to recognize in the statement of operations
the grant-date fair value of stock options and other equity based compensation issued to employees. The value of the portion of
an award that is ultimately expected to vest is recognized as an expense over the requisite service periods using the straight-line
attribution method. The Company accounts for non-employee share-based awards in accordance with the measurement and recognition
provisions ASC Topic 505-50. The Company estimates the fair value of stock options at the grant date by using the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model.




Advertising is expensed as incurred and is
included in loss from operations on the accompanying statement of operations. For the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016 advertising
expense was $39
628 and $27
395
 respectively.




The Company adopted the provisions of ASC 740-10
&#8220;Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions.&#8221; When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions
taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of
the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of
appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax
positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits
in the accompanying balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities
upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions are all highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the
Company has not recorded a liability for unrecognized tax benefits. As of August 31
 2017
 tax years 2014 &#8211; 2017 remain open
for IRS audit and tax years 2015&#8211;2017 remain open for HM Revenue &#38; Customs (&#8220;HMRC&#8221;) audit. The Company has
received no notice of audit from the IRS or HMRC for any of the open tax years.


Definition
of Settlement in FASB Interpretation No. 48
&#8221; (&#8220;ASC 740-10&#8221;)
 which was issued on May 2
 2007. ASC 740-10 amends
FIN 48 to provide guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing
previously unrecognized tax benefits. The term &#8220;effectively settled&#8221; replaces the term &#8220;ultimately settled&#8221;
when used to describe recognition
 and the terms &#8220;settlement&#8221; or &#8220;settled&#8221; replace the terms &#8220;ultimate
settlement&#8221; or &#8220;ultimately settled&#8221; when used to describe measurement of a tax position under ASC 740-10. ASC
740-10 clarifies that a tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without
being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax
benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical
merits and the statute of limitations remains open. The adoption of ASC 740-10 did not have an impact on the accompanying financial
statements.




In accordance with ASC 260-10
 &#8220;Earnings
Per Share
&#8221; basic net earnings (loss) per common share is computed by dividing the net earnings (loss) for the period by
the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings (loss) per share are computed using
the weighted average number of common and dilutive common stock equivalent shares outstanding during the period.




The British Pound (&#8220;&#163;&#8221;) is
the functional currency of DEPT-UK whereas the financial statements are reported in United States Dollar (&#8220;USD
&#8221; &#8220;$&#8221;).
Assets and liabilities are translated based on the exchange rates at the balance sheet date
 while revenue and expense accounts
are translated at the average exchange rates prevailing during the period. Equity accounts are translated at historical exchange
rates. The resulting translation gain and loss adjustments are accumulated as a component of stockholders&#8217; equity and other
comprehensive income.




The
Company reports comprehensive income (loss) and its components in its consolidated financial statements. Comprehensive income
(loss) consists of net loss and foreign currency translation adjustments affecting stockholders&#146; equity that
 under U.S.
GAAP
 are excluded from net loss. As of August 31
 2017
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425
= &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &#163;1.00. As
of August 31
 2016
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.318 = &#163;1.00.




The
Company has a net loss for the year ended August 31
 2017 of $1
425
846 and a working capital deficit as of August 31
 2017 of
$770
349
 and has used cash in operations of $731
424 for the year ended August 31
 2017. In addition
 as of August 31
 2017
the Company had a stockholders&#146; equity and accumulated deficit of $461
970 and $2
766
367
 respectively. Without further
funding
 these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern.


The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP
 which contemplate continuation
of the Company as a going concern and the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business.
The ability of the Company to continue its operations is dependent on the execution of management&#8217;s plans
 which include
the raising of capital through the debt and/or equity markets
 until such time that funds provided by operations are sufficient
to fund working capital requirements. If the Company were not to continue as a going concern
 it would likely not be able to realize
its assets at values comparable to the carrying value or the fair value estimates reflected in the balances set out in the preparation
of the consolidated financial statements.

There
can be no assurances that the Company will be successful in generating additional cash from the equity/debt markets or other sources
to be used for operations. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
of assets and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary. Based on the Company&#8217;s current resources
the Company will not be able to continue to operate without additional immediate funding. Should the Company not be successful
in obtaining the necessary financing to fund its operations
 the Company would need to curtail certain or all operational activities
and/or contemplate the sale of its assets
 if necessary.&#160;




In accordance with the provisions of ASC 280-10
&#8220;Disclosures about Segments of an Enterprise and Related Information&#8221;
 the Company is required to report financial
and descriptive information about its reportable operating segments. The Company does not have any operating segments as of August
31
 2017 and 2016.




The Company reviews new accounting standards
and updates as issued. No new standards or updates had any material effect on these financial statements. The accounting pronouncements
and updates issued subsequent to the date of these financial statements that were considered significant by management were evaluated
for the potential effect on these financial statements. Management does not believe any of the subsequent pronouncements will have
a material effect on these financial statements as presented and does not anticipate the need for any future restatement of these
financial statements because of the retro-active application of any accounting pronouncements issued subsequent to August 31
 2017
through the date these financial statements were issued.


 the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued an ASU on lease accounting. The ASU requires the lease rights and obligations arising
from lease contracts
 including existing and new arrangements
 to be recognized as assets and liabilities on the balance sheet.
The ASU is effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2018 with early adoption permitted. While the Company is
still evaluating the ASU
 the Company expects the adoption of the ASU to have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s financial
condition due to the recognition of the lease rights and obligations as assets and liabilities. The Company expects the ASU to
have a material effect on the Company&#8217;s results of operations
 and the ASU will have no effect on cash flows.


 Revenue &#8211; Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. In May 2014
 the FASB issued a new accounting standard that requires recognition of revenue to depict the transfer
of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange
for those goods or services. The FASB has also issued several updates to ASU 2014-09. The new standard supersedes U.S. GAAP guidance
on revenue recognition and requires the use of more estimates and judgments than the present standards. It also requires additional
disclosures. We will adopt the new revenue guidance effective January 1
 2017
 by recognizing the cumulative effect of initially
applying the new standard as an increase to the opening balance of retained earnings. We expect this adjustment to be less than
$100 million
 with an immaterial impact to our net income on an ongoing basis. Adoption of the new standard will also result in
changes in classification between Revenues
 Cost of sales
 Non-Financial Services interest income and other income/(loss)
 net
and Financial Services other income/(loss)
 net.


 the FASB issued ASU 2017-11 &#8220;Earnings
Per Share (Topic 260) Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (Topic 480) Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815).&#8221; The amendments
in Part I of this Update change the classification analysis of certain equity-linked financial instruments (or embedded features)
with down round features. When determining whether certain financial instruments should be classified as liabilities or equity
instruments
 a down round feature no longer precludes equity classification when assessing whether the instrument is indexed to
an entity&#8217;s own stock. The amendments also clarify existing disclosure requirements for equity-classified instruments. As
a result
 a freestanding equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded conversion option) no longer would be accounted for as
a derivative liability at fair value as a result of the existence of a down round feature. For freestanding equity classified financial
instruments
 the amendments require entities that present earnings per share (EPS) in accordance with Topic 260 to recognize the
effect of the down round feature when it is triggered. That effect is treated as a dividend and as a reduction of income available
to common shareholders in basic EPS. Convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features are
now subject to the specialized guidance for contingent beneficial conversion features (in Subtopic 470-20
 Debt&#8212;Debt with
Conversion and Other Options)
 including related EPS guidance (in Topic 260). The amendments in Part II of this Update recharacterize
the indefinite deferral of certain provisions of Topic 480 that now are presented as pending content in the Codification
 to a
scope exception. Those amendments do not have an accounting effect.


 an equity-linked financial
instrument with a down round feature that otherwise is not required to be classified as a liability under the guidance in Topic
480 is evaluated under the guidance in Topic 815
 Derivatives and Hedging
 to determine whether it meets the definition of a derivative.
If it meets that definition
 the instrument (or embedded feature) is evaluated to determine whether it is indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock as part of the analysis of whether it qualifies for a scope exception from derivative accounting. Generally
 for warrants
and conversion options embedded in financial instruments that are deemed to have a debt host (assuming the underlying shares are
readily convertible to cash or the contract provides for net settlement such that the embedded conversion option meets the definition
of a derivative)
 the existence of a down round feature results in an instrument not being considered indexed to an entity&#8217;s
own stock. This results in a reporting entity being required to classify the freestanding financial instrument or the bifurcated
conversion option as a liability
 which the entity must measure at fair value initially and at each subsequent reporting date.


for instruments with down round features in Subtopic 815-40
 Derivatives and Hedging&#8212;Contracts in Entity&#8217;s Own Equity
which is considered in determining whether an equity-linked financial instrument qualifies for a scope exception from derivative
accounting. An entity still is required to determine whether instruments would be classified in equity under the guidance in Subtopic
815-40 in determining whether they qualify for that scope exception. If they do qualify
 freestanding instruments with down round
features are no longer classified as liabilities and embedded conversion options with down round features are no longer bifurcated.


with Topic 260
 and when the down round feature is included in an equity-classified freestanding financial instrument
 the value
of the effect of the down round feature is treated as a dividend when it is triggered and as a numerator adjustment in the basic
EPS calculation. This reflects the occurrence of an economic transfer of value to the holder of the instrument
 while alleviating
the complexity and income statement volatility associated with fair value measurement on an ongoing basis. Convertible instruments
are unaffected by the Topic 260 amendments in this Update.


a cost savings relative to current GAAP. This is because
 assuming the required criteria for equity classification in Subtopic
815-40 are met
 an entity that issued such an instrument no longer measures the instrument at fair value at each reporting period
(in the case of warrants) or separately accounts for a bifurcated derivative (in the case of convertible instruments) on the basis
of the existence of a down round feature. For convertible instruments with embedded conversion options that have down round features
applying specialized guidance such as the model for contingent beneficial conversion features rather than bifurcating an embedded
derivative also reduces cost and complexity. Under that specialized guidance
 the issuer recognizes the intrinsic value of the
feature only when the feature becomes beneficial instead of bifurcating the conversion option and measuring it at fair value each
reporting period.


the indefinite deferral of certain guidance in Topic 480 with a scope exception. This has the benefit of improving the readability
of the Codification and reducing the complexity associated with navigating the guidance in Topic 480.


 the amendments
in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years
 and interim periods within those fiscal years
 beginning after December
15
 2018. For all other entities
 the amendments in Part I of this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December
15
 2019
 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. Early adoption is permitted for all entities
including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period
 any adjustments should
be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The amendments in Part 1 of this Update
should be applied in either of the following ways: 1. Retrospectively to outstanding financial instruments with a down round feature
by means of a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial position as of the beginning of the first fiscal year
and interim period(s) in which the pending content that links to this paragraph is effective; or 2. Retrospectively to outstanding
financial instruments with a down round feature for each prior reporting period presented in accordance with the guidance on accounting
changes in paragraphs 250-10-45-5 through 45-10.


not require any transition guidance because those amendments do not have an accounting effect.























































































































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























The entire disclosure when substantial doubt is raised about the ability to continue as a going concern. Includes
 but is not limited to
 principal conditions or events that raised substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern
 management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions or events in relation to the ability to meet its obligations
 and management's plans that alleviated or are intended to mitigate the conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The following table summarizes the consideration
given for DEPT-UK and the fair values of the assets and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(32
547
    

    
    
    
(6
043
    

    
    
    
(8
500
    

    
    
    
(46
359
    

    
    
    
46
566
    

    
    
    
    
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017











    
    
August 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
168
121
    
    
    
270
641
    

    
    
    
328
701
    
    
    
109
755
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(11
589
    

Receivables
 net
    
    
496
822
    
    
    
368
807
    













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017











    
    
August 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
17
894
    
    
    
8
500
    

    
    
    
24
117
    
    
    
22
858
    

    
    
    
5
466
    
    
    
8
965
    

    
    
    
47
477
    
    
    
40
323
    




































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017











    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
August 31

    
    
August 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
62
038
    
    
    
36
839
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
62
038
    
    
    
36
839
    

    
    
    
22
526
    
    
    
22
972
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
526
    
    
    
22
972
    

    
    
    
366
661
    
    
    
198
532
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
366
661
    
    
    
198
532
    

    
    
    
1
588
480
    
    
    
707
678
    
    
    
17
587
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
606
067
    
    
    
707
678
    

Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
236
384
    
    
    
160
072
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
236
972
    
    
    
160
072
    

    
    
    
2
276
089
    
    
    
1
126
093
    
    
    
18
175
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
294
264
    
    
    
1
126
093
    

    
    
    
622
088
    
    
    
451
466
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
622
088
    
    
    
451
466
    

Fixed assets
 net
    
    
1
654
001
    
    
    
674
627
    
    
    
18
175
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
672
176
    
    
    
674
627
    





































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017











    
    
August 31

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
428
    
    
    
21
088
    

    
    
    
29
428
    
    
    
21
088
    

    
    
    
19
294
    
    
    
12
023
    

Intangible assets
 net
    
    
10
134
    
    
    
9
065
    





Amortization
 based on the currency translation
calculation as of the date of this report
 for the next five years
 is as follows:




    
    
    
9
835
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
10
134
    











































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017








The
Company has notes payable as of August 31
 2017 and 2016 are as follows:



Notes
    payable - current

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
194
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
067
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
15
873
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Arch
    Investments (1)
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
349
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
106
871
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
871
    
    
    
18
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
368
    

    
    
    
139
419
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
139
419
    
    
    
18
368
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
368
    




    
The
    balance for August 31
 2016 of $32
548 is not reflected on the balance sheet due to the reverse merger. The Company assumed
    this liability as a condition of the reverse merger.




Notes
    payable - non-current

    
    
August
    31
 2017
    
    
August
    31
 2016
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deij
    Capital Limited
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
70
079
    
    
    
39
540
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
39
540
    

    
    
    
302
847
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
302
847
    
    
    
170
257
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
170
257
    

    
    
    
372
926
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
372
926
    
    
    
209
797
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
209
797
    














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Future minimum lease payments under leases
due to the acquisition of DEPT-UK (see Note 2) and the expansion in the US
 are as follows:



    
    
    
775
726
    

    
    
    
775
490
    

    
    
    
778
760
    

    
    
    
746
502
    

    
    
    
532
555
    

    
    
    
1
241
852
    

    
    
    
4
850
885
    















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







The Company&#8217;s tax expense differs from
the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for Federal income tax purposes (computed by applying the United States Federal tax rate
of 34% to loss before taxes)
 as follows:



    
    
    
    

    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(45
553
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(367
468
    
    
    
9
291
    

State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit
    
    
(3
606
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
832
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
367
468
    
    
    
(9
291
    

    
    
    
33
327
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





The tax effect of significant components of
the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities at August 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 are as follows:



    
    
August 31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
30
140
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(30
140
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




































Tabular disclosure of the federal tax basis of investment holdings.  This item captures the aggregate cost of securities
 aggregate gross unrealized appreciation for all securities in which there is an excess of value over tax cost
 aggregate gross unrealized depreciation for all securities in which there is an excess of tax cost over value
 net unrealized appreciation (depreciation)
 and an explanation of the differences between tax and book.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017







Selected financial information for the Company&#8217;s
operating revenue classes for the years ended August 31
 2017 and 2016
 are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
August 31
 2017
    
    
August 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
3
669
307
    
    
    
2
805
418
    
    
    
3
409
213
    
    
    
2
375
245
    

    
    
    
12
425
    
    
    
9
500
    
    
    
20
357
    
    
    
14
183
    

    
    
    
498
751
    
    
    
381
327
    
    
    
439
947
    
    
    
306
517
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
180
483
    
    
    
3
196
245
    
    
    
3
869
517
    
    
    
2
695
945
    



 2016
 due
to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&#160;&#160;



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
August 31
 2017
    
    
August 31
 2016
    

    
    
    
3
479
372
    
    
    
2
660
202
    
    
    
2
316
912
    
    
    
1
619
427
    

    
    
    
1
319
    
    
    
1
008
    
    
    
2
061
    
    
    
1
388
    

    
    
    
152
900
    
    
    
116
902
    
    
    
139
268
    
    
    
93
781
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
633
591
    
    
    
2
778
112
    
    
    
2
458
240
    
    
    
1
714
595
    



 2016
 due
to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016
 are not reflective on this table.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Aug. 31
 2017









    
    
    
    

    
    
August
    31

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Computer
    equipment
    
    
57
128
    
    
    
36
839
    

Office
    equipment
    
    
20
420
    
    
    
22
972
    

Site
    equipment and machinery
    
    
355
914
    
    
    
198
532
    

Site
    furniture
 fixtures and fittings
    
    
233
669
    
    
    
160
072
    

Total
    fixed assets
    
    
667
131
    
    
    
418
415
    

Less:
    Accumulated depreciation
    
    
240
246
    
    
    
180
874
    

Fixed
    assets
 net
    
    
426
885
    
    
    
237
541
    






Aggregate
future minimum rentals under capital leases are as follows:



Year
    ended August 31

    
    
    

    
    
    
116
146
    

    
    
    
88
906
    

    
    
    
65
083
    

    
    
    
50
564
    

    
    
    
13
543
    

    
    
    
334
242
    

Less:
    Interest
    
    
15
157
    

Present
    value of minimum lease payments
    
    
319
085
    

Less:
    Current portion of capital lease obligations
    
    
116
146
    

Capital
    lease obligations
 net of current portion
    
    
202
939
    

































































Tabular disclosure of future minimum lease payments as of the date of the latest balance sheet presented
 in aggregate and for each of the five years succeeding fiscal years
 with separate deductions from the total for the amount representing executor costs
 including any profit thereon
 included in the minimum lease payments and for the amount of the imputed interest necessary to reduce the net minimum lease payments to present value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016
Jul. 08
 2016
Aug. 31
 2015















  2014









Restricted common stock
 shares





000
000





Restricted common stock
 value





000


















628


395









the
exchange rate between U.S. Dollars and British Pounds was US$1.2886604425 = &#163;1.00
 and the weighted average exchange rate
for the year ended August 31
 2017 was US$1.3079355980 = &#163;1.00. As of August 31
 2016
 the exchange rate between U.S. Dollars
and British Pounds was US$1.318 = &#163;1.00.












425
846)


325









349)











766
367)


340
521)









970


063




175)





424


902



















































Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]












000











000
000









Allesch-Taylor [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]










Restricted common stock
 shares

000
000









Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired












000
000











000
000









Coffee and Social Affairs Limited [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]










Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired









































































































































































































































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.






















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








































547)





043)





500)





359)





566





































































Discount on common shares
 or any unamortized balance thereof
 shown separately as a deduction from the applicable account(s) as circumstances require.












































































































































































Fair value portion of inventory expected to be realized or consumed after one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term notes classified as other
 payable within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016
Jul. 08
 2016




566







Restricted common stock
 shares





000
000



Restricted common stock
 value





000












Allesch-Taylor [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]








Restricted common stock
 shares

000
000







Business Acquisition
 Percentage of Voting Interests Acquired










000
000









000
000







Allesch-Taylor [Member] | April 6
 2017 [Member]










936
000









064
000

















































































































































































































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




477


323





















Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











121


641





701


755







589)



Receivables
 net

822


807



































The aggregate of amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer)
 for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business and an amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date within one year of the balance sheet
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection and net of any write-downs taken for collection uncertainty on the part of the holder
 respectively.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)



























Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount after allowance and deduction of deferred interest and fees
 unamortized costs and premiums and discounts from face amounts
 of loans and leases held in portfolio
 including but not limited to
 commercial and consumer loans. Includes loans held for sale. Excludes loans and leases covered under loss sharing agreements.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016









Receivables
 net

822


807



































The aggregate of amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer)
 for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business and an amount representing an agreement for an unconditional promise by the maker to pay the entity (holder) a definite sum of money at a future date within one year of the balance sheet
 reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection and net of any write-downs taken for collection uncertainty on the part of the holder
 respectively.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




477


323












894


500












117


858












466


965







Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















477


323


























477


323































































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




294
264


126
093





088


466



Fixed assets
 net

672
176


627












276
089


126
093





088


466



Fixed assets
 net

654
001


627












175












Fixed assets
 net

175














038


839












038


839


























526


972












526


972


























661


532












661


532


























606
067


678












588
480


678












587





Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings [Member]








972


072



Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings [Member] | DEPT-UK [Member]








384


072



Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings [Member] | DEPT-IL [Member]

















Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











294
264


126
093





088


466



Fixed assets
 net

672
176


627





374


837



































Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




428


088





294


023



Intangible assets
 net

134


065












428


088







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















835

























134



































Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016









Intangible assets
 net

134


065





271


751































































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















































000





289


000


318








































































































Amount of investments
 and noncurrent assets classified as other.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016













194
















194
















067
















067
















065
















065
















873
















873
















349
















349
















871


368














871


368














419


368














419


368






 2016 of $32








































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











079


540












079


540












847


257












874


257












926


797












926


797




























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Jul. 01
 2014
Feb. 01
 2010
Jul. 28
 2016
Aug. 31
 2017
May 31
 2017
Jan. 31
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Sep. 30
 2016
Aug. 31
 2016
Jun. 30
 2016
Jan. 31
 2016
Oct. 31
 2015
Jul. 31
 2015
Apr. 30
 2015
Jul. 31
 2014










561










226























419










368























926










797


















































437































Debt Instrument
 Term










































990




422






534























500




750






464






















































079










540
















































Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]








































000
000














































































450

































745













Atlantik [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]








































000

































000
000


































































000










































































000
















































































194











194










194






















































992



























Debt Instrument
 Term









































































718










257





















767













































368























871

































847






































































349










349



















349










349








































































873

















873










873










































































065















065










065












































































067













067










067




















































353
645





























Debt Instrument
 Term




















































143

































617






















































































































































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of outstanding long-term debt or borrowing associated with any securities or credit agreement for which there has been a default in principal
 interest
 sinking fund
 or redemption provisions
 or any breach of covenant that existed at the end of the period and subsequently has not been cured.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer)
 excluding current portion.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)












































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



































































































































































561




226







































Common stock
 shares issued | shares





036
000











































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






















































































000

















289




318














000































642




101













































680

















































436

















































703


































































































969








997






310


479

































000








000






000


000





















































000























Common stock
 shares issued | shares

























000























Common stock
 par value | $ / shares







































































































780




924







































Purchases of cakes
 value | &#163;







418




705




































































































































194









194




194







































































302















































000

















































000
000





















































































































































450

















































745






























































































000












































































000














































































































349
















349





















349




349




























































































































873



















873




873
































































































































065















065




065


































































































































067













067




067







































Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]






















































000
000

















































000
000











































Sep. 1
 2016 [Member] | Atlantik [Member]






















































000











































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






















































000
000











































Allesch-Taylor [Member] | April 6
 2017 [Member]






















































976
875

















































936
000











































Allesch-Taylor [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]
















































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






















































































































































353
645













































Debt Instrument
 Term
















































































143

















































617



















































































































Purchases of cakes
 value





352




508






























































































165




102


























































































437















































Debt Instrument
 Term






























































990












422






534































500












750






464








































































079




540


























































































437





















































045




390






























































































079




540






























































































198
811




198
811













































674




674


































































































985






























































































174












































































































990

















































500































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Fair value portion of amount due from customers or clients for goods or services
 including trade receivables
 that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 and amounts due from others
 including related parties.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of outstanding long-term debt or borrowing associated with any securities or credit agreement for which there has been a default in principal
 interest
 sinking fund
 or redemption provisions
 or any breach of covenant that existed at the end of the period and subsequently has not been cured.

























































Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).

























































Amount of investments
 and noncurrent assets classified as other.




























Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounts receivable and notes receivable.




























Fair value portion of receivables
 including
 but not limited to
 trade account receivables
 note receivables
 and loan receivables.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.






















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






















































































































Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
















000
000










000
000







Common stock
 par value | $ / shares






























































000
000







Common stock
 shares issued

036
000

































Restricted common stock
 shares





















000
000













Restricted common stock
 value | $





















000
















































Preference shares
 shares authorized

000
000
















000
000

















Preference shares
 par value | &#163; / shares




































289












000




318











































000









Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]




































000
000



































000
000

































Sep. 1
 2016 [Member] | Allesch-Taylor [Member]


































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares


































Restricted common stock
 shares

000
000



































000
000

































April 6
 2017 [Member] | Allesch-Taylor [Member]




































976
875



































936
000



































064
000



































936
000


































































































437











990










422








534

















500










750








464






















































300



































250






























































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares


































Stockholders' Equity Note
 Stock Split
Weighted average
number of shares outstanding prior to the 115:1 forward split have been adjusted to reflect the stock split on a retroactive basis
unless otherwise noted

















































000



















Common stock
 shares issued















000





















969




997




310


479

























000




000




000


000

























000
000




































































































353
645



























143



































617






































































450



































745











Atlantik [Member] | Sep. 1
 2016 [Member]




































000



































000
000

































Common stock
 par value | $ / shares









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































Amount of investments
 and noncurrent assets classified as other.






















































































Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.






























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















726





490





760





502





555





241
852





850
885



























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











655


193



































Amount of rent expense incurred for leased assets
 including but not limited to
 furniture and equipment
 that is not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











553)







468)


291



State income taxes
 net of federal income tax benefit

606)














832







468


291)





327









































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)




















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











140







140)

















 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)






























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











140














646






































































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016











416


261



Sale revenue
 percentage








  2020






























































































Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period
 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016





180
483


869
517






633
591


458
240














669
307


409
213






479
372


316
912














425


357






319


061














751


947






900


268






























 2016
 due to the reverse merger on September 1
 2016




































Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




142
804














230












































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Aug. 31
 2017
Aug. 31
 2016




294
264


126
093





088


466



Fixed assets
 net

672
176


627












038


839












526


972












661


532



Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings [Member]








972


072












131


415





246


874



Fixed assets
 net

885


541












128


839












420


972












914


532



Capital Lease Obligations [Member] | Site furniture
 fixtures and fittings [Member]








669


072







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Year ended August 31







146





906





083





564





543





242





157





085





146



Capital lease obligations
 net of current portion

939







Amount equal to the present value (the principal) at the beginning of the lease term of minimum lease payments during the lease term (excluding that portion of the payments representing executory costs such as insurance
 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.




























Amount of capital lease obligation due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





















































































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Oct. 06
 2017
Oct. 30
 2017
Aug. 31
 2017
Nov. 30
 2016
Aug. 31
 2016


Common stock
 shares issued





036
000




















Common stock
 shares issued







000











000
000




















Common stock
 shares issued

976
875


000
000











087
125


087
125











 of the original 60
000
000 shares issuable
 48
087
125 remain issuable by no later than August 31
 2018


 of the second tranche of 60
000
000 shares issuable to Allesch-Taylor pursuant to the acquisition terms
 47
087
125 remain issuable to him by no later than August 31
 2018






































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.


























































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *F+DDL?(\\#P    !





N6$'


!3+UES@6QHO(];JM-O=5H1I;*$81V1@?5XL:$#05%%:;U\@M.4?
M
_@5RU2-9:
!$U=!)KF(M/+Y;

M5
+$P&IG/U9KQ]'22(R7V4!;I)]J/3%0@R#3LZG5C.=GSVQ.V?C
K:=#1M






_Y/%_GM
T+
T.W


M4E5@
5O& RN0HGQ


MOT4SMA*7&+SCYL=Q3E.X$G:V#P(RN;LYJ7IE


G'G%$0%T10(C



U_HL@6V$5#)DU1?*0XG!/3-R0]A4)?.NVB8+
MA=OB5

)%K/]8UA[Y
M



0QY@%CS#*%F.-^'19H:
M



MS)N3D#73IBO/2+62LZ

JQG9&O.(';4
P\[CQ+:\J&\G



A!(^BDA

M'K'I$'2$( 


%

C$=IF#$O.0GWD2 2')0B&;8?#(5O/  S


A0@#RZ.QG]AW?5

*S$3

S-

M5^W+T.R/\7.WZ%\.A[K[=Q.;]GR_U

MBDU\'











MRU'ZY69H3_/?!
7UOXKU?U!+ P04     IBY)+ZRR%HUT#    $   &




EF<Y.YV
MW5Q[*K=K==9IDLNGTJG.61:7_^YDJJX;E[@?%YZ3XTG7%[SMNHB/\I?4+\53


M=4(%%8*)%0[41 .@D8[@]0?P +B:Q H!)?&[7 D5L%0Q4(Y0010EA*0+W
M1Z@_@J4(JY16$@V?R8WO6UW\\)EJQ)0%@%95A9+*PF&3S_PVS^+9XERQ+1
MF5: 25@SW:W 3,3,Q$+(!)43+,3'P\2'-!-_



_%]!O
OFAH!3R[*




#DII:8;S
M;\Q )[




MJOJJ(#_TZN::[^W)VB[Z495UNXY/77=Y2I)V=[)5T3ZZBZW]+P?75$7G+YMC
MTEX:6^R'H*I
.&

M\/5\/'7]0K)978JC_=MVWRXOC;]*[EGVY\K6[=G546



MKFR'O]'NVG:NFK)XE*KX



A80R&20
8@ZI(+;0*9I@3
D\\







MF]





:C
M+#WWLOJPG9+R3+


MPQ9$V&!C36I&?8E(L!AX
B6@2(70X1FVA\+N1N;=R'?L#XM%*$$:%MV:EEA3
M&






M







M;^
V$(7_BN'WK



[61N?



M;W%JD)O/IM;_$=_B)LD')ZF.AV;3C7]G#Z]=WVRG*
G*MOYQ^%WOQM_W*?Y'
M
5R I@)T+&#\IP5X*L _]BQ\0=G8U-_J?OZYJIMWF?M8;3V]3 IS6GSGP8




BO2.&4BPW+3 SK#AD-FH1-F*AGM2*ZJ27
^B=/&



.5$5SE+L_@O=X8/6!:5AIR
MN3'#8&5P ! D[5F3M6);R#==)#OS?6X(\Y4KC;*0V9DMIJ$%;^]!IN% I!*%






Z
MT'A3&ZNX1]





M?)SV']PV0CMR

Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[ WVT/F;




?(P2E8TK*0?K4
\J/A4M

MYTW3


MQWT8;])THJT3DHF0S(1#C


M[%8%=E%@]T^)=Q]*7
/L/P1ABYXJ


NK<!  #2 P  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970Q
YX;6QM4]N.FS 0_17+'[ F).TF$2!M=K5JI5:*MFK[[,  UOI;1.V





V(<TOLE?^#CM7[EM



QI0J^.%]FT



CAC*^*=3]YZ
M[Z5([I.



MIYN0$$@H?5#@N)WA$:0


M5%#S7OHG
WR#J9YK2J;B?\ 9)

M=Z&M$Y*)D

MI!]*O/Y4XAKFYE
0MNBI MO$:7*D-+V.D[SPS@/[D


3
N


?S

]L:

MMDQ(1D(R$?:1P(9 

$9VQ%O//)6^^]Y.N[


L=



KXAV*=^@]%_B@&3L'
MHBGF



M39(;(AE7N




M%\)=)) I4


/I6X

M9^


M.8T8OL!L9@3SZG


M


67MLHX#' ;Q._[Z '<=*_0+,<,Z9
MT


]@9$%4E:
9XD


M&6^Q1:62&CHKL2

M7


!];\K@C*V(=SYYZ[V7@B=W&;L$H1ES

\-=I._6T6_NM@7VFP+[*+!?QT^33R5N

$%     @ J8N22\/&
M(%:V 0  T@


:O69


5_A0LHA(=

$9IE(LK*0?GC9Y5
!4MWJ9==G$?IYOT2MLF\)G %\)]
M)+ I4
S\27A19-:

96Q#M

!4]G=
MX BU^


_D
0

_/9ARST7#833^(S=\X_P-02P,$%     @ J8N22YEAF-NW
M 0  T@,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T

MP@
LRDR[LQ
UV=FF:9

MBVT!''G5JK
Y;9WKCXS9L@4M[!WVT/F;&HT6SINF8;8W(*I(THKQ)'G/M) =

ME=3068D=





MJ:&U$EMBH
KH_79_V 5\!/R6

M





]J?A4M'@?=]G&?1AO=A?:.H%/!#X3[B*!C8%BYE^%


C

P$/T5RQ^P;MVR

5_@1LH
MA
=

$9IE4\K*7L?K)Y4
!4M7L9=FK0/X\WN?J*M$_A$X#/AF.*P
5#*_(
(





[\/(/18X!1?'
^\[5QPD#+O60LOX%[[H_$665AJ+D%9KA4R
MT!3X+MT?=B$^!KQQ&.WJC$(E)ZW?@_%8%S@)@D! Y0(#\]L9[D&(0.1E_)HY



40T+AP
MO/%G
XW99#C=SS^(+-^X_ -02P
$%     @ J8N22Y=X7$#! @  XPL  !D




*BU[&YYUYY[7X9]J






J5WZ\-Q
M&_ 1\%M;V=G$BHY([X$XWN1TE5(!3D+B@(OUW@'I0*0CZ-OZ
FG4(&XOS\

')6-

M17CB]8'[WN3!&5L1[WSRUGLO&=_=).P2A$;

M+]

MWFE@[WA\DW_P8=J?A*ED8\D9G7_9V/\2T8%/977E1ZCV'VPR%)0N'/U $#.
MV6 X;


M-NG4:=MG+G$25(@S()?NWP](FJ9=]@6P\7M^-B8;T3S9%L19ZTZF]/6N?[(
MFU;T


_&V^QA:62&CHKL2




&![;D!  #1 P  &0   'AL+W=O



16
M'4AFKW0/RM\TVDCFO&E:8GL#K(X@*0C=;&Z(9%SA
H^^DRES/3C!%9P
LH.4


#E^9W]
M6ZS=UW)F%NZU^


[_K]D0T+APO/5G
TW9

$%     @ J8N22RTY9J^X 0  T@






Q^1OG_P!02P,$%     @ J8N22YE'_-7$ 0  -P0  !D   !X;]W





G7B1]XGK^

#S/6D&




;IZ;W2K9PML3U6@O[YP3*#!G=TC?'LZP;'QPL3SM1PW?P/[JS18O-+*74
MT#II6F*ARNC]]GA*0GP,^EA<(LS95<C'D)QI<RHYL@!04/C (W*[P $H%






$96Q'O4+Q#[S7GA[N470/1%'
:8_@B9CM'
M



$%     @
MJ8N22]LG?'ZV 0  T@


M!94+#





U+GAM;&U4

Z%5)02S@V/W[!;363GD1N)Q[



9[H%S1V1MO

MR?$'S/6D&



$$2)$@\0?*%X/JB
MQ!#F)BR2!D72 
!$R =]*I6:J53J[;/.3 0-8EI

-=%#7KO2JS
MYJT^J

NHS/(J7


2EJII<5T&M



 *3$@B@(/$(4$8B4D22)( !ZFSI#TF
MZ3!5OZTLB;L?II*02@*JB4/58^0%%=W@22%/GBF#@_ \!&2229  ?.,5M.
MO&3X5+HIKWP4I7R:X&F



3DDW3V W*QR6VTJ6C;0\#[FJ74Y(L'=L]
MK' 

5M(\8BP


M(]8Y!D1

I-?VRR-;P:
JY9 U;KJ
MOH2@D3HB7(H$2E&XAY/0Q\GMK'#5$BA(
779I



M='



ZWC=


M^@6H5X NH\QF0=)%D%F
_8S

!%MWXB*#I)2O_ U!+ P04     IBY)+G%3U
MX(0  X   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='






R#FP$:?+:]#Y[XH-$CT.@C!88HMG@6
MCO\EV
T](D?#'G#!=U1$8**1!8BG282QDVCO0ZQ/8WUBDA#BJ)TC10FL) :5


H\/





W=NS:159O96QI06Z&:-1LUV
MT) [#7E4[):*.)HDR !
%


%]B!$$/(V_B1-/&\9B-?S-_7'F-UG.3(+

$KAO\

M)'N=1J[B.$XKJR+1;A.*1AF0K[Z+X$F ET0R.0L1GU@CM6ET2,RT\\:6+@3
M^8[ZPVQ



T+;F\-_AD3*%8E\1TD)UT^KO'!!N]E%
MHG3X;6K;7K?CM.+?RLP%WES@+05N\-\?R[P-P5H(M-1/V.!\Y31T6+3QQJP

X3N+!$F A<(S
M4GBZ/GA'$6XH)DVD-;W6!'$0QQL2@\KQ/=\
XQMA? -
9#8(C ;!'6DF3;CB

X'.QL:64(#2VPVB(P&T1UAHAVF%[CN]M
85%X2)F:8V @3
M&V ^
$B




M8A3A*
H1(\

P]?$XW#NE4F@NIS(

M


M=W9-=RMU]EHGQ7V)KH9HP3PX#-YB=M%;S





MFS@4QE\%\0#%/C8&1DFD;5:K7:F51EWM[M]
XDQ0N62!F;1O7W-IE-B?*1-I









5S :!V)!Z0F VB#5L$&#:H)CY)79*KC!AB4I\
MGCR?3 @/GG%-8#R(-7@0X$LG3E.9

MD]B6[5$L7_?#B! N(B3S3(@$1H18@PCAOOHDU/V@

?OM





M$P%^$) MWCFSI7XBBI2%X&

BNAN
MA;,P6'  I/,B$BKSRF +\4!;.C@WP35%@%C?P;H+0):/EQFR'._ /(*(N
ME@;R;'4*#H
MIG=)P X!O#JM:HM+$H#C'?0;2KV&4H^A?&7(8=)%(@Q O(95
M6QA*$X2QWP[VVL%;.[N5&[Q)D^ 

J^=;&



MH-J8V4[HOOUL0Q$EUM0WV'?^W]WO


+$3)G; ;%CB^RHXB+8L]ZH=3A


!&7P7Q #&8P[(K
M0.JFBEJIE5:IVEY[85A0#:V=TG?OCZPB!!?Y 9[['_^;\;(SB?&7T0+(+VW

MO


JTH78GV692X
;$3$[LP

MA&0?\D




S
(D[=[9-=VMU-E['@=A
MBN]&:

:$?G;%:+-)B++C^85#N&V0+PI







 WQU
?+'W
M54G2E_4X7M=^($R! 0JH12P7*YP $*4D+3Q:C7].:4B+O?OZH^Z=EG+7
X
M4/*GJT5;^)GOU=#@Q%/=/H&MI[4]VSQ/^ *1,*5$YFCHH3KKU==N*]59%6

[;J9]UC@
M
F=T\I@9AQ&KJ0OWJ?Q=E0KJOZ/O9#^YC%[+)$QR=%5%G-G,-$$Z?1&G/X


X$'P5Q 
LV;D0TFD='J
M3KJ31GNZN]]
S
MR

GFOG^Z])I4WI;XW#[\?-W[8
M*)*Y/.B&(C67=YG(/&^8C(X?/:G_F+
)?+[_Q?ZU3=XD\Y;6
E'YO]E17S;^

M-2O;Z[U[(Z(^# ?P/H _ A;A9(#H \0C@


5
M$HV)G4.Q<R DQ@0+2+!PZ*$L;-=D&QG83RWLJ5$8]DNH=BE0Q<ACV68D@7
M34(&4EF(32ITZ
@SRKL[OP,6S]#OKX8
MH<6S)#?DK9R
65&79G-%G-A9^WNRPP;
#1BR^N7(+@^;-$?^:S<6!-E9<VK2D8B65M* :BQI

M8Y/F#GOSA%/_96&\F#





MUZ6+W'?#2WDJI#9XJZPE)_J#RI_MEJN=-T0YE#5M1
D:A]/CTEVCYQR%VL$@

M]

@\RXZ4(_9=!A\@T$#
MPE/1AR
P=

7Q5)6-
MPWZ:I/=4P2T* 3W*JC@ LDH^CQE3@9L=LKL=4'.@D8'9L7%@=KR;@513?C*S
M6SA[=FZD;OTWUN%^L
9ZH$WL&WUO
(/N(TQWZ?A.^*ELA+-C4HU+
]2.C$FJ


$%     @ J8N2

P:SMA]N_7-H*Q6MW@/ 1L
M3E^DUCEJV9-=4?ZLEM;6HU_K?%-=CI=UO;V(HNIU:==9]:78VDWSRUM1KK.Z
MN2S?HVI;VFS1&:WSB


5';TL5FN[J5;%9E3:M\OQ'^QB




M?
PUADE\S V&27W
;8CA/N(.\2)C'_




M$R^0P0

;O0Q03DH-B/R(HDRJJ







$F!IRX'



4XC=2E)/
K!'&2#=;S)L*U2LB9Y6$E(A


2G+-J'$12J$PI8 K4(5* 1]VG(3L,XEZ
M+T#:EZ//6?F^VE2CEZ*NBW7WPN.M*&K;N(N_-.-:VFQQO,CM6]U^-<WW<O]2
M<G]1%UOWPC4ZOO6=_@]02P,$%     @ J8N22P2.S[5#   <3$  !D   !X
(@GJ^E;)=M0G+

S
M7J



M

S^^)(K+$YOAM$/YZZ&_4_8W2

M#CQ/I'$I?:'H+

,
MY(I8G6^,Y(KQ_GB'D]LO# :+RRW):LD*DUT@ 





%)!C3%

6INL4!5CAE

M^)(=/AKP\'B  B]1X/GEP-C+)'^B8/4@T[W
=(OJ2 \RW2OUO'AX.E%V.EC&

HU-F9]OY\9 )GLMDY'#().]S&3Y\
1??'A &GLMC2
W





RC&)N-F6

RFTR


M6%)V9 ;P*0$^):70DN.2X$G\E:^)(C)E B5\ G!*2LUFP'J: %:2AA4Q)(D5

M=Z9&1R^VMG^
\':Z^C9;K@=?ZLVF7FQ?9+VKZTW5=%D\:SJ[KZ:WAP_SZF[3




QOL+

&L5?
M2[


?.^CXX+
V


M:R .!ESV&DAK((\&NM= 60-U-(AZ#;0UT$





MREN=)ZA1PDOH



PDD)38Q!


MM(:N



X--


HDUE+Y#Z0D=F-4M=*2:*DD 3.)P
S?XH]6U'46L81U
M*MSU13U$@M #F^U1(AV5Y)H1+8


M &LPF$
$2
U6JU9JI6BKMM=.


L0#H($M;3I


MG@/P6
(&Q4Y0[ +E]!:I$%Q'KA!Q DB#A .%JU*$VS-'D 2IR@Q 4*%ZU*(T3

'AW;W G*5R!M
ML@#EJT










!#^*XCWUH Q@8@@E4S3







]CHU4?!3#




 ^=7JFY8$3I4)RQ[ 60RA8QBJ


M[ ZIT5O!KQ8&.9D'II

M3J5]!N5%*LZ\BT9AY
V-;6?'P:TDJ2];+XA\0306;)(/V)?$,\*L.SK3X2
M18I




=*T?I';O:



MB(0#I[^;2M4[/_.]L[D2M4+[[_ F?QO3'\-[@!U7#C1&N4G$K[ZY57J3@;
M6;051MZ&L6GMV \G
1[+W 716!!-!6'ZWP(\%N![06S##\YLU$]$D2(7O/?$
RC
M57GT*'!8(W#@5L#.$-C6XX<0D9L@=A+$EB!^(,+6Q@PJ<6TH\DP#A91UDPX




M]T#Y6 1A\.IX[
ZM





MYH*/2+B?-1!S)\)=K)M9&:?MG3W3U4KMO99I]CG'5T
T8?8.$RTPX8S FGU.
M$?E2[*.;\.A]@L
M(M[X

MN(X

&UL


MV.9U

-$U-K)L

M/8!:M;I6K#:K7.7S:2


MB


&@D9





CF5B\!;PHX-1


M(J'D]&=7JS9'*?)J:

M:N,O+JQZ^TXNI4XG6C[A' BA#,AB/])B9M)@Y\Q&_404*3+!1T^X/VL@

N
.&?B'*+B/P9@K6!V46X
MZR*T_'C!/ZQ-.
C!0GIG(HC#U%_ARJU4E.Q;B7:M1%M^^F%?(-X5B/^?)=YD

'ZSBM]02P,$%     @ J8N2
M2UO6-^PK P  2PT  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T-C



MYSW'[['-$[

T==N5]VIBXSZYKU


+W



MZ8IWQ3QGC5Z;XD^^M8=EF(3!5N^R4V&?S/FK'@J283!4_UV_ZL+)6R=NC(TI
14#
M]];*UPE(!





M_ :QUR!V!M09-


H_;AF\CB?H:+)46:OBA]
7JM&

<:P1Y3^@K*S'FSEM3MVSAEIQWCPP?8D;Q!Y(AUNQ<R2T

MR=R13G:$O



XU?R;]5ZS]1*ZCS7_'%UP+N%0B:NQ)S=37V9\9
M)XW.(J0TZ&T8JU:-_; 3^9IF)_B:X(^$%-XD!)H0?)80:D(X$KSP)B'2A.BS
MA%@3XAD!#


MBTRD

837F)4-XUUCUB;&OT8\F8@PG&$V)B;X+P8(LZ-CW^K85_QP
8Z$<SRP0=AK!3/XQC4^
CE-!%S.CP20\!)
MI]\_
#[Q3]02P,$%     @ J8N22[5F!'MA   H/8! !0   !X;]S:&%R
M9613=')I;F=S+GAM;.R]:7/;6+8@^+GOKT#D4U5+$92.RGGJYJ093E37;;E
MMN1R9TQ




O\;1Y5U2IE5TL5E7:[AZ
$



M47'S:[&-CCT&KO*-JN6N[Y9;1BST++.?!E0!.@##!

M.
L!*X'X;1MVD=YD\ZSQ*-KU8*3SR(V[7R7-P693Y= ::.3Z/]\GZZNT_+_
M:MS'$J






R!CZ]R?@P#SJFA_6515A\REC\A@C:?.




M#&Y3=/T4[6\JNM
'.B-LHS'/5LFL2W;IOOL-$IHLB(ITC=248U#8Z* @IT29
M*B13'@S)-DI+WV;#:]$\GS
ALW6%MMIN@&4PY)X5L=N

M;

MKX
_EKC.:'^1\E\'$5D9FXX; B90KNOT-F








!
?E1'&U [&0Y-$]6

O[SN#3@;G _

M?I6F$:) -#PXBBYT*4:6$M

&

;SHVW.?X OD0R4-

MTZ*PO49(X[/HIJMTV5TKBXV%I?XHYT8X3HN(^OV&;RF$!BYS\D-H#4'B7&9S

M;T

EJ!^Q'$@14AGF4Y
MRR$PGZG-][I(2A(+V/Y; , VH P%.'M1/J8Y'6/8AP]WF7S.Q@\62QA;*)T

M'&*4?2!!RKNKXORB41!O@G# 0-7=BS3/Z9HK 75!^0*H]PYDZ\4/T]AV


8XRV^7IK#?U] +ZB X[4YWF'-
#5APAWHP7EG*.XHS(

M/G/^SN
ST?D2Z&F153YKHE40L&:_PR*^W '@HDL





6X







MVBD(K\EM$1O+A.#+U )4&Q O@., ZAN/Z%0PCI#A=$;C
$]$]O VW.


%FP2
GWJ

M/Z0.0K/8E A#]Q)!E(0XO++K#4E-J.6CX+A9XMIAVZ4R2!0K+)B.HDL/O1WT

M4$G:0GL7XEW&UY; 
JSAYC&]AMN

MV*M



U(PVE:X0K0\8]GE(EF=!';[
!9-*


DL8-^372G!
MW#




B[4)8HD1CF



MTCH[R*YNFB5;1L:VZ J?A2]A9_-WW45[@Z=DSUCU1H! 9UM:I#EF^YQ;NJ
M6&1GCN2J(#E!JX&;
'/KBT64)LL.8$GL:(O-34YJN=&QY!H*4!MTCRJ@V&



M!V*Q1

M)SXQ
CYG:WH.B5R6@VA&A]X&.E$N[.GX P


%Y:HA[B/S8%&R I

^D
*

MJ+*AW=ABS[I+E&O5:#1


&$6@QO=F;1I!_A82XVB240Y BHY%X%Z0D
M: P2E7I!@?GP AJ54 !F'[+2(-2XBSFK#4P'6=
2)%*
&T8E.

)H RA=453VDWQET5]]D\FO9G1^%'3S905Z&1
MW!9'C5U5KX6%KAW 0'1/GA(MMQ0WI700+F9+G6#SZ(@6#N@X!W9/P=\=$&
M
C29=9D!($H^HMQ5QIP8[-DRK!\E2(!\K'#6X%^N)M.HU3SPD@: ?5([
A
M %WVCF3MPH'5N.C8W6* +JW@+!A+91.S\7X^&)-AHP8&F%IR^[LQT#B1GW


M9JOXG*NX+CFZ


[;

:8=0Q2[G'MX=\?(/XJDD-C91)'[)@\)R%C(
MYI3)QKZQ_QIX:OI 6C@9)B@D(?N*FR2Y$I4T:_2QZ\1P7C5=)^AKTHSP:N*






[9H^*80S;ZTE.)D8/^9J &T%AM0ALNCZ3Z=XG(-OBQ(


NOH

MY[GR-5%$B-=XUZL[$&TVN8U[YFAO14^)3+T!
4+*GMBB.%Y0Y.:\1$UQY-

'\

[47.AB
S


BUV1?KZH/QY^ION@4R+8R!T=2

Z:QO<GOLKUA?U:;Z\<N<1I@4I/:-:Y(PG,GOL.
M.X-%[_5C@%T\&W'9T00$J/(K.\(X@5ZJ=':4&BUNS-YTVHN'H^-8PN3%*\9










M4(@!'MRSU2I=9




+Y&*.%J856ROM8@+$:!L^9^!Q9!IO
M/%
;A8I(VQ]R@E=+S




Y%U:



MT7!S
A&&9%HH\E#&2?EL(-(YB2A
MO;)2.+($%LWA3=:;'E
R\,%_ME
ML[BUG#(WHJY00*9E]G#*:]Z%'=23:X/XV2\IXQW=3)%6'^T:[;H=@;&54=1
M<NVR90&B 6$(K#D4MSX):8PY-4)QQ[P.*K%%JV4*ZV)YDK_./8/VS];03
M10*



M:+\S-O
7W[/]EAHY
-%I#M+Y C%E+G5HC:H^T9#[
#WL]SO]5]$^!_8
)KT#
MS%I!XK+)JCL$XSN/TQ'Q8KN^OC*:]0[

((ML*UB24XB_462$#5DD 

M]!(#-8L%.0A)T+H=)L@-

G9O@&*+H<BP<';[OD%MR
M:+CWFS)-K?OO^1




-2T5
M%Y \W*! @(9L;+[(*8Q*]D+#DF4##&$$(N*@IS0C:FJE4

#I5$:R79]O 

Z$VECI@?!-HR_F
A;S*[\AQ '



M+;&S

MO-L=6Y+2)O%VQM0\9!T/V15&E(*KOI2
MXXMM'


MD-82.APR^0*V!RS3AEU
TH(

69:V5'.87
^FCB*&#@EI[
RXP
M5


:^7&-UX!P3A0KD8G.53L-@N&U.#V[I5




M]/HVHGSUPJ8@M39M787ZF1C_^=]F@T'OAX_




M\2@&/;&*3FX D-_M7:


M
V6U_GQH\[^C) H

MUJ4_)J'ED3O) 3C0?K/H 

MMUS\?'




M_8CV?L(;4#J*+-=ZC6GYD*H1JH


DL&4%%=2C
M3W]+_DG]2N^RA1V9/[8/'?'0+L)
AJ[?@M@@!&-9
\E4/ E5A.;R+Z0E)4&Y



\;MUIZ/
MXT;/;'I[Z@7\J( 1]MA3W?#Y3GN&J5S(7KP6$_NN$=,M;9B/ 5*BJY3;-;

MKTVJ(*W![U_1Z+IGPJY[+8.T=. +4KPZ.O#5EDI7L]F)KYD.U
FLMB[-@V)8
M
Z$-(NX)%!&?:\?GMT(*-]4P:+TYOSR]^'!U_N'SV9OHXN/9IY.K\XL/EZUF
MK&%T&.WX//95;:O^87

GM=M:TJF2

MF*H_Z*-$
Y%LDL20[!3@;<WE]!*9F^\94%Y[  '7%S6G12J ;
MXSS#95C9EL%9?V1!%D_Q/




MTX3O4) @[.L


MJU%\33*_ _RC7LCX*X6J;+@11\7?&=N]++:MR[@Z'
@1G*3Y')EKW.(U(E&X

1-3/U






!

N2.Y7DP3.8#<?XX1C.^MA@7&ATB/_T^1_@;(P<[N#:5.'+

U&&.YZYR(TM^#'06UWSA7HMIEOB!&R_:M?







_'!4%\7+45TW%?9+GY6O^\'_7_F=P#8@1

=NZX-W2*OS$A%66A:)\T6_PL&



KHJXL(7*-=Q26Z_V

M&$?OWIWZ*L/ !@MC5 D%C@O9&.^




;N3BSK&\.Y_.\J8%ZGB?P3*8)7EEZ&



V3W
)5[.K%Z\O$P



M_!V8_U5 K#/G8D&@P[V1[.;J!U!5&0)(?1W@G-5'

69=4RE
M&XA)JV1!%5\P&B(K%Y+Q*GD\XE?CT-
RNZ:-:Q



M_-'&\:C#^G;\K[:-4\*V^4-LX[L2-U.74W\/B_?./IC T?:[6;QW
C0[B[?Y

LWM'.%F_S!UF\=[AS_W4-WG65Y_A_![ON;X;*;S4
1UV&X79P

[XM2JJB@6(7/HW=
M) BDDQB49E(%D\4#1U:K\N/F5TN7O73-Q?:/!_$4I.8FBZ[57JJ%E[:HJ:+\


S7ZU?)+T5)E?N]



M/P4RSCZGI2N9

MLMCU-)HK(6&4BTQ0YQN141$-QD  IS.+!Z

M

MZ+L.$+'G%=*;S)UW!7?8;BEE

P%ZZ6





G#7Z3)+
M'[0E$%D_&!3<^%<+]^6C!V0W:98DYCBOEPCL;IA\@-&T
$W $PJU16J
S0

7A$&DAS
$3Y6\U]PNU 7+^+*
MR%_5


55P*5/UU0:_EP#
M


N[\C=;2Y8XB/570HF_5=45)S/TMG-O?X

.







':-YB%7K2
)YD%]JG&H?2IYSBH8\=4K$S


M2H5
N@G!S3VW.B*N4%BTP+M





_\Q



CDELECM:$ZO^_0FDT]



&#U9EG16
N



M ^4]BCYAB/!OJ.T_F@SCR9@-TWLC; ]R7.\PUJQ

MGM%XT1M04 $.=([-(%&)\@+9S_@GF8YJU();Z)*6)A;1W)-VVOX(Q)Z XK

D*S


!X.IEX##JZ
CUA!)PJ'/W?=V%W5($:+-.A0
MP^U!.+*S:577C9+8E7R3;#G^2EKD$=(NY$X0(3


M38C%0$7SY):/6
.*
)?<@*@85GK_4MC(29R3'










MAT?#/U%0 0D6)4NO$B6/K1H'$YL\A:U+)M

-UC18TD]HY\E3+1AXZ H&4G E


CJ(1/A08U5_FT3G,%\XA+[

M_K8M]1;_?O;A\UET^@Z;?G8PPK&-



M@7@R.8Z'O:E8QJ)!/.N-
=^6?L0BMH/^T/TXG([CP6BL$X!L6134(6P0CP9C

Q;S4NG;?WK
M04+O#[9VJ0=B.^CMUI




#1_+8Y&
M

+=^<8JQ;M?RR6V1R(
MRD%C](0XWL5-=.$RT[0UK%943P(_'+I^<].V.J(NK..:?]HM$






M](WF%IJ6$K9E%+XMH_[
%S:
BID:I






MH




M] 4MLP=G.'I
KX$2H+$VF$4\JE6]1C






MG1+-#JJJ



PII


UJ%A0O(9=P3T

RNW?.2J20/PNZ] LH-_H_ZKZ.(:P2%LF9:H


:CU55BD6Y=6W-'1(J:


K

4!!J?IUVWR



M^=_ZL^$/T:76*&CXB)[)HSS2$20T@K
B&]\*4C0S4Z@'P6O27_T2$SOK97X3
M T^B

.DF

M^KE8%HM



A;/L0M'WJE

GK:%=(AC2?8A

?OG9'7_@]00JZQC[*?WGURQ



U *1!L]2%.Q--^8ZJW6D46X_EA
M8R!#DR&%;;_-D)S@(1''F09MJSO!6





MMHW!0=5
L+TG1C.O$RH'S
%7GNYL


M_.!W/&#)C-&K$I0APB!3V.CWA;6UBK

M--(4%+
U*BEC73DK3) I1$:8.9I-
! -YM9J]*CCNL9H[&5618H/^WLZ?W7O

S02W9?(ZA!9/DFT

4!CE8V
42#!V585Y'1DAN6UMXDH*5[+ T$QAHUR(

M;E66:/=5*G./K]CG$-OT
9*#
 )-ZW5J
Y9M_=498$& F;^'8!WB(@RSG(GK
MN4R9SC;N9$!
PP!$OT?




M7R7

MCK

MF7Z-@D+


M@D4Y

&Q5R3?[+
!;OE\WBUK)+J_-0M*OE^'#*




Q%8/F

[C


M-'A1/


M
4(1D=#3GA$WM99P3KVP



5T.5FT*'OD[

MKK.1-G9Z$&ZC:S$!!XH:'




)9Y97R0/I4.R!?TC%
M

N

*PNEQY+M9
M


HY.[*(RJR2HVO]SSW01EH^Y56T24
W(




9
M9T


1
M;7);I[*+LTPY3(QFR3^47 M?EG_L7[K!F3M#AXC*EY?=^QQ:I;F]V8KC?* $


M[8N*2]ED


T[=7A!X


^%

M.$T$VDH'(\Z\.
OP@^]%8:0 Z7S\RVCH%O/Y:&%&0:I0+G)
&FBDE#'6GLK)
A1ZZG-9_H5+S4G/2S:JZ]&GJI6D@ZM)3]\9O; #2A)X./!\GGHW<
M0U4J\S
OS7)$HR3/H'?@I3[0N#03CWC_[EKW0-+R6-2Z=^$%N!3X%9?%?^5(


MO#Q. L)N!$GC-T?&.$$48.%)[/D^TJ$TB[TT1-3G
]CWXA!Q.@P0
MK7I:+Z-M^.MU'VK%4( =0_VV@U@I\+(419=;I/O!1'2NSX@::*&:MS<@NI^
M)_+)XMQ9'F45VN?
_[N0)S%BW-P*PG)'KQZ!KHL;=B1#L:2)5/[\&Q%OX96A



MPA_H0X5&$9SM0#ZZAMOSW]F7_[;^.?@'! CA
JHGLC&IPBADD
SRO_#6$0




WW\MSE6F.)[!5(W=1_-(BK)3Y]0Q;L%Z1





M

MH+@G+@I3@4

M'=44Q QZ- %0OP?

M#2UC;0DS*2

RP6*F)H;UMYJK^=K+CG(%O4JX%F(VXTM
M=K:FE]9RJW3E5%7W5H2EO*SE9N7#J#\YS9$;LI(SL
KOC(C@I6G?B_R
I\@!




U+-


HF8 FBDO
M%^R4]W\&C0T($+Q+;-2 NP=*^85OC
 5T^?@=Y06I0Q]TQ@662!@:=17S6O%









MZL
6@WY9'@@*P#%V*
NN?6KE[G5?+-M]_FCVO'K5[F:CG&U^]66:G_#$
CUO



 '\WFG/70MN]]/RX0PO98C;O7E]A8D\43]N
M98M)6T/99:A;PN!E[8E!\EX*H?PE&5_NWFD=+[+U69+U^P(@TIE4W16T.\5


MUKKY.2;C


%2CE.A12M)3JFAY/MYS/T.].
M2I8
T\.?GAY:'DKO5!Y.
9^4R:Q-RS0]! 6Z?&=K3P6T@@QL#&2@'EA4^JIV









$D6RM_1'LWN54Q0/=_NZ$H&[]?(Z?:#(FTP_?Z1#XU\
M3'?!)?-2JKQC@L[;[=V*YRHP:(

M4IK & MH=1@

!CLXS1

HUG6&PSE )Z#G.
M0B6I
X
Q\9#J!1G*_
MB!S1/13/O!8Q+HC.(G4907J6:18G


M3JFSL8IQ

&T\6
MH]EH?J1/VN7F 20XD!8V[4;@4(
_YDB6;C0P![48=[BS!PK4]NZ[5N-9.^=:


28H*I=62(0H^O
M7\]!O4(742!1@\O09%ED _U5^\
3.AKW\XKTH7C#XWO)4L=96A*!K
XV9O
.):%LC(IPT6<,8@+)_^-X?SW#CW_!SCQ1*@<C#

T26A).MH-ED229.0






D/@2&HC/UJEMS.#7?


M *F+DDO)ALF3DP0  

MRA1/V9=5KLE)):DB.


M_F?0;.I


4!V-94 TD8@[3-
M)AU$]X.&54L6;;(:0#H(I',)R(XQ::OY.X!T$4CW8I$,9+,D!XZ=%AGXZ
MBSF+GE@TY;&?BBA


&GL


MQ
0$81$+ E2/[J5ZN;-'Y -$X1%+(C?9:26#+.16P%6$]JX3!!6
2.HL

Q&[XZ 8T/)A

Q
;78

=$XQ*(!




M:-3QN2SFTYIU+[O'-1RWVWI=?BN*0!V+RG$EN^/;:^R?J7SX%U!+ P04



J[Y






^W@GHG1;XK\E$[W*L^[S[/O2GYE!N7?+/\$]K)G7X?V<;Y]QG?KI
M_HG2P[@EA^OKS2_QZ]0_$6%:49Y_ U!+ P04     IBY)+



MCJ(J1V&5H[C*46#E*+(*%%D%BJP15:!(JM D56@RI09!4HL@H4606*K!)%


4     I
MBY)+'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-0
M2P$% 
4     IBY)+9O






M971S+W-H965T





M 0  T@



4     IBY)+


  !D


YX;6Q02P$% 
4





M A0#%     @ J8N22^@4H9&U 0  T@
  !D              ( !82X  'AL


RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     IBY)+Q,P&K8!
M  #2 P  &0              @ %-



M2S1R*J&X 0  T@

O





M

  !D



4     IBY)+WDMJ$[@!  #2






M970R.YX;6Q02P$% 
4     IBY)++3EFK[@!  #2 P  &0


M971S+W-H965T

  !D










M
YX;6Q02P$% 
4     IBY)+(7Y$I+4!  #6 P  &0






4     IBY)+@L?:

M=#0W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *F+DDNWF5.A^ $  .\$   9


M='



4     IBY)+!([/M4
(  !Q
0  &0              @ 'L



#!P\. @  U 4  !D





O

2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     IBY)+;X6:#M4!  _!   &0

M   ( *F+DDM;UC?L*P





*.!0  ']% 0    $!
end








/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001477932-17-006145-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( *F+DDO_DS4^^?8  +UD#0 1    9&-S82TR
#$W
#@S
2YX



AS_8=[#W_^N;/A]'EP]7M[1ON__SV/_\'!__YV_\:C;@;C%SG




\2M)[T7ROZ/]?S?='5A2'^?N%



M=L]KM%?U^;RT?N6/QP@])#TY#:5_C$/L(7!G[?_$.

*S9
-J
M_\^$ ]D





M'JVYZY_Z.*[HZWFMMK_Y5ABA8'Z-9K#\/)T\C\:K[76./FQ7Z+#9W^&_DIZ
MN,@BGV T_O0#V7&$7U21WLB=J$Q2PKRV4Z


MCSR+=%]
52F


<^![\,^Q;\G;/
MB]1ML,B,//TB3V_-L\H(TQ?'.DNS?6:EU555R1-90PXL3-TS;R.4SLX5)L%
M1SI U'.O8_O$P0ASFA-';7^3WF!ZAB0H])MYF_6-!J/+R9J





0#TB4.\]7T::



M-HW1

P2ABCZ8GG6
M


)H96\;H;AF]L-%=7?U86G4W
M9;&B&XJI:

^+GGED_\&W


%W386;@FB;FA4_V

ODN.--%6I[X


]7U4





P[?Y2G=WM
CE]TU$N




M(FJ

MI^S8EI.QE+%T4+;T]

-?J
7Y!SZX$4G_&3
MBR[#$$7AQ_D7Z]]^0 L\%3BP3A*G.NJW7T9Q&X8QJ6MW&HS(;09XZ,YV9WT
M/?AGD0/E'A]:\SV_?2(U(HCR3%)4C /ZA&NOF;:/LG)8%WAM[3\

(J!


MF+

WN8AWS6W(D]G!#GSX?K%0)


W@SYW?#SJHFBFR]R31;S SSYEQK=.&@_#[3]20?D//& RXY45?


/-*_=
M7'%26_NV8G/7ODWG))(U4KL541C]D;R_^/.JU]Y3:_\IF0MJO[^X=E[[MF)S



MVI!'DM9SE

MR3/&W_O?R:01.K4Y]8S..EB5B(JOWPM% Z.R!J LD/]TB7+5=*RS;:H@R%KG




/ _6 4@7?@.Y6[
W3

$ZQ:GNVCT8F&PN;']H34.

7C&+88'TS^P&JO\^A*5*+B-K:#JHCIPW;+SM :U=BM;'MEPJS
MV4@T:[$]G*NB[!+G-_2O!C5SES:&% 4#4$QG'X[.5-&JTXMK YG&%HIEJ

M@\EF9GI%VA?+LYZIN&X]VY^B.@%IT]!5L3
A_=V/+JW87H.$GISQ_6@D/A

M5V






V7U:_?
=
M:4F#L2:(AP&Y[/K5!7D$S18QWGZN(TA#+![Y/; 8UT'<MK+953KY#L'&F[ V
M!LXES3 .++#]44NRKBH[CI;$.NX=J%%445CVMS8ZD'LZTIHNEW< -K5X'Z9

P85\YB&2;=[UGLFAA

M:T]&JBH(6B$XV%;;:HVV1[JDE3R:MAJO-=PTT2P:WI8[OG-^B6AV()#M22^R
MJNK@+ZFUDE\.*+
U22'+JVI5[D!JU;#H;W=SA1NQMWZS2T:/U(SI7ACE/-DN
MY;%

M5;LJRLBQ)JWID/G!!6DIJ;0-B8)M:580._.Y[&=$^4KFU(BG& )J1&_@NJ



M

MO;\5LT[VALLHO!3'4U!TE&(K06^*X+O*GT-':LBC 2%5*_LQ  VA/4 ?K8






MHIR2&S7_HO]L13K LN(

M-NI .1#L.N=







Y*)

0U)M(+W_FB?QQ550V1Q7]GHKD
M*1\PI=$8.0U@/OD1K*EK:Z'ZW;9/-.#]^D9*[HP=CXD2WC1I

G3S<V;0P[$JZ)?
M0(=?2V
N
S0_[ZGV^LT\^0$8DE'RS8C^[CT7^BYVEK_+?K1MKMXFO)]:DM5N

 =EQ1DF5D7  9&PY[ML+1 V);_J(+2DJG1[,47X
MGA,N]+TC1(.VSTE L+04]E!47/H.8)#TU&(K&B^K)C/9^T#/+JD?  N9J0;


D_?16

M2\'MLA?4*]F=G+PVN@(#)WKFT.SDV'6F8F+
3VHP]$^^6A\&3T_\Z
!R2M-Z
M2][6X9
Z#^(A-TCK;B7I4M0







]O*[

M +:JM9*5C%.]Y-21+-40JMRPB.8@&'RDO=NA$I@%H?H9NZP9A6HSI+2^_M(U
M&J
@0


S1UMQ7K/-V-
MZR13?74.YUXL-TXS?+*K7/HPJ[/P_A:%OFW5Q!WVR@[&H_[P:!#;1#5\O-YZ

T+0&DJFF5]XMJ]_

$B].+%N )5ZPQ(L^




FIQ[R8?#9VL05\-!Y%I26@$4








M

M_([B


TP$#=.R


^

A@E(WC#
F/<)%Y1#5Y2SGVAP(S;'GMANJC _'C69YI(LV=\DFGC
MZ::_O:M_&U9V?U9VV5;^H\_(@H=OXB@.T!?LX6D\O;?F9),Q_(9LA%_(:Z[B
M(#;CL4KM2[#NW'A&BTN]G#RQ9\/UV\X!]EX:KDA.=KTFZZKNJ0M;OK:J?']

M*DB[=R4'L'=/8$#OU1-5EE15W:

M8+^.[ I?
53!





MTU'8AAA%U9EU$]MCJ##AQ2C G+VQ!C9B=VA-!!#YK:A5%B&/;LP);Q=#6Q



0.)I.Z8HJ2IJX%0'V7E 8@1$G_T=6RU?0=&#9T0.*HJ30D
*2L)(
MD$82^$

C6%*'A!#JPIDR#N;1C&Z[U'$689+1?A0_P4HO_$(+U/T
$H 9K!





M

MN'%4B(0X8I!8_JK

MZ*RI207NKC:R&XS&45I=-M4Z




+=D\./(?=JA=R?
M#S^)%Y)A:)J@*.[_\HMS@(%[! H#\D/O\K(EGX8%\MD#]Q:DN-4ACC;3G@



D7
9DNDFFM^


-!M=A
X

HM(+L#6 JKV8


B6M-=QI+M+! M=0:DC
MR. JD?


#W]'#
U59.3C6\ARQ



+(M4;0I24L$!TWM TWI+P@
-

N[0X


5N]-GW
MGDF]8/+1Q@AA


V=2
MUR'MWS2U#FG/YGU]L)[@



;\D-31A/5/K?$LE6XJ6$6R$]1:.2 %
MJ/6,IPTP9K6FRW5WSU$ODK-PL!5\
KXTWN@+^-HX@?XK](E#6NROV1Z%&UK




M%Y_/+

M.R;^6G);4JWL)--0C]ZAJNDLZ]A''YS8NW$^A\+*  ?@-C=;=Q^I8^OBPWGO









91B5+T7

U+
^_




\DDO31E#5HCNGES\3'='
MPQ:B ZHN2GT+0=;K]I84

M_9%KFB[*1XB);#$!;1NASN9;5MU_N=+73P6+NB!S$4AXY'K RWG9$KHJ&(
M.[LSE[8=3V.:ZG6-9@&\F#8

=2.,& P;T&;_08O6]XR?7)2<:]\K*U$22T9R6S
MPLI&


MR$E]JIFL:N$U&J


M[ :*/7JX;Q
M] *
Q026A.3_R++PQ7(1J6X675E!




MRA?^U;V][P/7]=6 Y

M^3?BA^)3KVC=-W&X[AL_#@K?_


M)7#L!


M*Y1
OZ=XLF?H-:1%#






DK]B=?Z /
MO
4$9SAQT9RC5PF6G!_Z2=FY)4


^ CX$@


MB=
SI3[:
?
E6'QYC&H7-HM59;MB:L/7)QB5/#B4;R&R:')OAX&2


'!MG#K*
MEH;=6UGB5:77
99?3G)6R\[CLF$W*)1M#3N-%Q2YSU)L;=3U:)Y+RR+E.%!R






()@*?


^!0/UEN
9W(<%$J[37 $0B%%.XLNO 7W'6,
M:*F]Z904F0.9T1HT7K)]Z/E+G2'-SY$5I,Y^E;IHG3E2M:[@A U. 4J%]^:
M%?Q;/\C:&B



E(SXASB-*8J\


M!DZ7IFC;_GB
$-5IDIA.LJS)%;F+G-K+L/)RX3SW

M;IYP2S





3C'U:
VS=)_.6=[0RG)8#Y#!31/)
MSHI6PT#)R'\ \M/




M3K?&O0VQ9Z/5]W(.=N@+?-N. XZ4(G9! +
HN9\D_?DO%]QNHWJ1VK\I6S_+


M0G#_%_^FS)E:]@1[*)BGWXYQDLU.



1N]LO)^GWMEX/T^]


##(&U;=VTP]0\=


_\_B[B7CU*)NF?'-]
D#&_Z/YL!<E0]HZ4I^)(-HPO]JCYC



M[H^I' Z.'S^Y:


('=/?A;P8::X/VP$]UB7P!H/?2E\BBB9-6;N

%^![WX'&25/\IIB9QZ


MQG[ 11/$S9$5A!SR'.1PE_$SM
W)(L])@JC3\D#PA\9SKU;(_20:

M@*R0_












IZ-N5)

MMLO4MUVFD]ABK1C4BVVFM/S%VNH62S4P7E 8D8-1IU/^XBZI1_)_+2^V@CDG

MIB'Y@\H+@D#W1RQ._9GS7ST4A!
\(T]]LQSL4R0/4;+-\G;\[OL[BWOP)W[R




M1\^6-7O_$
&'$]\%:QQ^^D^

M*@4J/YQ+


H[\/



MPI2Y!A1'/FL3+!\S5^
Z=S6L&0E297$M
NNG(V#%G5BFU4H'

3.UQP8I0.\GR_9%8(J&ZA&)1$

&BUB!!0*O
4/LBD:W


MHSC]?4[*9#62T6?-,4/66!!?#[U(
L@'])-M'=-$0 7G9V_P-Q6A*]\23B

)0E00#'H!!RSP))2YL TF+I.2MS)K=
^1[ 8KNR[#V#
M3Q*#QQ/&3R%V


MGP&=]U
G\DVP7DY^0^0RT_!I@$M].%@DK3?*K


D&C(*(S85'CLT0H.UB[(:$J\





MKFL%I.YCGR%JC8/%FL$/K'S\$_7D
<O-M_H@,14.EQD_4CW\9Q\T]#ZD=T*OLA@( <G @0+.7\\AJ](S(WL_%AY
M:KE%BFW2Z\O9<.Y!7E3M2^U#[D^/[M^2$ ?)!3WV<]08-&#
C!L0AC#03#/





.
M(8NIO$V3D'[)CD:0$X1Q1$H[D+#(P'7!&
Y0
MT?; '97B'Z-


RP5W4#8/RDXC/*3GT-Z\1/LHNQU0[NKZRXD[


MA;E8K9

MD(

P#[M!JXVB$KHH&!8)%R!(X*TXC#&)Z2KB\CU4



Z$F;-*4N%$X0\17<*+O=B)

\NBKQ(1;7](BA2A:0UX# )
APQ


.LARO+#S#E@'8P
K[P=L*

M3!AIG(1QQZ[YVW?]XJ,Z56RIQ9GJ0HSAWAI7BXF?SLLM)



VNU?#16PW5\8*^
M1_,C!/FZ_;S LLJ75A\JDE&8%T@,:!V@P M0!R#=R$';SK%8)QF0R E^39+^
M*$GQ_5ILO%*]B\/^VP_')T?ZS\';UUHM?(]#-%KH/B!N9J1%-BPL_
0=X ;





MV-WK-#D/ X8@3;R

C_BL


?)A2&.%PLO!!D@!5A8(R9




IWUWV.\(N .X38)W

7234)JMBZY%_X;#0Z:
MW[S1Q@G:9A?GFKN\CRXS#SHR0K4J$?<7Q8 _[X

M+KW





M7;_8 Q0L\3] M


MN-.-A8#R/*(])Q#(@Z1 A0'VU9_EWAI@.#Q_,D$T IZ:PO!P4::E1/*2&I

MRMR.


M]Y*+6#(V'G\8A#BTJGPP9N5:)2P-&8:7%?#S$)P*K4!=*T+$!4B02*+4


C+PT+Z*


0/H=S&E

LD)3\'W-QU

M.^B_M (%'-P55/VE1U9=9W%;S]^\VHCZ\KR_&85WC!'KPIUFZ3W&Z6B3RC





M.043)?*(OQ+21)'P*'#+/TI2H+
+21
3A#I99TFP)2IF/[QA#2
7@Y*]O=







C07+$J@6H 52P81A C
%YT@NA!S$
28M2ZM


-!@DD:'_E9Y

9GB*X



M)Q&5JY)H/G+RD7## A;.O! \L/*B7.QB;]'HK2 1F6/9VGC#$V7(


M7(0_\=]6G!?5#)
;_X45;%A9X\A(MH9QH6P_MC\$;4DOO^=\Q$^P1 @MGQ3S
MLH)

MY9\*('#(F4,^#XG@M@/0K!E$/J= (9;0TY31JO
C]$%B
&_NJ9YJ;
L&\
MM/7X.3T.LW4G/YY\1$ _PC''!P2Q
UC*%N[: &/9X$H[R&A*VPK)[9:]DG9
M$SC5



10J

?7^I32(5MT_&SC&$L)J&
X/O:AB8R;6\0^DB%ER1S*'1
M+;NT4CGBIR]$P

M*C5B[*:Q.$X9*^D QX?JQRP:&ERY


TJ/

\2S%@
S-R@JF
M1!^.ZXB0'@FH

EE94'L:SL89:IVT^29SLC=Y

3_&
1F0SK4.
MP(V


QEEPP2 ;-HC1N'R)4IDJ  #;='+


KKH6M[S_6PWIH7&C-UEC^[21T\O5/(EL2&:_/!C)
:((I*G)DASE_H2R&79?-+
MF53UK9-R:G;%UD,IQDYU9A0XD%Z1XUU@'(Q<&C!!BHA-[NBRE&K 6IZR$49-
M.;&*M)IT)B$&[*TS:3Z@;;DB665G9F:(]/PSM:SQ=BVF.I_(JV4GN6%+XR
MH3+5/:1X0T7J5.;-G/4$;-Q)OPR,<4LV\QB5<^/\!)TREQ2NZ+P\[R@$A/
M0=9&TM+F!WMH2N*/5@D8H;7^R1W8M<KQAP%),83F!









PY%@RV1Q+

MYOC''$P93/1*KC&-M]2%K+7$1;Q!:I6WC28;
-=2.[@F !00E14XY%XM%L


M&1:6KB*7/30 TJ$0A/3A

M?%H:(:D7+T_@
!-QI9.6\&00&G':W]^SH ;A!*8F$\6'DT^P&C*W+(*PM'+L



MO$:K6
]HQ
=*/1/ (4$((EVY%74OT#*9_:/YI7:^+@1&S]!ZP@+E
WB\H$%P
MUE1(.2;2&I=KM9NJ)M/C

S#./AFI9&;1ZW(ZN_0F





;9('F+PZ^\)A3TQ)A8WB1FO
<DT46#SI#RZ+I[8MJJ'VT;&M
M\Y95S.KE_G[?'8T/V#1&0


MLT@YG*#F3YI.?*NSSH;(9I[*@#2:3HF-KJ36E#4@?'W;BDD(E&8XK3$)JK!3

:2X_.=
H4S(5L2%+







F
M=3(JY:IO]3 VZ?!L1FNL[F\T-L)H156TK2)RGAQ&%2XLY-_@^L/;.S$;[H\X



:C.2C\M:

VOTM0LJP'LW+*UJTHS
VD6I'_=974+'.
!6O/L8ZL7&R4I=FE)



W/BE-;Q&35ZBN[MEP?4\DM5

^[ 3N?+B7KE2:)(^W :
M9(3Q#/YC
'#X7BB^#V;&VEQX:71IDHH\EX#NX?F3HNAEA2LSALC_4A8I*P^@


M

M./7%!#
DD= T+





8L.LA

MK=IXKS0CS-N\5)C0H(=:U)PC%U;6;
LFE;)=7:*-O'P&:H89'9R.82OUJRO*

+NZ+HWZMKC63B&+=G#
MVDH=$GEDZ==( \P:$@QX0;/5
HM19AE-&D3BM
M0!32++

*ZF*7
N]8/I\



+:W$EEY 2-$G@D+HW]8[\ZA_5[R

MV[&/J?9DHX ;6T '@5CU=)HTUWV9/U7)O'1E3:[\/$$0.:10F9]0/X.\/K:[


M-V?0+(^-4SI!P=..Y?P2(Y7V]*A?M!5J@)9N+-*3N1]0$PU(Z!BC;?9
.]M(
M@+/J^.5$E*? C\DR+;6?O$DP&&CU@1K:])+J[H+L =SY418I5FA;C?8N,?U
MN4BT&T?P:'#34-WF_$5#





-N

MC*0GW9UR00?E@^RJ6+.DGFER)4+QEE0+K3JT6L;EJ^RUON&!:VXJ^1*^C
M?V0
Y2EGOC;#'EBW:D71;SX8U:25\MDR+M4<M

I!KW

MB_BV#!\PTW)3L7%+Q8.W0

=_$*=I





-EN.IF9!4W-H92G3?P@IPQ=7MTZJ-!J:CAU;





GV0;DC



.RB9
MV8G'#LIF0=F)QP[*QD#9$6

-!ED)L'94?]]T_]G377/@[NN^D



@!%S0N;QHWR
3Y/S]IM)ODM![
MD5@ :..]@ZKEXL.!BW2'!
924\




M3S?L^;*;@;5[=V9_Z!X
?;P@M#DKQIN#4V]


MN!WU\H/!U!V






MDN#72TUW5T-:K4K]DB9KP.#EE\B+\\


MQGU2ZT.]^W;T-ARZD_N?_]HB]#7J: [V[[VCIT7H:\[1W/OHS!9AKCN5Y_;N
M3L


=L!OO .O<^

%.1=%&H?8?.]B3SK^

M@_FCJCF;W/BZYX8*BHP. UNT_^[J!C@[


_=D&[F
#)PQ].GWN5R6QBZ<&?'AQT%/<.[/1A

MW%J)[H_=Z?YE),^YD_BASHHOJ=$.@\F6?+_NYT?P@2X*G'ACH)\)3
@!H?

?@9WNMAOT/=)8
-N#*0H=]R


MJ3OIMZ(3X9&DUG/OUOF%GL?1T)U

?$B[.OPA?A.?[ND\A+


M9M6[ KU



M 5@ CXKEPR@PAITPD.P\Z7FO@'PH_WI=/\QD0T60Y*&^:5R5FYU8].(5O%


M1!U;4U_@WY' ?QS& 7!\FDM]M0ON'ASTIV/KZ&ZR[JY@O:T\&(P/)K/9K\$*





M@F=\(8(
@3J)ST'
;@9C[QHE.=B$=?N*NX%Q!^3X5:C&D
^+CTE\]DVDJYND

M@.3^]K

S]*
FQNNF/68#S8'X]*]'?5*B5[D(9QD&I0
MSEOV[K*4?MF)#PT

E5AD^N7W &$OW!6M*H479\7IR(]#WT!:WY;AFGPQ0/A


MB!&V


QJX#IZR*WM)_:47GPDG12=[+O(+


M
.L[U?5PJP3(QG:G.]GN:##;7'.SE+6!=Z)ZLZ^'-ZYL729S[2% I_O/.
MU

^8[!L1\^YHX'05\BH%-0+!
M*+OL3U$EH#])


MR)J52$F=K=
D*'S6.R#? E!7:3@OU+B!90(GZ16^L 8.C%[O.9\5. 3%V):D
M=5M0TIOU#R%G-



?V)WNSO]QPB=)[
MO9P





3S+
B@[N
M J1=M'G\[G;93842\:;TM@W XZ.3PY)0+LN(@729V-3*G$6([$;V&I+85W&&
M'@IX$[0RTELH

LNO0#E8
)MEYB5@O=XX V=
M ]UW)-IB$OUV%Q

M5^4M@SKEX(
BY[^P[N4ZG/B:ACJGGT/!L)I),0:'(S01WY9_A(OXLYXG^\





R*V3Y4@%&ZD@QSX7<ADJ^*<\W50%Z2@%[
M/DM(!.F#3'VB


.(WVU0 $![R!U*X5VCP4

D^)LZ61HW:'D7(0@\P2&=T$6R=Q1


MN

L$7WSV\P2C


AJ\+*L6*WM(AU%=$2'+I%4;/2
M9L\5(=5 -V+:!3VP(5Q]VW.\4B+Y$MA31MA*M18!Y(
O/!
\&4%?EI8A/

L0





$R8


Y -F/]2Z<6R[5S-()9+0]GKI$<4HJQ0ECJK#J


PYI^4R\=P
M&4-Q*
<
M#S!9A8RK

!(;RL'/ P6Q



&:5VJJ[B


MV048Z 15HZCY3U7\@)%SF^[.BC#0D72+K&/L!(A[UQ&Z
;/(LG

MN6PF!M(Y+ZW'/$6VGB$K=C*EL::L

23
M;%@%$H^09X&6



MF70QM.CBA(DA
1


[V0FO]2S;'L*9%
MS964\R=D\3&3E39-O!0H

MPU%6XR$ZXIKIB024

M?XU +U8.GT67!








M

%0&WJKF.N)NK&-S:*Z3:%Q8F[A_N;][(8J-?\








] ((O
MF

M




M
0%]1D8AN*T$




S3&=6]QEB[P*7JFM-M*T+0#$ORR:3B


W*;LK;%*#^4I&&MLG^FXJ

!T.&$,?DRQ[[7P!CC_%;$,7JFGZ
MH9[$LO!],Z,WG%;C,OJ<]0';-@?*%9^:ZH6FAXCH8<T7V]'5]OA4:88..@@









M9M_0FFY




J&X&(R(Y*D^Z/\$J

@/77_9KKLV5MW2J2W-+5_61



M:8TPU49A;$=2

MP)


=S&KF<6[F5?!.DHPF7UO#JS-]YPI= ;(..
FL



/8[AEBW#&@@
ZN%\


M5R%&]

QTK1Z/+!-'A:=D&)R0326E(


'0DV[@Z^
M-,Z+43;2B#Y?]+
\I@LG%A;IS)53TI+Q

B%4(W65U_PN4#!D
='JF4_$D
MJ%];B#3WGOOJOED*: 
@:9K:QJ&5[J1S3.P*O%/:-#C_*UCY/HI/DIN6Z[9
MFDTI6^YES
MGH&Z


MSA!E=TW+H*Q_P[UP9R/L#&NU8YHSQ[?.&(YD?U52A^S]4!2BAUP2 LE[JA$(

MO@M^]UR5 $T&;_$O:?(;V!%YGXF_/_

MX0RD =@'2PEX1-('BA$:B(%U1N /I'R7MA*3Y8275B&
;42HHDTK_HADR]Q!


-7
MFJV0NC'*IG

$\


MFS




M%


'C1('
M%
VHL3XH/C.HAF=HU F0'QBCF7=. 4!N[C@7LLE N]&2/4)=D.4Z)9]%:V
_



M\LYR!+
^OGU-!-

M*G?KXN)FQN\U ?'Z@*&
5E:=#!F=QVLQ)&M:5SV$*PH+:8'M!1O=R(&=/0V8
MU^JLE(H5$H/R.-

\H5*9




M+R2R4*O3Y?(4MO$N

MGG1URR5GE!VVR
WZS'A1-M8%2@]0TRTNHW23'5QGE\$T0NIHM)?QC]YC


%3#S*3I0S45



MJQ;:)#Z



S6W7OHBB;.VA/?_[B_X+^GN-Q=_R[S(@P^MW?A$&^1)A[O_EA5D4

MWL%H?S_[5UM<]LXDOY^5?<?4-ZD:E)%.21%ZB69F2J/D]QE
M-[-)33)W=9^V( JRN*%(+4G9\?[ZZP; -UFV99NT;GWPVQ$\^5!X^E& ]UH

M@T@L +QW/
6+]1;CEG21ML@V9:3*UA7&:@^6];I[^H6F)
OH0/@Q
HX?9!
?

YEM-(.2=(W[^GI^_??_APTUQI1^2ZJXI^
M:; L07R



2NY4P]0Z1K'!V





M[[.



M=]2V?VS][VH+UU43RJ4Y;!G#8V6S-0_^.R7(_M(_M8G/LO?33CN[6TM%DIM
M^^5;AH\-LO#?8L#GV-HW+$YB45S/4Y$'2[R6KGATU)!RK1_V7!;4'_:Z.MWH
M[EOBBE.A1EU!^K84Y:=G/.)Q($T*3O9G





W0SV
MICAL3^Q(O]!40^#.$; USAHNIGZAV=%IS9'&?HR1)@C2#?C-][4V/9%EO]0
M.AJ(ACK-0#1D0Y]1SY(ZDCO]5-R[W\3Q\6W1ES2,@WM$TC)&A$C/N+[1+;/

*2G65$-)Z +EKP&TEPQ6I-B\[R6X;VY8];BN?GSA@.F S



ML'=4F'X

%*3[)?JJ1CI





MH-_- /@]




-.,ET:#GCR2O5+3<N[@-@O=:N8CEW6F_W,)/F31@

JQV90MN0S@)*!'
MDHL5IDND.IBX  =%6C


M!IWD

3!1](
M8B$'Q)8FI-\:_BDN0NO#IU$C83*4_ UER)[RUXHQ'+N6 FPBIL7-K4:S\*


M$.C@.

M+#!CXRSF6VQTB[?[\^M--CCC?/WFG9CE[\(LB))LDXIOP/K?(F#6K__Y'YAE




M]DH8JS+82E^C_2RV.P JO8TNLMC8G3+82B@=9K&1 37/@%(V_9B,;&UEVP]
M@/RL5NCZT0O=EVUY/K@3KPC=2 DI3(:!\(6RD'IUSR),8:P=AGF6%A#68
ML
K[#BO\S27&=6:Z-+I-H+AH&IFZ5
M
OCK/D%N&.O@


MR9(B+H7


M65)ES^#-



M[\#P?

M;?.%(.1VO!*ES-MS1GXS#]KRO(F6A3^R'+LA*P^$
QI=R=LCM3%4;:Y21
9'
M
A[A; K
:!$V04/J@S

K[S-?<U4Y\!@D1?J+O6RG#+JW-!/SRG<@WJ


'=)*IK:('ZL15Q
V(#05;V%@M$E $U9







:'Y^#PZUHO'.L^J5AK


(UM5D RU1_N R29EI^\_





NDCIP+4%1?L(WZ1;<+\6A7OJB]H1_A=K03/2C](





M9KC\6Z#_/-G
(G$-_]UCU^]

M*1G7*HP9OI'P9;Z@3]3@3%9)$3G5&.)!XLV4(Z-6P11IA$HL.2N_;XR42S





5





[:.1V:NU
29VM:156==2@@J
MKP\ZB3+[GB*S;_=<_*95JWZM__0$39!@S\6_'(V.9+<<MY(A+LZUVLQVU[/


\RV-?9 &.&4IJ'


M]ZVIXSU;



E!:!U'ZUXC:TC[G]8VCY'HUT3[7R]_S.


M)ZDZ7V5Q?5UOPSN-1MW'&75;C1X:HN$]&G;UF08ECBMJ++.3I:(W==_P'FM!

MYF1^SN





M$7(&Z?P1

MA\4^Q2B

M*H+K6(!&Q(





M3H\
Z-G80=[JP]&M=6Q:_='HR/CSG_[M7PWZ[_V_'Q\;5PBZSH4QP/;QR%OB
M7XT)V
 +XQIZD(  DU^-3\ -60G^?#D?TS_C]B^



H4N CSP^
M9Y?PG2K4$1^=1(#2ZA(BOHZ1D4IJ@,Y/!_:+U;X_H0*'[OY?%I[_B\EZ*'
M_O$*@&U690G\NZCI!


M8;(9P4(7:J]KR%PT1)!Y\@( %G!@'5X?PML6-]@.G YV$ZOJ@)24I8V7:+
MZ B!?_RGO6TR;9!:7?8+]0NU'9/(.?T $8
EI-SQEZ 0IV;#223?21(P
Y



/!C

MV9\WE[WQ2ZGA_^FJ+C)Q^=/E=

M6@&VOS 

!]8!L&X?4
M;?%6
RI
&\%$0]_3@%J/;YC71$



&P%LA.JR+0A5*U9(]





M].9F%-OJ*-.0XOKX:3+L?3(H[_!7A
I\+T3[5PA5!M-*'B'1H+\W-7)4G[

MH=$?


M%@7 '4/@P^F=BU8EPU !5 M;B.GZYFRT



M+^G'.[OHKUI96112TPWPU/H30M7:=1CCE[CASNJFL!RPD*\2-)*\$+86U@HZ
M+^-LE: H8;Y0+5\A



M6IGCZ;PFOB.)
( !0*X_ 835O(??G940&E1K68ANGR4[D1!A9%1TMFNHT@^)
ME.KS%FB6I5N-P@49&T?%!/M=2YH;E7#;7]M_A>QA9=;M^Y4IKB*M65]-=
MP0
FBM2CX0T_/\[&E?BZ4JH4M

MN0I!+7DAGI=*_M#7A64)SJ#+@6K9U&V9&&BZUV_0K(]I=Q[-8(78N)JP1N]
M@^BARO348JE5(5EMKE3%P0@5C@)5^SM5&I%2+9
JXJ
MB=



NJK9I

I!:\G7'F@]FGC_*+._^M5AJ-=0?@#Z
@=K-L^4H08VC5D?S(]*'\:$6
8U$]S1


M4ZAA@\=_)G*BMIY 3X-'DIKTE&+-25R1=95WK*OT7G\G
4\CY
E4E#H?BG9?
M








0T/JIV' /LFB Q4+932M^*!]/WKZ3TY^ ;HO
MU=20
'#4SK-3K2!Y?WK_V*%
(X E)/0;T1HX_6N#PDW*2A505V;ZF'9J5@NX

M=N:YEI$
;0]&_MCN59P 1M[PT5X#;P6O

Q

M!!T82&X-\%:2FXP$9IHBZ\!8MO>%:@![-NU
2<Q8\=P5*:\VXS
M72YP -P&:JJN\\14V3-UNQ%;F&
I%R[0$HI;[EYI2#LO&=-26=M69T;P!OD^
M)CNV;E!.55? -.WU28##/&'JXS-CS[[JNHGTBBF':J26.\Q?
6D




M)
_A%#80%%9F]ZFCZS#@SX5?TQAKC/V



MER4.L4SZ
0Q=OQ:ZC@+=.^P1L$'49
M-MP0%8OUH73JP0IBBQ!]Z%T\X IZBQ-Z%T367A,JQUFDUBKPNYRS+15<#6
MJ?[HW]G<C%@L:9V^9'6+F_^XPM:I9)%-OA17)K8I@'-Z!^IIX\V%-OAZ:Z$
MMTY[E-KP0+PQ

0F-\37BS[#7&KC1T+$-:IY=&X2:+PH78

2$[$$
MT#JUF3=B81L!UUPN 2*^-)!KAMHZ1Y&8DVM4)0K@(:W3RR^SEVFNA+9.]]0S
MMP2Y=)XOSOILZYK,/VB$VSI/7'I-\!,4\-9I'T X1JNUD#7B2C6@D\\'6)6

MY+?4IY:O\V+;=O!+G) =(^;Y[#C,TYR$X.UANP68[1?6K\A.S. %L]6L



M//)
2$':

KNHH6LI3S0DTO\&%#/W)



JY5(VC'%[WZNTUYS?.U8

M2P


Q7V-A
M;YX;6S575MSV[H1?N],_P/K,VW3!\66XCB)3](SC2[G

MQH0B%5Y\Z:\O0%U


MMR='!O*=P

N1'QS]]L\__\D@?S[_I=
Q



M!-.P-@@7^!&Y9A0!(@FG:8V6(*G$A,KP[(VM=*312GLQ:$G$+3^F:U($8D
M.CY1_RN=ICAM:QPQ'IG%71*H8S*MS4/;CVP'-*3+)6L



CJA]?539:QS;W@B1


M#:4(T+E+--T= ;2A'6(3 .4&QC+QK;(96\+U\?U?^H5@+E]N$OB92%+MJ$
M#:;GD+X:KE955:%:+TTD+$!?$4LT IL1H!H_9D5T'*B]HT! ENM5+)] ]H
M-;%$@Z# E@.(-I:G@MU.*M8TO.Z!^+IM :PP2F#R3122#QG1):*-+%& /BD1
M:1)6J2_*9)H$!D]$ ;(M%.ZKA^6J/358V*\*'MY#&PMLX B#]] B:+#)#^BJ







+K3GX1!BN9

G2IEJ%QG[6C:
M[@9&SZ@A1
FE8%2]5TH51&_]R

%BC
'ZZ]NQ-

%D]8C


:ZM!%K_==@7G[\7V
MJA-'


$\2

4(9R;6'4?-&&HZBVG$ROSE'(6K ;J-


]S

+)
MBL
0;2QHJ[I254Z!+RF0RJ/MB25X#9679P#PV)JLV[_R1TL6^'3[
[.T21
MR






M:L'JVJUU.?N NSW ETTR+^Y8]913DV5DDY2^$]  1^L@LKW+
$CHN-B\X
R]


MYHK2[T%%:5J3SG;Y=X




=I

MSJIL



^F:LX4LA'U E,T%Q2:,X5L!:/7C5YC.TYE+T$B]Y81NT7
M/DT6
[ST\0([=
6\J?

)9M!RP7A'8
MA?6=
&K.9L-YXR;+?T

C;NB
MR&%[STRKD_EP9ER;O]

M3\WQS.RW

]([M[







@Y2[Y=QM?:?);-K&18F0!;R*_:\A%^

VI
V,
M^G)M2KAB0C9,K1:#R+88)26'$\?JU%M91QYH(+)EQ.H&:0MY!C[._]A7B+9
MWU7A%/E=7Y *9R6[PJ1[9^*7/OL[(-XK9\O+A5#+-\^=:Q @_BUV*E+
!W




=YA7]SZ?IU=67





MF)+*0-+O$E%V@N%\N*;C$V%%:#B^E'IPP_DDQ/8WVH(
E1TT=VPGE ;)E2[$

M;S'+K$2$BJ@X-'*U2CBT\&EQ!3BCTG=)Y1:^&CV+XB/61DE0'M.(&-J2TB

M^(Q


ERO!+Y#!*/T]CR+++K-Y02Z[%@!RQ0].TO2
M*B-LPL380:'EN



^$,M(%A82D5V,<H<+VD+):4E:^ZB6[-@I)5T2


M_/

M^PCM%8&X3Z0E/Q._)LN,Z,KLL96OK%]P!;H#JJ+[2-\+LW!QSZS5\1LSJW@
M*:8TBX6EK4FW:/YX1*Y8;#[#9T



MZX. I










M+LKR
 %RF2D$K3=
D#SV(ERL
AH;P)?TT C!!ZG1'$'81F]EV6&WKQ)!' U

MXH-.LF
CHW&5N(+@@_NMFI
--J/#F

C9[FR;






MMR$/F1&*T;@2O C@@]3D#2$ '\#Q^\F_5DZT CX!9MM*&)N/'K2UWG5^R[:C


MZ&Z=-)^G+:M$&!


M]88
X


-M*<%QQGG9-$69R


M)T
O?\
M4HB'41B$ED?W




'%X$EV;^UHD?XLMI_(U55^R?1@\N] E9[VV&P






]R0#ZC((Q'5C:^



M
?UK=U#X]+G9TTOL9!XC34TXO0'!VFU


I25.)H[!]=V/_\OJ&SKHXU ];'.HVHAV0=R
M?X^<8&-F;EDH4,#L@E /4T[N
62W\D2PE1X2$)43TEHD04B EC6LX0E%%

-1-
M*)X]DYT%A0R7ZB@




M*C\+*@*1E;M\G:+*%/.Y8R-IJIC-=96[RT\4K 9$DY+R=P&RWR[P\^4
.92A
1\8<B0$R<AAZFF/
M+ I /*D8^LZ@B?K4P_G1KZ298LA6CBQ0!]6;,.)OR#T'3M$
]D3]AP)DZTO
M@UQU3N+S7F7%L(5;1X KCJ)546@X_($I+@MQ;D^YOBDST,_=ZX!%5)(6K
MK@18MJF8E*+7S!-G]DE8@?;S0=.O=5\SS.8; 5Z@1LMBBLO4%O1Z]/YQ2Z.

WV*(-9/$\E

OX/5;FL^
M/1!FB(V\10!F6A7*75



ZC\WRI


MCXA_WD//ZDDI]] SS]*Y-S#JH[6JCM;J/6A4'ZVMC];61VM_C*.UFB:JPH[6

MV6M%Z[S'.N_QSY3WN

9[6!:1N46(@.\*/U%+*EG




YQ%B

MXAIQU(< RF[-JDF?IBEVJ][*:ZHIOR1D71 R.ZY6++WZN

R2



M/\GT$+
C*CGL8=ITRU'AH
# 6@DW1#


M+&
M\RFMA'E1# ,T&3' 3[*QP$:32WQT$
YE
&!4JLBAB$M)M)ZI J1$\/B$^F





!/T)85\Z80!]B3B:VPFE8AU@WB+BO.G73_#T!X
M


CY6.S @E?(&[0QJJ3O?8(Q/F,K*:/34W+VEQ63@$'S?RQ
M,#,+TG33#<G85243'\.&7;NB#S*.T\W?+RJ0#HN!!LTL.I$W#CXYL5GN2UW

Q:M)BW






M?$U






6NUI;SA@7\9C





C(%+.-L8Y2[HX-MG%*; ?%./%*
JM

29 L8S)$,<'!]JCD<?L \
MLORA'RL[BS_R$?)C-:28@H0KQ1I?9!!Q2&&.\NFC@[O:H5D$X
MS(8*VE%Q

M1Y%O+ZT C7S'AKR:=$/#;0L!!BV;=YE=T.T@9EL7A@S:5_$-2\EO9V(QR[:?

!8

MQ6N]G5=)5D1MZQL*XN4[8&IF6\/-S
$
FECO?G&7C'SAZST*EWC6\YY1$-=5





PHL


[C*)([DWT-Q?Q6Z(I07=.6




M[QVC
/(]T;HFV=)@8W



MU2C


?^UT41C[B#&KI
M'3ZY1QE
Y7DJ@5PGEN
IC'4A1B6QV/A.-Q<EJE)L/Z(.FS?6=/?#.=C
MM,8^G0+;1-<%]@5U;\Y\K-F'!978S+1S!+1N$P.RZ$B:0$S/44(U!.$LBAH:
MTRR59

M?6$XGSZJ!UTN0Q-[B;$KP46R80&?59%F3T$'+:RYE#X-/MY;GK6(.\AFC2:J

.6U9DPV:GK8X;Z2K?FOEK8




!S3VSEZ@VEWW)U
ZVLZZNC0GRDZM

MCFVY_
@/1\3LJ(Y05]
\R^/)V934UU[9<Q.:M07:5Q)$5H.&3ZRR.]M79*Y#KU'9Z:]2;



V@'K7UD.YO+\-#:1;%M
MO5EK1?

I]7



+:,I?%)A<2)#A,5:5
M')D<3U7$H\F1TQ/0HH L[FFJ*GXN^'R8_J.XO&MCORIB=76[%D)ULZTB/4Q
M4GH24#36P1)ZIB..K7FDI%4U;B)2QXW)T]#9_%7H5F0]4XFPXPNN0C9VNTW9


C Q-S X
S%?;&%B+GAM;-U]^W/KN)'N[[?J_@^XD[V;F2I[YCPF








=T




M0B7XS1@W59GE#?@@#S5/H);X)LS(^+4I3Y/J65?JJSQ;JW^_?D:92NKGY*%M

2J
_OXM0^PAK9.BB=YN'T]-/]%_]92(FB6;H[Y7P
M/_[CFZY5?WRA$RJ\QFEY'^(T(&Y^]A(7$HLELBY9HX3;)XY0$ QW5.C&]&E$
MT-^I$!#:]
A_9NIFSCR[F3
C-W

M]KY($;W*Y-^[\2/?Q8(IUCK%88W^-'ZII4TPN!F
.9A11D;U+!R

A501ZM=$6B8
BDQB=8\S)IU(H#\TQD
M6-W@O'R]);!+

MDEOM$T2U03FYQ6H5A]C

M8T+UJ_B%_B6.^Y@HN!R@]

^1#.E7'Z.'G$


M5!!UDM


E
W:G4=QDJ;9OQ7+.NE@%L^UID1


M_GP?$T-










M@=EG

G_XSSAZS-W2P.*
@QBM/#S= BC^(TR%^K

'G:](3 O+DR9)+L



75?_;(([F
M:7W.7^DG-#I.U_8F\ =K?96=SK9H.1B :T.HDJG\[2YT@.$:6&X76_9R?M%
M^81S.J/-\1-.B_@9S]
P6XLCC3OH.V6@K5D#-IHJPV&F)6*.I9T^8@V@JH73
MN@E4M8&^O





M18J7G[/E4[8MR#+T/GXI
58DS=+K.!N23.&W@Y1.P3MS;%!R_
&;K]';$T1=

MA7&0S%:K(




MAPLQ\6F#


$8ZY



M-N;T\93*(BI\XN#$R_S\7#$2=5^Z&X3&@+KQI_D&2IH3(:I=R[3Y?)YN$\?(
M!W





D4(F*W
M4WRP8T: 1!3


 OK.D[QG/RIO8'6$_3
7RWM(5*CC.$:,X&3=$T,E^?'2! 83<3H9)M' =/Y$09MSH/B26);]97;

M=QCNLG)YW6
JM


MR1(1N#XY^M^#X80 %+=/W8C X
!@AF^ROXCM*NGYSRH
QH^@;3Q9
LO29M
M!(6#I1


'OQPI)'+@W$N!B#'
M]+J*7\A4N:(5FUO#X-8\+0G*F

M*G-CA@.87@\


M )^R)



#''DV
:



M3$HHZ9)SJA]B@G$P#!*CHV+.5!)D(/A'0%M- H.!#T,?P*@@G&O)P6&)E)H
M7!B 5FEH:7+2[/+#X,L%7F$AYCQC-.MQKO(A-U&LU6 A[%LD208_BCA\7'L
M2IB
3TP:!GF



9GQ0E'7Y8=D8





V^-'
M


MAOT_*JHD=L&V?
KR^%\X.D%OZ=?OOV-?TPEX*Q33S
X1^RSKDMZ=H*!43-SI


MEV723F/T:LB#0+U8%
S;H






/=
MKA7'QQEV

&$Y)@(U)TX@1=E1R



B



M0$G&2C4;$ZR1]DJN(60EL2I1N*0:X#
B5+5Q!)1



$7F:6?XVNU?%--
]/7


MT

U7S(0A\@5PYD2QYF#SY


M&\4ECB37I:TTG?')SI265F9J
-AEA540]RRR)([8T82VI0(M5JAK#
::K$XL




M@:W:VM5#EWI!MT[M2WI9]_-0A2O^3@S6I4PY0/E2O\IG@;Y

M

Q)Q



05ESVT:@

M(GPGGX;5 (&C=GRX(NX[?DRK$H+AZS(/TB)AWWP(XK2@MDMW; __
V[/$SS
MD(;GP[[&V#F'1





[K\5N[4$YD78

M-




B?D3GY X0T/3C-(TE6CN$@


_4)UFJX];T&*ED1[POX/)X 0^L?YB@^Q9&

M8=P&JE/E$X9[

V7

-[4 1WG*518:?PB!)B6NCOC=X_
M8)-C 


MR5)&+;

MX+:N12;HG1(FZ/2Y%&GR+E#+2S)(YK0DT@6N_NW-XL^KT_2:1:-- XXS#ED:

DLWA3!0]

M$]?!(X) 2NUQ1LS3Y_)TII,?T\WD#'+]\$\-5DZRG 9QH/EJ]T4$F\0N57


#


.GH6[$+RM-#%3S4]4M%W:G=+9JBU!%3:-E&JV^!UIR!DJP<C
M CDRPRS\6O!IZ 8L#3PN*G$ %
OWY+QHHO6VSP(3M4[ 27&:#DXTCL*&HHQ






L0X8L4S]7L$)HH^6*HW
M1
1.N1:TM9XQ8O Q?_.A8^^Q!^KD8;\)PE'
E^6XM?-EN&.]Q-:K. W2\ !Y


M%_=%1)T#E

N


M410789(5V[RJ2]A$N



MR$Z-@C

M@0T1OBCOR8MR


V=K%K%[2Z4'OQP


8ZX!W
D;0V;7AMTE@=#_M

AFZ


M*PQZG=-.3


M:? -R/CW
4ZSG



M?_EW7O((1().

^.W+HHS702E-R3L6<LDP


?43



8DK99+0AF:




M52:+:F$@[
2/-'IYAS=9;GLBT%#7*2=MS!G0T401#A







M*/6*_4 MNUN_'_11=*OY@S0+@^L'M46X*?[


TYP(Y&!Q0
M@Y



:&V.3A=M T^W9
/5<'P[BDPT[*,WJU(RXQNS,TMO)J2]/_S-9TSZS*%'7Y
M0D\<JV.CT_R$C\G](1^.: %PB/;!O(3&



MB#J

3ALC,51TQA(K0UK2&&G!X) -5*[21*.+\II<8:4]55E5X9K
M\9#$CU7= OVTWE#176#%QI NM&*B!8-5-E#Y#
A


M#.)T%JUZ?P


58\
LWV15]:+[


KV+BO#(1A]#(8/2#=^\C

M([


NZ+7'2X


0(JJ4)12X%A



GYF!]1%'6*N_?
[-QWU0]51*7ZDBZ)K
M17_M@)T_F5

BC=BE15/FB+W 9Q(GR&.Z.#3GSR'L9
PKHD6K 'KU M#T-:9G

/3UH$

M



M%

P:R7$M)I(1^^^]Z2^('F]CM?B [4C <?^8 1LY!'J
M;V%TNPB2VLDKV1MM_9W3I8=6.#O

8%4PNB)('$49Y
MQS88++O.@K1GR V6,4LDZ))-<J!]!O%28%@CA39FA7L$04&3V9)DGVF-_2N

MT+=&PTZOT!(JW




MR' X

 HN2'3\

MU/L5QW-9-L!
:;4(N5NKS&W5)7Z!+E7[W)
P=2CBTJ&(
MP/6=0O][

M[\_1N+_#0?Y\G-VD$?5M@67YB-S=V=WW=1DGJ(7L#E'XZ6R^3GI2E2=FT-
M.)_[)N_):-K4

:-[\ 6$



 !N;$3/C6AU8/#&

MV&=I5.=);A)O5Z.?9


M6-T%49S=E]7I.F62)0

.M-$M2JZ/5C2

XS2


MX(@\B]=!QJ

M'&7)1L5










ODX82[@[S2N$UIWC'7P-HUN%F'@O7 E-NP*\PYMJSVZQ



MNG[+@1E6:#=2].Z


M!4+.^ED*L.UH3@)&3\M@C;NZEJ.EDD!=2*7L)
MD

OU



M!3XXABR5!L
Q+43NBM86N]I$F3WF&$?4#8L*5(E%W


*

M:


MT7%KR\@JY* T[]H#3?.QV7O1O&GLZ&D^
@1N*7([RY9/.

MR7FC=^=XUY;W$


%.:W3C
UG@9



Q?R



M8++.1 

M (M6W
=;K$WD(S'&34 )VNT'?Z)I\0&X6



M$^Q-D=]5;Q.PH*#1 ?:6#&
T=@%5$&%PBY@V%/=K!M-ZN_R &W=O;7;NW@+8
MNN

MX6H5%L()F-*/0.G5G4'*BN(\R//7599_#O)(%IVT:L$K^?2F*;DH5X=+32UF






MS'9L%PEY][XZ9./N;T3)NK*2G715&6SB
DA8EI7%0Q(_#A8LRB.2QJKNUI5V
MQG0+2S
]&$RR \O7HV/:B*FCGCZTDY9]
\6YMRZVNGN

6\PRMDT


MO2
*@6F-$-_
:%HFAZ;=S<)?[I\\H3F1;$5E

$N F




M5:TRZMZ36OT$]1KPU(5D.=Z]XK.RS..';4G7)LN
M-CI\($]NT2L2$Q8KF&-N1'LV


K8+N^G )M0)VY


L&D_QA%OY%OJ

.Q7[D+BO)NU(@Z#53A

M)0$V$TT ?;4C8(6O[!HX0;2):@Q#72


MPRZ+
EX')2;H;FF-ACBD\ PV!.U: -1].P+GBL6V+]@):EJB?8QZ;9U
MV3GD-] 



K%F?C;3A])Q=8B/0
M/=0':-8K1
R\I5AJBV7P0F 0T3B)6:)8L@:*<+0-RYC@JB^:7N&(V

KIKR=PVF EJC.<
\C-.R#KB8Y:63_Z.MYO5%E?$+V;.+9^-XA06G0]A+BD=3WY




M_G.G'[KOAL$B_%-GY*S(SYW/)1DX31GSJ_.'[*?A/^\V9R1_^Y_=S/G8_?


_.2QC]'G_KAK#JIF$:

LDF2LI/]

M5]^^QO-O=L;/+!B%/IF018?]E_K&_JN+E\53Z#

M^2!(O&3# (M667NI#EF%3Q%9_.6;N1L[[Y@#?/?3]JO_!I%--FO:.V)OM?:I






?9)
MXGA^/'(B)OFLWA\U_ZFS3)3YQT^9*4M5G+/98'CJU&4X6J6K@EXM)A8L0%\1
M2QAL%-B
 -'F5U9 RXG*&VL0V&I*01/+/Z#5Q!(&&P6V'$#4V#H5['92
=/-

M0PL0-70JI.^$$&E#(2'P;DPB9.P



M#%W:FCEKT:WO+/GF+Q4!FOTC)K-SM;1A[EX:



MT4O6ZGZA

D- .1H;T1]YX55:A4-8R- +CRA$H

M($%$+((




M)A22G%K.0AR_-@$*B* PW&L49B[*_6DL] )DQY+08DX7SZZ'QX9K:B2Y
M


M^((2'D%QV^LI'62D&N
 97^7E'J-&(OC4M9R%VI P-
/A^6/M  NHBPF*M29



$(
M?GDH



=LY



R3H,MVD8W31YB/O7X?8J12[
MJI!MWK93
Q\
M:XGCW'0Z.L.3\0^%$1NU<_'+^M\%D





M9^W8^O1=%


XX)A!1B0Y





M:5(L2ZI8Y?_I[I%0*=TKW\FC)(' -?5+M8U?3LR^V
%QHU--1==WAIU+:N
MQ!:

&;K)AB<1T5M9Z?6
M1Y.CL:';/[NK^D+SLE+E0K933+4
RU






MH-G



)$8 CYA


MXR0;[MBCUVX8N%[V



71=BOC-=P6$4?H+U.._N

=#YIB++1$/JDJF9HBL]11  _X@LM!;
M](:'B-!%Y1SP/H=*TGHBH0%/X%OG+?K!
'BF%J:+&KT!X4C








\Q%M T



M6






MC.0R4(R
Q9V

M1]P._TG7:MWI=#![X_.$




B

[H0?^A.9D/:/V:3

@58/TZVG


.KT[=AKRQKN

M8U

BDGLJ.M4

4B

N47L^\KJ8$G'X]L_
?NV_^9Z.]\'0;J+IKDU^PV*\;O
_9

MOS2


M4_;Y6I5!':*M$;@3+(S#1;ISNG)-O)@]:!_&&@L#I2 4^K;&XH6PP'S/F=;
M8XLHDH V];(G
I6.! =.%' #M(?2)0-0F!@E8)0?-L:F -:SA1??Q@1JD0O



GB A.R#J




-[(4;ZP9L

MN+R$_))FENBR%JL6Z3#91M-



M6/GB?78
+#R7
M@&$2%+?&Q7DR2%+]FX0H)NZWR_#Y_9QX#)V/[ <&RL<*/17[+IS]H*?&T;K


MSF[AZU@[%[#VD



52\LK;C


WA
+NF
R5S]##O^/

O]#U1&F[@K+VGCC0

M@#

W
M[!M(5RD9'<F.BF0C&?YS88BLM:/Q@9Z#64Q ;MGLF;NOB6SUNKP4'G;IUH:
MN)196'4
U##WH(U$338



(**VR03JXP(W#(YI


M1@7EJ&4ZDEBH2NO)G\
5]U. \2
MMG[Z 714/GX0P^#8YAQN_A+)[=?C4FTY3^3IAF-M/B$N\9ZS5\]E#$ ?ORNO

K[FK+%*MKF8#=&YW95=5#\SY'81PK[WFKY&QR]:BQ



\;6/0VPXT[7O2<
M6'@!NO!WV_$)V+6BBD*&=LZC\-OQXB9




=?*O7U3A


M9OL\KP8


6
PW'K






M%($N3


Z9FN7
IV

L.AG^$:











0AU;%XK;IITZP=85I<]D:W;



[^XK09Q P=

T
M?E%


M1D61QB71U;1UU;F)_*)0^_Z$RK[G2T@\?%*1:
LK W3H!@1Q)J:-JTJ7YQ7
M$&I:%.FT8DT-F38+K@69,1P_/UOIA=$ZC++?2:T-E(4\ D# %KVP)%7U7UQ

M#F7R-*]
DX
ZP9R]W0+9-IKY&@X?X/IO.1!C1'\S.]49;53LN*R!JJ4 OZCM

=8-B'9




)-L&QBQ
$'E+NDKWM[UNF[([H3J.%^PW\B$&7HOM*5IK





M'_YN^T@/=O!=40AAG*]/R)VW?%)Q'!T7LAVA@N8=\%0SQAAU9GZS-Y[4(5IZ
AQJK'S'9B95?H:
O-=N;_DEKVJ 34F,8_S!C



M2]X/+2.:$NA@=$:8/1'-H*A4 FIO%.]! '1O)1\E
FZO\X1
#?*E7J/@4+1#

MB
B)$

0SFWK
W3QU?/@$*
MBN

MSG:24


 %:

PWJZ8.L;V9-SDF(:L$GD[5]





M&W74
3JLW3HN6_W(*'&/BUB_




C5S*.KT%


$K
M;)UE S[*B77E@&'A=;3L
)[]FFZOMELOV*MH'\NOHDUGX][?_CJ^ZP\FTW__




M&L+D

;EC8ER8D2:-
 J*F]D3Y#7/-N+5*SOK)
MFL9V&(!C&CI1[A\BV@]34R.A@9^_1)YLT@0 M#&]X3;[Z9)LN$/6S3[P
M9JU8IDWV0&Z[C?IP@3&/?PLZNV]<*M028D^;F^'=]'R-M8X[^);(X&RSP;8

:K69VMC-G:B'$[\$FV;#^)HI[ZPV#V$OY*'&YLM99!


19)#)F@?HU6LN$M^E559/B




M+*@][C:



1V!FO (785V2;EL. 0QS9L

M[!.2&


M%QE(
PC0#'-F%Q_:V03U1CK@FO[3M@\$9



MV]\6V')89@UK_Y0D=-!AOQ'L/+:2:D'+5VWK8 55#=-
DOM5SW?H$DE*U?'#



OV0R#



M;RN#)%;(3#BE/WB8??F;='=R7




EN/%PG





M\6^@ZH WO_5KLAV!.:/KO
'GO:&:JU_UUJ_)]LLKY_2
L



M]S


M4GE*


9NKY2($JFG^9ZFF CGW'1


M8W-A+3(P

Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *F+DDL[^
'-!1$  
_9   5

end



