

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-13-000690
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cono Italiano
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001307701
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				841665042
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51388
		FILM NUMBER:		13764921
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KEYPORT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07735
		BUSINESS PHONE:		877-330-2666
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			KEYPORT
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07735
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tiger Renewable Energy Ltd.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080212
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Tiger Ethanol International Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20061128
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Arch Management Services Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041102








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]&nbsp;ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For

 2012



For
the transition period from _________ to _________

Commission
File Number: 

CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State of other
    jurisdiction of
    incorporation or organization)
    
    
    Identification Number)


10
Main Street
Keyport
NJ 07735
(Address
of principal executive offices)

(877)
330-2666
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number)

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Securities

 par value $0.001 per share

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definition of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:



Large accelerated
    filer
    
    
Non-accelerated
    filer
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No
[X]

The
aggregate market value of registrant&rsquo;s voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (as defined by Rule 12b-2
of the Exchange Act) computed by reference to the average bid and asked price of such common equity on June 29
 2012
 was $0
04.
As of April 12
 2013
 the registrant has one class of common equity
 and the number of shares outstanding of such common equity
was 107
233
087.




    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Market For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
Exhibits
 Financial Statements Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
following cautionary statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements made in this amended. Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and in other
reports and documents published by us from time to time. Any statements about our beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 expectations
 assumptions
future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often
 but not always
made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;are expected
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;is anticipated
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimated
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). However
 as we issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 we are ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned to carefully read all &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth under Item 1A and
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce
publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect
future events or developments
 except as required by the Exchange Act. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Unless
otherwise provided in this Report
 references to the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Issuer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Cono Italiano
 Inc.

PART
I

Item
1. Business.



The
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 9
 2004
 as Arch Management Services Inc. A change of control of
the Company occurred on June 5
 2006
 and the Company changed its name from &ldquo;Arch Management Services Inc.&rdquo;
to &ldquo;Tiger Ethanol International Inc.&rdquo; on November 24
 2006. On February 11
 2008
 the Company changed its name
to &ldquo;Tiger Renewable Energy Ltd.&rdquo; Another change of control of the Company occurred on June 4
 2009. On August
10
 2009
 the Company changed its name to &ldquo;Cono Italiano
 Inc.&rdquo; and its trading symbol changed to
&ldquo;CNOZ.&rdquo; On August 10
 2009
 the Company conducted a one-for-sixty reverse stock split.

The
Company identified Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (&ldquo;Cono Italiano (Delaware)&rdquo;)
 as a business
venture that would be suitable for the Company&rsquo;s future operations. On November 12
 2009
 the Company entered into
agreements with the shareholders of Cono Italiano (Delaware) pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and
outstanding shares of the Cono Italiano (Delaware) and now operate Cono Italiano (Delaware) as a wholly-owned subsidiary of
our Company.

Our
principal business address is 10 Main Street
 Keyport
 NJ 07735 and our telephone number is (877) 330-2666.

Our
Business

The
Company was previously party to a joint venture named Xinjiang Yajia Distillate Company Limited (the &ldquo;Venture&rdquo;) to
produce ethanol in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The Company&rsquo;s board of directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) determined
that it was in our best interest to initiate a withdrawal from the ethanol business as of January 31
 2009
 and assess alternative
businesses.


    
    


On
June 4
 2009
 an Affiliate Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Stock Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) was entered into by and between
Gallant Energy International Inc. (&ldquo;Gallant&rdquo;)
 the owner of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (prior
to the Company&rsquo;s one-for-sixty reverse stock split) and Lara Mac Inc. (&ldquo;Lara Mac&rdquo;)
 an entity controlled by
Mitchell Brown (who is now the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Board of Directors). Pursuant to the
Stock Purchase Agreement
 Gallant sold all of its 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to Lara Mac. The Gallant
transaction with Lara Mac resulted in a change in control effective as of June 4
 2009.

Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Board appointed five individuals to fill vacancies on the Board. These new directors commenced
their service on June 19
 2009. The Board also appointed four new officers of the Company.

On
June 22
 2009
 Lara Mac entered into a Management Services Agreement with the Company (the &ldquo;Management Services Agreement&rdquo;).
Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement
 Lara Mac would render to the Company consulting and other advisory services in
relation to developing strategic plans for inception of operations
 corporate management
 the operations of the Company
 strategic
planning
 domestic and international marketing and sales
 financial advice
 including
 without limitation
 advisory and consulting
services in relation to the selection and retention of candidates for senior management of the Company and its subsidiaries
 prospective
strategic alliance partners
 preparing acquisition growth plans
 identifying prospective merger and acquisition candidates
 developing
value propositions for the Company and acquisition candidates
 analyzing financial implications of potential transactions
 advising
on negotiations regarding terms and conditions of transactions
 outlining and managing due diligence issues and due diligence
processes
 introductions to prospective customers
 selection of investment bankers or other financial advisors or consultants
and advice with respect to the capital structure of the Company
 equity participation plans
 employee benefit plans and other
incentive arrangements for certain key executives of the Company (collectively
 the &ldquo;Services&rdquo;).

In
exchange for the Services
 Lara Mac received 9
553
377 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (these 9
553
377 shares were
issued prior to the Company&rsquo;s one-for-sixty reverse stock split
 and accordingly
 Lara Mac&rsquo;s ownership of 14
553
377
shares was reduced to 242
557 shares pursuant to such reverse stock split). The parties to the Management Services Agreement also
agreed that Lara Mac may render other services beyond the scope of activities which the parties contemplate as part of the Services
as to which Lara Mac shall be entitled to separate compensation that shall be negotiated in good faith by the parties on a case-by-case
basis.

The
Company identified Cono Italiano (Delaware)
 as a business venture that would be suitable for the Company&rsquo;s future
operations. On November 12
 2009
 the Company entered into agreement with the shareholders of Cono Italiano (Delaware)
pursuant to which the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Cono Italiano (Delaware) and we will
now operate Cono Italiano (Delaware) as a wholly-owned subsidiary of our Company. As an inducement to the shareholders of
Cono Italiano (Delaware) to enter into the exchange described above
 Lara Mac agreed to the cancellation of these 242
557
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and termination of the Management Services Agreement.

Cono
Italiano (Delaware)

In
March 2006
 Cono Italiano LLC
 a New Jersey limited liability company
 entered into an agreement with Kono Italia S.R.L.
 an
Italian company doing business as &ldquo;Pizza Hands.&rdquo; Kono Italia S.R.L. owns the designs
 recipes and technology for
the &ldquo;Pizza Cono
&rdquo; a food product for quick service restaurants consisting of a cone shaped pizza dough.
Cono Italiano (Delaware)
 as the successor to Cono Italiano
 LLC
 holds a distribution agreement for North America from Kono
Italia S.R.L. in Italy. This distribution agreement grants the licensee an exclusive license to exploit this product in the
United States
 Canada and Mexico for a twenty-five (25) year term. The product is patented in the United States and Europe as
is the cone production machine which is proprietary. In 2007
 Cono Italiano
 LLC introduced the product into the North
American market by building an alliance with Center Plate
 a food service provider to stadiums and arenas throughout North
America. At the present time
 the Company has no contractual agreements with Center Plate.

Cono Italiano
(Delaware) was formed through the merger of Cono Italiano LLC
 a New Jersey limited liability company
 and Janex International
Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 on January 14
 2008. The combined entity changed its name to &ldquo;Cono Italiano
 Inc.&rdquo; on
that date.


    
    


Cono Italiano
is licensed to distribute a food product called the &ldquo;Pizza Cono.&rdquo; This Pizza Cone is designed to be a drip free
spill free cone-shaped pizza made of a proprietary dough and filled with freshly selected ingredients. The Company intends
that the Pizza Cone will be distributed through the fast food market (the fast food market is generally defined as
restaurants selling food and drinks for immediate consumption either on the premises in designated eating areas
 or for
consumption elsewhere). The Pizza Cone will be distributed to quick-service restaurants
 take aways
 mobile and street
vendors
 and leisure locations. These establishments include typical fast food chains
 supermarkets
 convenience stores
entertainment facilities and sports arenas. In addition
 the Pizza Cone will be sold at stores that sell frozen packaged
products for use at home.

On
July 9
 2008
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) entered into a distribution and licensing agreement (the &ldquo;Distribution Agreement&rdquo;)
with Pino Gelato
 Inc.
 a South Carolina corporation presently involved in retail sales of Italian gelato and sales of franchises
for the sale of gelato (&ldquo;Pino Gelato&rdquo;). Under the terms of the Distribution Agreement
 we granted to Pino Gelato
Inc. the rights in the United States
 Canada and Mexico to sell and distribute our products through immediate consumption retail
channels
 such as a restaurant
 snack bar
 kiosk
 or other similar setting. The Distribution Agreement included the right to market
Pizza Cones and establish Pizza Cone and Pino Gelato Cafes. Cono Italiano (Delaware) received $100
000 in cash in consideration
for such Distribution Agreement. As an inducement to buy the distribution and franchise rights by Pino Gelato
 the Company issued
375
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to Pino Gelato. The Distribution Agreement was terminated on December 22
 2010.
Cono Italiano (Delaware) now directly retains the distribution rights regarding the sale of products
 both for sale to retail channels
and on a wholesale basis to stores that sell frozen packaged products.

As
part of Cono Italiano (Delaware)&rsquo;s marketing strategy
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) paid $8
500 in September 2008 to develop retail
packaging and conducted a photo shoot for the product in October 2008 at a cost of $1
500.

Since
March 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware)&rsquo;s marketing and distribution efforts have also included giving free samples of its product
away at the Indianapolis Speedway
 presenting the product to potential distributors at a trade show
 and selling the product at
an Italian festival in Indianapolis.

In
July 2008
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Mitchell Brown and Ramona Fantini of Pino Gelato
 formed a manufacturing
entity
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC
 to produce and manufacturer the &ldquo;Cones.&rdquo; Mitchell Brown transferred his ownership interests
in Edesia Emprise
 LLC to his father
 Gene Brown
 later that month. The Company contracted with a third party manufacturer for
this project in January of 2009
 and cancelled such agreement in October of 2009.

On
November 11
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Edesia Emprise
 LLC entered into a Master Manufacturing Agreement (the &ldquo;Master
Manufacturing Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to this Master Manufacturing Agreement
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC will produce the Company&rsquo;s
Pizza Cono product. Cono Italiano (Delaware) has agreed to pay Edesia Emprise
 LLC the costs of production plus fifteen percent
(15%) of revenue.. This Master Manufacturing Agreement has a five (5) year term and will automatically renew unless cancelled
by one of the parties pursuant to its terms. This Master Manufacturing Agreement is exclusive within the United States. Edesia
Emprise
 LLC may either produce this product directly or through a subcontractor. On December 8
 2009
 the Company was advised
that Edesia Emprise had entered into its first subcontract agreement with Sunrise Baking Acquisition Company
 based in Brooklyn
New York.

On
November 9
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) entered into a Commitment Letter
 pursuant to which
 one of our shareholders
 Lara Mac
has agreed to provide financing to Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 with such funds as the Board shall deem to be sufficient to maintain the
Company&rsquo;s ordinary course of business operations (the &ldquo;Commitment Amount&rdquo;). We may draw on the Commitment Amount
in monthly tranches in accordance with our operating requirements as set forth in our business plan. The available Commitment
Amount will be reduced by the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Company which are derived from the issuance of any equity
securities and Company gross revenues. Draws on the Commitment Amount will be made on terms of unsecured notes
 with interest
set on each note as of the date of the draw at prime rate plus two percent per annum. It was agreed that the notes would mature
and become repayable thirty calendar days after demand at any time following the earlier of (a) December 31
 2010 or (b) the date
upon which we are in receipt of revenues or proceeds from the sales of equity securities. We will give Lara Mac customary representations
and warranties regarding the good standing of our Company and status of progress in respect of our Company business plan prior
to each draw on the Commitment Amount
 and we will provide certifications and covenants regarding use of proceeds of each draw
which will be in customary forms reasonably requested by Lara Mac as determined by reference to similar lenders making similar
loans to similar companies. Lara Mac will not be required to make any loans under the Commitment Amount to us if we are unable
to make the representations
 warranties
 certifications or covenants
 or if we are in breach of any previously given representations
warranties
 certifications or covenants. If we breach any of the notes
 the default rate will be 15% per annum and Lara Mac may
seek recourse against our company for repayment of all of the notes. As of December 31
 2012
 the agreement was still in effect
and no funds have been borrowed.


    
    




The
Company intends to contact food distributors who sell to the restaurant community to distribute the product. The Company
will seek to develop relationships with independent commissioned sales representatives throughout the country to sell and
market the product to the retail community and specialty customers. The Pizza Cones and empanadas will be targeted at a
substantial number of potential customers
 including quick service restaurants
 take aways
 mobile and street vendors
 and
leisure locations such as typical fast food chains
 supermarkets
 convenience stores
 entertainment facilities
 and sports
arenas. The Company therefore does not anticipate depending on a single or a few major customers.

Cono Italiano&rsquo;s
marketing and distribution efforts have also included giving free samples of its product away at the Indianapolis Speedway
 presenting
the product to potential distributors at a trade show
 and selling the product at an Italian festival in Indianapolis.

The
company entered into a manufacturing and partnership agreement with Interstate Caterers (&ldquo;Interstate&rdquo;) located in
South Plain field
 New Jersey. Interstate will manufacture all products related to Cono Italiano in their state of the
art
 newly constructed facility
 which complies with United States Department of Agriculture regulations. Cono will provide
certain manufacturing equipment to Interstate to include ovens
proprietary machines to package and manufacture Pizza Cono
and Empanadas. The revenue will be shared based on net profit after all expenses. Interstate will receive 3.5 million
shares restricted for up to a 5-year period. This agreement can be modified at any given time to be ensure all revenue and
profits are being shared accordingly and equally.

Competitive
Position

Cono Italiano
is a relatively new company introducing a new product into the market place for quick service pizza. The market in the United
States for quick service pizza is large
 highly fragmented and intensely competitive. There are no assurances that the product
will be generally accepted.

We
intend to do business under our new business model in highly competitive markets. There are many competitors
 some of which are
significantly larger
 that have access to much more important resources or capital than us
 or have established reputations among
potential customers. We may not be able to compete effectively against other industry participants.

Raw
Materials

The
raw materials used in production of the Pizza Cones include readily available food products which are purchased in bulk by third
party contract bakers. All raw materials are supplied by the third party contract bakers pursuant to proprietary recipes and standards
of Cono Italiano and baked into the product. Cono Italiano pays Edesia Emprise
 LLC for the product following shipping.

Compliance
with Government Regulations

At
the present time
 Cono Italiano does not need and has not requested government approval on any products and services. Edesia Emprise
LLC and the third party contract bakers of Edesia Emprise
 LLC are responsible for operation of production facilities which make
our Pizza Cones and fillings
 and they are subject to various federal state
 and local laws
 including various health sanitation
fire
 and safety standards and may be subject to licensing and regulations by a number of governmental authorities.


    
    


Research
and Development

The
recipe for the cone is proprietary
 developed by Cono Italiano
 Inc. using various ingredients and a patented machine to create
and form the cone-shaped shell. The filling content for the cones are proprietary recipes designed specifically for the cone to
be drip-free and spill-free and to be baked in a microwave high efficiency oven or traditional oven. Our recipes are developed
by an Italian food designer to add a European taste to the pizza.

Compliance
with Environmental Laws

The
costs and effects of compliance with federal
 state and local environmental laws have not been material to our business from inception
through the date of this Report.

Intellectual
Property

Our
success and ability to compete are dependent
 in part
 upon our ability to establish and adequately protect our intellectual property
rights. We intend to rely on a combination of patent
 copyright
 trademark and trade secret laws
 as well as confidentiality agreements
to establish and protect our proprietary rights. We expect to license certain proprietary rights from third parties. We also intend
to protect our proprietary rights
 in part
 through the terms of license agreements and by confidentiality agreements with our
employees
 consultants
 customers and others.



As
of the date hereof
 the Company has three (3) officers
 Mitchell Brown (our Chief Executive Officer)
 Alex J. Kaminski (our Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer) and Steve Savage (our Secretary). We have no other employees at this time.

Where
You Can Find More Information

We
currently maintain an internet website at http://www.conoitaliano.com.

The
Company is and expects to remain a &ldquo;reporting company.&rdquo; We will therefore be required to continue to file annual
quarterly and other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). Members of the public may
read and copy any materials which we file with the SEC at the SEC&rsquo;s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 N.E.
 Room 1580
Washington
 D.C. 20549. Members of the public may obtain additional information on the operation of the Public Reference Room
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports
 proxy and information statements
as well as other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. This site is located at http://www.sec.gov.

You
may also request a copy of our filings at no cost
 by writing or telephoning us at:

Cono Italiano
Inc.
10
Main Street
Keyport
NJ 07735
Telephone:
877-330-2666
Attn:
Mitchell Brown
Chief
Executive Officer

Item
1A. Risk Factors.

Our
business is subject to numerous risks. We caution you that the following important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the
SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this and
in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make
or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result
of new information
 future events or otherwise. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports
filed with the SEC.


    
    


An
investment in our Company involves a substantial risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before
you make any investment decision regarding our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting
the market in which we operate or that we currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually
materialize
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price
of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

Risks
Related to Our Business

We
are a small company with a limited operating history and limited capital resources. We may not be able to raise additional capital
to grow and expand our business
 which could materially and adversely affect the future of our business.

We
are a small company with a limited history
 limited capital and limited operating resources. As of December 31
 2012
 we had cash
and cash equivalents of $30
562. While we believe we will be able to meet the majority of our immediate needs for cash from revenues
(as the Company is spending minimal cash
 and is not required to pay its suppliers until after orders are placed and delivered)
we will need additional capital to conduct business
 grow and expand. The Company will need financing in the amount of approximately
$500
000 to conduct its operations as planned for next twelve months
 including the securing of certain equipment required to
manufacture and distribute our products to retail vendors and other suppliers in our market.

The
terms and conditions of any financing which we may receive could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations
liquidity and financial condition. Any investment in our shares is subject to the significant risk that we will not be able to
adequately capitalize our Company to enable us to continue to develop and implement our business model. Even if we are able to
raise adequate capital
 the cost of such capital may be burdensome and may materially impair our ability to fully implement our
business plan.

Indebtedness
may burden us with high interest payments and highly restrictive terms which could adversely affect our business.

Should
we borrow money to implement our business plans
 we would be burdened with interest payments. A significant amount of indebtedness
could increase the possibility that we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to service the payments on indebtedness
when due
 including principal
 interest and other amounts. Agreements made in connection with any borrowings may contain significant
restrictions and covenants that
 among other things
 could limit our ability to make investments
 pay dividends or make distributions
to our shareholders
 repurchase or redeem indebtedness
 grant liens on our assets
 enter into transactions with our affiliates
merge or consolidate with other entities or transfer all or substantially all of our assets
 and restrict the ability of our subsidiaries
to pay dividends or to make other payments to us.


    
    


Our
ability to comply with any restrictions and covenants related to indebtedness in the future is uncertain and would be affected
by the levels of cash flow from our operations and events or circumstances beyond our control. Our failure to comply with any
of restrictions and covenants under indebtedness financing could result in a default under those facilities
 and could cause all
of our existing indebtedness to be immediately due and payable. If any of our indebtedness were to be accelerated
 we may not
be able to repay our indebtedness or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if we were able to obtain new financing
 it
may not be on commercially reasonable terms or on terms that are acceptable to us. If any of our indebtedness is in default for
any reason
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition
complying with any restrictions and covenants may also cause us to take actions that are not favorable to our shareholders and
may make it more difficult for us to successfully execute our business plan and compete against companies that are not subject
to such restrictions and covenants.

We
may have to price our products and services at low margins which could adversely affect our business and any investment in our
company.

Even
if we are able to compete with our competitors
 we may have to price our products and services at low gross margins in order to
gain market share. Competitive pricing pressures together with new or improved competing product introductions by our competitors
may adversely affect the average selling price of our products and services and force us to make downward adjustments. If we are
unable to offset price decreases by increasing our sales volumes or by adjusting our product offerings
 our revenues and gross
margins would decline. To grow our business we generate revenues as soon as possible and thereafter continue to develop and introduce
new products
 services and improvements. If we cannot maintain reasonable gross margins
 our financial position may be harmed
our stock price may decline and we may fail.

We
could have substantial difficulty addressing the challenges of rapid growth.

If
demand for our products increases rapidly
 we will need to either increase our internal production capacity or implement additional
outsourcing. Success in developing and producing a limited volume of products does not guarantee that we will experience comparable
success in operations conducted on a larger scale. Modifying our procedures and facilities to adjust to increased demand may delay
delivery of our products. Production efficiencies
 yields and product quality may decline as our Company expands over time. If
we are unable to meet the demand of our customers and deliver products quickly and cost effectively
 customers may turn to our
competitors. The costs and risks associated with implementing new technologies
 methods and processes
 including the purchase
of new equipment
 and any resulting delays
 inefficiencies and loss of sales
 could harm our results of operations.

We
expect that our anticipated future growth may strain our management
 administrative
 operational and financial infrastructure.
Failure of our ability to reasonably manage anticipated growth could materially and adversely affect our business.

We
anticipate that significant expansion of our present operations will be required to capitalize on market opportunities. This expansion
is expected to place a significant strain on our management
 operational and financial resources. We expect to add a substantial
number of additional key personnel in the future
 including key managerial employees who will have to be fully integrated into
our operations. In order to manage our growth
 we will be required to continue to implement and improve our operational and financial
systems
 to expand existing operations
 to attract and retain superior management
 and to train
 manage and expand our employee
base. We cannot assure you that we will be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations
 that our systems
 procedures
or controls will be adequate to support our operations or that our management will be able to successfully implement our business
plan. If we are unable to manage growth effectively
 our business
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected.


    
    


Our
success will depend heavily on our management. If we fail to hire and retain qualified management and other key personnel
 the
implementation of our business plan will be materially and adversely affected.

Our
performance is substantially dependent on the continued services and performance of our executive officers and other key personnel
and our ability to retain and motivate our officers and key employees. Our future success also depends on our ability to identify
attract
 hire
 train
 retain and motivate other highly skilled technical
 managerial and marketing personnel. Competition for
qualified personnel is intense
 and we cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such personnel.
The failure to attract and retain our officers or the necessary technical
 managerial and marketing personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business
 prospects
 financial condition and results of operations.

Our
dependence on management creates risks. The loss of our experienced officers and key employees could materially and adversely
affect our ability to professionally manage our business.

Our
plan for success is dependent
 in large part
 on the active participation of our executive officers. The loss of their services
would materially and adversely affect our business and future success. We do not have key-man life insurance in effect at the
present time. Should any of our key employees die or become incapacitated
 we may not be able to replace them in a timely or cost
effective manner which could materially and adversely harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

We
may be sued for infringing on the intellectual property rights of others.

Third
parties may claim that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. We may violate the rights of others without our
knowledge. If a litigant establishes that we are infringing its intellectual property rights
 or that our intellectual property
rights are invalid
 we may be forced to change our products
 services
 or manufacturing processes
 and such changes may be expensive
or impractical. We may then be forced to seek royalty or license agreements from such litigant. If we are unable to agree on acceptable
terms
 we may be required to discontinue the sale of key products or halt other aspects of our operations. In addition
 we may
also be liable for significant financial damages for a violation of intellectual property rights. Any adverse result related to
violation of third party intellectual property rights could materially and adversely harm our business
 financial condition and
results of operations. Even if intellectual property claims brought against us are without merit
 they may result in litigation
which could be costly and time consuming
 and may divert our management and key personnel from operating our business.

We
may be exposed to tax audits
 which could be expensive for the Company and time consuming for management.

At
the present time
 the Company is not in compliance with its obligation to file income tax returns
 however
 the Company
intends to remediate this non-compliance in the immediate future. Our U.S. federal and state tax returns may be audited by
the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the &ldquo;IRS&rdquo;). An audit may result in the challenge and disallowance of
deductions claimed by us. Further
 an audit could lead to an audit of one or more of our investors and ultimately result in
attempts to adjust investors&rsquo; tax returns with respect to items unrelated to us. We are unable to guarantee the
deductibility of any item that we acquire. We will claim all deductions for federal and state income tax purposes which we
reasonably believe that we are entitled to claim. In particular
 we will elect to treat as an expense for tax purposes all
interest
 management fees
 taxes and insurance. The IRS may disallow any of the various elements used in calculating our
expenses
 thereby reducing federal income tax benefits of an investment. To the extent that any challenge or disallowance is
raised in connection with a tax return filed by an individual shareholder
 the cost of any audit and/or litigation resulting
there from would be born solely by the affected shareholder. In the event the IRS should disallow any of our deductions
 the
directors
 in their sole discretion
 will decide whether to contest such disallowance. No assurance can be given that in the
event of such a contest the deductions would be sustained by the courts. If the disallowance of any deductions results in an
underpayment of tax
 investors could also be responsible for interest on the under payments.


    
    


Securities
compliance may be expensive and time consuming for our management.

Compliance
with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;)
 and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder
 including
 the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related requirements will be costly and will place a significant burden
on our management. At the present time
 the Company has only a limited history of operating with the internal controls and procedures
required of a public company. Previously
 the Company&rsquo;s accounting predecessor
 Janex International
 Inc. (the Delaware
entity which later changed its name to Cono Italiano
 Inc. and was acquired by the Company) was registered with the SEC. However
on March 23
 2009
 the SEC took action under Section 12(j) of the Exchange Act and revoked that entity&rsquo;s registration because
it was seriously delinquent in its mandatory reporting obligations. Should the Company fail to make its filings with the SEC in
a timely manner
 its registration could be revoked as well.

Management
is required to conduct an annual evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting and include a management report on
our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot assure you that measures we have taken
 or future measures we may take
will enable us to provide accurate and timely financial reports
 particularly if we are unable to hire additional personnel in
our accounting and financial department
 or if we lose personnel in this area. Any failure to maintain an effective system of
internal controls
 or any other problems with our financial systems or internal controls
 could result in delays or inaccuracies
in reporting financial information or failure to comply with SEC reporting and other regulatory requirements. Any of these situations
could adversely affect our business and stock price.

Estimates
must be made in connection with the preparation of our financial reports. If changes must be made to financial reports
 we could
be adversely affected.

We
follow accounting principles generally accepted in the United States in preparing our financial statements. As part of this work
we must make many estimates and judgments which affect the value of the assets and liabilities
 contingent assets and liabilities
and revenue and expenses reported in our financial statements. We believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable and
we make them in accordance with our accounting policies based on information available at the time. However
 actual results could
differ from our estimates and this could require us to record adjustments to expenses or revenues that could be adversely material
to our financial position and results of operations.

A
significant percentage of our Common Stock is owned by a single investor
 Mitchell Brown
 our Chief Executive Officer and a member
of our Board of Directors
 which may lead to the Company taking actions which conflict with other shareholders.

Our
Chief Executive Officer
 Mr. Mitchell Brown
 owns directly 30
100
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock directly
and has sole voting power and sole power of disposition over all 6
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock owned by
Lara Mac Inc. Thus Mr. Brown controls the voting of approximately 32.82 % of our issued and outstanding shares. This concentration
of ownership and control could discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control
of us
 or could otherwise delay or prevent a change in control transaction or other business combination
 which could in turn
have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares. As long as this concentration of ownership persists
 it is unlikely
that any other holder or group of holders of our common shares will be able to affect the way we are managed or the direction
of our business. The interests of the control group of shareholders could conflict with the interests of other shareholders. In
addition
 we may adopt amendments to our organizational documents and applicable state law which have anti-takeover provisions
that could delay or prevent a change in control of our company.

We
will indemnify our officers and directors which could cause our capital resources to be used to defend and settle claims or legal
actions against them.

Our
bylaws provide that we shall indemnify any and all of our present or former directors and officers for expenses incurred in connection
with the defense of any action relating to their services. Costs
 charges and expenses (including attorneys&rsquo; fees) incurred by
such person in defending a civil or criminal proceeding shall be paid by the Company in advance upon receipt of an undertaking
to repay all amounts advanced if it is ultimately determined that the person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Company
as authorized by the bylaws
 and upon satisfaction of other conditions required by current or future legislation. To the extent
that a director has been successful in defense of any proceeding
 the Nevada Revised Statutes provide that he shall be indemnified
against reasonable expenses incurred in connection therewith. These provisions may limit the ability of our stockholders to recover
damages against our directors through legal proceeding or otherwise.


    
    


In
addition to the indemnification provided for in the Company&rsquo;s bylaws
 we may enter into agreements to indemnify our directors
and officers. Under these agreements
 we will be obligated to indemnify our directors and officers for expenses
 attorneys&rsquo;
fees
 judgments
 fines and settlement amounts incurred by any director or officer in any action or proceeding arising out of the
director&rsquo;s or officer&rsquo;s services as a director or officer of us
 any of our subsidiaries or any other company or enterprise
to which the person provides services at our request. We believe that these provisions and agreements are necessary to attract
and retain qualified individuals to serve as directors and officers.

If
our food products become contaminated
 we may be subject to product liability claims
 product recalls and increased scrutiny by
regulators
 any of which could adversely affect our business.

Food
products like Pizza Cones are vulnerable to contamination leading to food-related illness. There is a risk that our products could
become contaminated and then ultimately consumed by purchasers. Purchasers who suffer
 or claim to suffer
 as a result of consuming
our products may sue us
 and such suits could be expensive and time consuming for the Company and its management. While Cono Italiano
believes that it has adequate insurance to mitigate the potential risk of losses for product liability claims
 such insurance
may prove to be insufficient.

A
decline in the economy may lead to a decline in demand for our products.

Should
the U.S. economy experience a further decline
 demand for our product may not grow and may even decrease
 and accordingly
 our
ability to generate revenues may be impaired.

Increased
costs for the raw materials used to produce the Pizza Cone may reduce our profits.

The
Company is unable to predict the extent to which the raw materials used to produce the Pizza Cone may increase in the future.
Significant cost increase may substantially reduce our profits.

A
material disruption at our processing plant could seriously harm our financial condition and operating results.

In
the event that the processing plant at which our products are made was to be damaged due to natural disaster or disrupted by labor
disputes
 the Company could experience difficulties in finding an alternative production location. Such difficult and delay could
impact the profitability of the Company.

The
Company&rsquo;s sole focus is on the sale of cones. Should there be a lack of demand for the cones we sell
 we will not be able
to rely on alternative products for revenue.

The
Company&rsquo;s product is a cone can be marketed as an empty vessel and filled with fresh ingredients. There are currently over
100 recipes that can be used in the cones. However
 should there be a lack of demand for cones in general
 the Company will not
receive revenues from other product lines.

Risks
Related To Investing In Our Common Shares

You
may have difficulty selling our common shares and may therefore lose all or a significant portion of your investment.

Our
common shares trades on the OTC Bulletin Board. The stock price may be volatile. The market price of our common shares may be
subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors including the following:



    
    
Our
    ability to execute our business plan and significantly grow our business;




    
    
Increased
    competition from competitors who offer competing products; and




    
    
Our
    financial condition and results of operations.



    
    


As
a result
 our shareholders may find it more difficult to obtain accurate quotations concerning the market value of the stock.
Shareholders also may experience greater difficulties in attempting to sell our common shares than if they were listed on a self-regulated
national stock exchange.

We
may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable to raise additional capital
 our business may fail.

We
may need to raise additional capital to provide cash for our operations. The fact that we have generated only $122
985 in
sales during the twelve months ended December 31
 2012 and $0 in sales during the twelve months ended December 2011 may deter
potential investors from providing financing. Uncertainty regarding our ability to generate revenues may make it difficult
for us to find financing on acceptable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding
 we may not be able to successfully
develop and market our products and our business may fail. To secure additional financing
 we may need to borrow money or
sell more securities. Under the current circumstances
 we may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms
 if
available at all.

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends on our common stock and
 consequently
 the ability to achieve a return on your investment
in our common stock will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. If our common stock does not appreciate in value
investors could suffer losses in their investment in our common stock.

We
do not expect to pay cash dividends on our common stock. Any future dividend payments are within the absolute discretion of our
Board and will depend on
 among other things
 our results of operations
 working capital requirements
 capital expenditure requirements
financial condition
 contractual restrictions
 business opportunities
 anticipated cash needs
 provisions of applicable law and
other factors that our Board may deem relevant. We may not generate sufficient cash from operations in the future to pay dividends
on our common stock. As a result
 the success of your investment in our common stock will depend on future appreciation in its
value. The price of our common stock may not appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which you purchased our shares.
If our common stock does not appreciate in value
 investors could suffer losses in their investment in our common stock.

Because
the market for our common shares is limited
 investors may not be able to resell their common shares. Investors should therefore
assume that any investment in our company will be illiquid for the foreseeable future.

Our
common shares trade on the Over-the-Counter-Bulletin-Board quotation system. Trading in our shares has historically been subject
to very low volumes and wide disparity in pricing. Investors may not be able to sell or trade their common shares because of thin
volume and volatile pricing with the consequence that they may have to hold your shares for an indefinite period of time.

There
are legal restrictions on the resale of the common shares offered
 including penny stock regulations under the U.S. Federal Securities
Laws. These restrictions may adversely affect your ability to resell your stock.

We
anticipate that our common stock will continue to be subject to the penny stock rules under the Exchange Act. These rules regulate
broker/dealer practices for transactions in &ldquo;penny stocks.&rdquo; Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price
of less than $5.00. The penny stock rules require broker/dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides
information about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker/dealer must also provide
the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker/dealer and its salesperson
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. The bid and offer
quotations and the broker/dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing prior
to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation. In addition
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker and/or dealer must make a special written determination
that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The transaction costs associated with penny stocks are high
 reducing the number of broker-dealers who may be willing to engage
in the trading of our shares. These additional penny stock disclosure requirements are burdensome and may reduce all of the trading
activity in the market for our common stock. As long as the common stock is subject to the penny stock rules
 our shareholders
may find it more difficult to sell their shares.


    
    


Our
future sales of our common shares could cause our stock price to decline.

There
is no contractual restriction on our ability to issue additional shares. We cannot predict the effect
 if any
 that market sales
of our common shares or the availability of shares for sale will have on the market price prevailing from time to time. Sales
by us of our common shares in the public market
 or the perception that our sales may occur
 could cause the trading price of
our stock to decrease or to be lower than it might be in the absence of those sales or perceptions.

You
may experience dilution of your ownership interests due to the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock which
could be materially adverse to the value of our common stock.

As
of April 12
 2013
 we had 107
233
087 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding. We are authorized to issue up to 150
000
000
shares of common stock. Our Board may authorize the issuance of additional common or preferred shares under applicable state law
without shareholder approval. We may also issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible
into or exercisable for common stock in connection with the hiring of personnel
 future acquisitions
 future private placements
of our securities for capital raising purposes or for other business purposes. Future sales of substantial amounts of our common
stock
 or the perception that sales could occur
 could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. If we
need to raise additional capital to expand or continue operations
 it may be necessary for us to issue additional equity or convertible
debt securities. If we issue equity or convertible debt securities
 the net tangible book value per share may decrease
 the percentage
ownership of our current stockholders may be diluted and such equity securities may have rights
 preferences or privileges senior
or more advantageous to our common stockholders.

The
market price of our common stock may be volatile which could adversely affect the value of your investment in our common stock.

The
trading price of our common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors.
Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include:



    
    
Fluctuations
    in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;



    
    
Changes
    in estimates of our financial results or recommendations by securities analysts;



    
    
Failure
    of any of our products to achieve or maintain market acceptance;



    
    
Changes
    in market valuations of similar companies;



    
    
Significant
    products
 contracts
 acquisitions or strategic alliances of our competitors;



    
    
Success
    of competing products or services;



    
    
Changes
    in our capital structure
 such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt;



    
    
Regulatory
    developments;



    
    
Litigation
    involving our company
 our general industry or both;



    
    
Additions
    or departures of key personnel;



    
    
Investors&rsquo;
    general perception of us; and



    
    
Changes
    in general economic
 industry and market conditions.


Absence
of equity research reports or unfavorable reports could adversely affect the price of our stock.

The
trading market for our common shares will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about
us and the industry segments in which we operate. The public price of our publicly traded common shares could decline if one or
more securities analysts downgrades investment in our common shares or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary about
our industry or other major participants in our industry
 or if they decline to publish reports about us. At the current time
there are no analysts providing coverage of the Company&rsquo;s securities.


    
    


Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.

Not
applicable.

Item
2. Properties.

Our
principal executive offices are located at 10 Main Street
 Keyport
 NJ 07735. We are not paying rent for this location
 which
is being provided by our Chief Executive Officer at no expense. We believe that this property is adequate for our current and
immediately foreseeable operating needs. At the present time
 we do not own any real estate. We do not have any policies regarding
investments in real estate
 securities or other forms of property.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings.

We
are currently not involved in any litigation that we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government
agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our company or any of our
subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our companies or our
subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse
effect.

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity
Securities.

(a)
Market Information

Our
common stock is quoted on the over-the-counter bulletin board (OTCBB) under the symbol &ldquo;CNOZ&rdquo;. The following table
shows the range of high and low bids per share of our common stock as reported by the OTCBB for the fiscal year periods indicated.
Such over-the-counter market quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 markdown or commission
 and may not
necessarily represent actual transactions.



    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




As
of April 12
 2013
 there were 107
233
087 shares of our common stock issued and outstanding held by approximately
[&#9679;] holders of record.



We
have not paid any dividends to the holders of our common stock and we do not expect to pay any such dividends in the foreseeable
future as we expect to retain our future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business.

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

At the present
time
 we have no securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data.

Pursuant
to permissive authority under Regulation S-K
 Rule 301
 we have omitted Selected Financial Data.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

Forward-Looking
Statements

The
following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of the Company should be read in conjunction with the
financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Report. This Report contains certain forward-looking
statements and the Company&rsquo;s future operating results could differ materially from those discussed herein. Certain statements
contained in this Report
 including
 without limitation
 statements containing the words &ldquo;believes&rdquo;
 &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;expects&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;).
However
 as the Company intends to issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated under the
Exchange Act
 the Company is ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of the Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims
any obligation to update any such factors or to announce publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements
contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect future events or developments.


    
    


Plan
of Operation

On
September 7
 2011
 we entered into a strategic manufacturing agreement (the &ldquo;Agreement&rdquo;) with Interstate Caterers
(&ldquo;Interstate&rdquo;) and continue moving forward with the production and distribution of our frozen foods and Pizza Cono.
We have fulfilled our obligations pertaining to the Agreement and delivered our first shipment of products in March 2012. Additionally
we recently added empanadas to our product line which we believe will increase our market for sales. We plan to fund the manufacturing
process of these products through the use of private funding investors and resources from Interstate Caterers.

In
November 2011
 we
 together with our manufacturing partner
 completed construction on our USDA and FDA approved facility for
our Pizza Cono and new line of frozen foods. Additionally
 we purchased the balance of equipment required to produce our
filled cones and frozen foods. This equipment will enable Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 to produce a frozen cone filled with a variety
of toppings by using an automated filling line. We expect to be the sole producer of frozen filled cones made in the United
States with USDA and FDA approval. We believe this will provide us with an advantage over our competitors in the market
place.

For
the next 12 months
 the Company plans to continue manufacturing and delivering its products to customers. We also plan
to expand our USDA facility by adding machines to fill and manufacture our pizza cones and empanadas. We plan to secure
through financing certain equipment required to manufacture and distribute our products to retail vendors and other suppliers
in our market. These machines include a carton machine
 which packages box the pizza cones and empanadas in boxes for retail
and a Flo Pack machine
 which wraps pizza cones and empanadas in microwavable bags prior to being packaged. We expect to
introduce additional flavors and new products to our product line in 2013.

Results
of Operations

For
the year ended December 31
 2012 compared to the year ended December 31
 2011

Revenues
and Profit

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) had revenues of $122
985 compared to total revenue of $-0- for
the same period in 2011. The increase in total revenue is attributable to the Company beginning to sell its
products.

The
Company&rsquo;s cost of goods sold for the year ended December 31
 2012
 was $117
913 which was an increase from $-0- for
the same period in 2011. The increase in cost of goods sold is attributable to the costs of product manufacturing to market
to the trade
 and packaging to sell to retail
 which was completed in October. This has afforded the Company the opportunity
to sell and expand its line of product to Shop Rite
 Core Mark. The Company&rsquo;s gross profit for the year ended December
31
 2012 was $5
072 which was an increase from $-0- for the same period in 2011. The change in gross profit is attributable
to the start-up of the Company selling its product and its related cost of goods sold.


    
    


Selling
Expenses
 Interest Expenses and General and Administrative Expenses

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s selling expenses were $160
727
 compensation expense was $225
000
 general
and administrative expenses were $199
327 and interest expenses were $50
005. This was a decrease compared to the same period
in 2011
 in which selling expenses were $166
610
 general and administrative expenses were $323
110 and an increase compared to
the same period in 2011 in which compensation expense was $-0- and interest expenses were $14
745. This decrease is primarily
attributable to a decrease in the paying of vendors with stock as cash became available through the sale of product and the acquisition
of debt. The increase in compensation expense was attributable to the commencement of the officers employment contracts in 2012
while the increase to interest expense was attributable to the acquisition of debt. Repreciation expense for the years ended
December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $63
795 and $8
665
 respectively. 

Net
Loss

The
net loss for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $696
518
 which was an increase from $504
465 for the same period in 2011.
This increase is attributable to $225
000 in compensation expense to officers compared to $-0- for the same period in 2011
as well as growing the company with capital expenditures for equipment
 packaging
 marketing
 and product placement into the
retail environment.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

As
of December 31
 2012
 the Company did not have and continues to not have sufficient cash on hand to pay present obligations as
they become due. In addition
 due to current economic conditions and the Company&rsquo;s related risks and uncertainties
 there
is no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital on acceptable terms
 if at all
 to meet our current obligation
over the next 12 months. Because of the foregoing
 the Company&rsquo;s auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern.

Net
cash used for operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 was $203
326 and $156
446
 respectively.
The net loss for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $(696
518) and $(504
465) respectively. This increase is
primarily attributable to the accrual of compensation expense for officers in the amount of $225
000 and depreciation expense
on new equipment.

As
of December 31
 2012
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) had$30
562 in cash and cash equivalents
 as compared to $0 for the same
period in 2011. The main source of the Company&rsquo;s cash has been loans from an officer
 acquisition of debt and the sales
of product. Our Chief Executive Officer
 Mitchell Brown
 was owed $767
317 as of December 31
 2012
 which total loan
amount increased from $724
975 at December 31
 2011. The Company also received cash proceeds from acquision of a convertible
note payable during the year ended December 31
 2012. As of December 31
 2012 the total convertible note payable was
$247
807 compared to $-0- at December 31
 2011.

On
November 9
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) entered into a Commitment Letter
 pursuant to which
 one of our shareholders
 Lara
Mac
 has agreed to provide financing to Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 with such funds as the Board shall deem to be sufficient to
maintain the Company&rsquo;s ordinary course of business operations (the &ldquo;Commitment Amount&rdquo;). We may draw on the
Commitment Amount in monthly tranches in accordance with our operating requirements as set forth in our business plan. The
available Commitment Amount will be reduced by the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Company which are derived from the
issuance of any equity securities and Company gross revenues. Draws on the Commitment Amount will be made on terms of
unsecured notes
 with interest set on each note as of the date of the draw at prime rate plus two percent per annum. It was
agreed that the notes would mature and become repayable thirty calendar days after demand. We will give Lara Mac customary
representations and warranties regarding the good standing of our Company and status of progress in respect of our Company
business plan prior to each draw on the Commitment Amount
 and we will provide certifications and covenants regarding use of
proceeds of each draw
 which will be in customary forms reasonably requested by Lara Mac as determined by reference to
similar lenders making similar loans to similar companies. Lara Mac will not be required to make any loans under the
Commitment Amount to us if we are unable to make the representations
 warranties
 certifications or covenants
 or if we are
in breach of any previously given representations
 warranties
 certifications or covenants. If we breach any of the notes
the default rate will be 15% per annum and Lara Mac may seek recourse against our company for repayment of all of the notes.
As of the end of the period covered by this Report
 there had been no borrowings under the Commitment Letter. Lara Mac has
.
As of December 31
 2012
 the agreement was still in effect and no funds had been borrowed.


    
    


The
following table summarizes total current assets
 liabilities and working capital at December 31
 2012
 compared to December 31
2011.



    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011
    

    
207
076
32
937
174
139

    
1
828
169
1
219
720
608
449

    
(1
621
093
(1
186
783
(434
310



As
of December 31
 2012
 we had a working capital deficit of $(1
621
093)
 as compared to a working capital deficit of $(1
186
783)
as of December 31
 2011
 an increase of $(434
310). Factors contributing to the increase in this deficit include the purchase
of additional manufacturing equipment 
 issuance of debt and increase in occured compensation. 

Current
Liabilities consists of the following:



    

&nbsp;2012

&nbsp;2011

    
    
3
348

    
135
508
135
508

    
126
206
54
713

    
59
834
52
746

    
67
228
60
905


 Net
247
807
    

    
225
000
    

    
767
317
724
975

    
199
269
187
525

    
1
828
169
1
219
720


Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates

Our
consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
The preparation of the financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of
assets
 liabilities
 revenues
 expenses
 and related disclosures. Though we evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing
basis

added. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Standards

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment within 30 days from the invoice
date. Customer accounts over 90 days old are considered delinquent. The carrying amount of accounts receivable are reduced by
an allowance for doubtful accounts that reflects our Company&rsquo;s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected.
The Company reviews outstanding accounts and based on an assessment of current creditworthiness
 estimates the portion
 if any
of the balance that will not be collected. The Company provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings
and a credit to a valuation allowance based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that
are still outstanding after reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit
to accounts receivable. The Company has assessed accounts receivable and determined that a reserve is necessary and at December
31
 2012 and 2011
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $2
440 and $-0-
 respectively.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company recognizes revenue when title
 ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer. Transfer of title occurs and risk of ownership
generally passes to a customer at the time of shipment or delivery
 depending on the terms of the agreement with a particular
customer. The sale price of the Company&rsquo;s products is substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale based on purchase
orders generated by a customer and accepted by the Company. A customer is obligated to pay for products sold to it within a specified
number of days from the date that title to the products is transferred to the customer. The Company&rsquo;s standard terms are
typically net 30 days from the transfer of title to the products to the customer. The Company typically expects payment from a
customer within 30 to 45 days from the transfer of title to the products to a customer. Shipping and handling costs are charged
to the customer and are included in revenue.


    
    


Customer
Concentrations

One
customer accounted for approximately $68
655 or 55%
 while another customer accounted for $16
507 or 13% of net sales for the
year ended December 31
 2012. Various other customers accounted for the remaining sales of $37
823 or 32%. All transactions were
in United States dollars. There were no transaction gains or losses associated with sales transactions.

The
Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the company&rsquo;s
results of operations
 financial position or cash flow.

Stock-Based
Compensation

Stock-based
compensation related to non-employees is recognized based on service provided in the accompanying statements of operations and
is based on the fair value of the services received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more readily
determinable. The Company&rsquo;s accounting policy for equity instruments issued to consultants and vendors in exchange for goods
and services follows the provisions of FASB ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&rdquo;. The measurement date
for the fair value of the equity instruments issued is determined at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance
by the consultant or vendor is reached or (ii) the date at which the consultant or vendor&rsquo;s performance is complete. In
the case of equity instruments issued to consultants
 the fair value of the equity instrument is recognized over the term of the
consulting agreement.

Stock-based
compensation related to employees and directors is recognized pursuant to the provisions of FASB ASC 718. FASB ASC 718 requires
recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments
over the period the employee is required to perform the services in exchange for the award (presumptively the vesting period).
FASB ASC 718 also requires measurement of the cost of employee services received in exchange for an equity award based upon the
grant-date fair value of the award.

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements

The
Company does not have any off balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
capital expenditures or capital resources.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

We
did not have any operations which implicated market risk as of the end of the latest fiscal year. We intend to implement an analysis
and assessment program which will on a regular basis determine exposures of the Company to future risks. We expect to report the
results of all such quantitative and qualitative risk assessments prior to entering into any material agreements
 and on a regular
monthly and annual basis to our audit committee so that responsive risk management measures can be discussed and actions taken
to the extent reasonably feasible. Inflationary factors in the future
 such as increases in overhead costs
 may adversely affect
our operating results. A high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to manage selling
 general
and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues if our revenues do not increase with these increased costs.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.

Our consolidated
financial statements are contained in pages [&#9679;] through [&#9679;] which appear at the end of this Report.

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.




    
    


Item
9A. Controls and Procedures.

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
pursuant to the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&rsquo;s
rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision of
and with the participation of
 our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 we conducted
an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange
Act
 as they existed on December 31
 2012. Based on their evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31
 2012
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of that date
 the Company&rsquo;s
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective for the purposes described above.

(b)
Management&rsquo;s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial
Reporting

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting refers to the process designed by
 or
under the supervision of
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 and effected by our board of directors
 management
and other personnel
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and includes those policies and
procedures that:



    
    
Pertain
    to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
    of the assets of the Company;



    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
    with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance
    with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and



    
    
Provide
    reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
    assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.


Because
of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

A
material weakness is a deficiency
 or a combination of deficiencies
 in internal control over financial reporting
 such that there
is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or
detected on a timely basis.

Management
has evaluated the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012. Management
based its assessment on the framework set forth in COSO&rsquo;s Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework (1992) in conjunction
with SEC Release No. 33-8820 entitled &ldquo;Commission Guidance Regarding Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting Under Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Commission.&rdquo; Based on its assessment
 management
concluded that the Company did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 because
of certain material weaknesses addressed below.



    
    
There
    is a lack of accounting personnel with the requisite knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the US (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;)
    and the financial reporting requirements of the SEC.



    
    
There
    are insufficient written policies and procedures to insure the correct application of accounting and financial reporting with
    respect to the current requirements of GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements.



    
    
There
    is a lack of segregation of duties
 in that we only had one person performing all accounting-related duties.



    
    
Lack
    of proper authorization and documentation of stock transactions
 including issuance
 cancellations or redemptions.



    
    


(c)
Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
have been no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)
under the Securities Exchange Act) during the year ended December 31
 2012
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely
to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9B. Other Information.

Not
applicable.

PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

The
following table and text sets forth the names and ages of all our directors and executive officers and our key management personnel
as of April 1
 2013. All of our directors serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected
and qualified
 or until their earlier death
 retirement
 resignation or removal. Executive officers serve at the discretion of
the Board
 and are elected or appointed to serve until the next Board meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Also
provided is a brief description of the business experience of each director and executive officer and the key management personnel
during the past five years and an indication of directorships held by each director in other companies subject to the reporting
requirements under the Federal securities laws.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer and Director

    
    
    
    
Chief Financial
    Officer
 Treasurer and Director

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Secretary and
    Director

    
    
    
    
    


Mitchell
Brown
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

Mr.
Brown was appointed Chief Executive Officer on June 4
 2009 and commenced serving as a director on June 19
 2009. From 2004
through 2007
 Mr. Brown served as the President of Discount Direct
 a marketing company which served various cell phone
providers. From 2007 through the date hereof
 Mr. Brown has served as the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Cono
Italiano
 Inc.
 a company which has acquired the North American rights to sell certain food products.

Alex
J. Kaminski
 Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director

Mr.
Kaminski was appointed Treasurer of the Company on June 4
 2009. He commenced serving as Chief Financial Officer on June 22
 2009
and Director on June 19
 2009. Mr. Kaminski
 47
 is a Certified Public Accountant. Since 1989
 he has had his own practice. From
2002 to 2008 he served as the Chief Financial Officer and President of Basik Funding Inc. Since 2005
 he has also served as the
President of Homestead Funding Group Inc.

Steve
Savage
 Secretary and Director

Mr.
Savage commenced serving as Secretary and Director on June 19
 2009. For the past 5 years Mr. Savage has served as President and
owner of Ocean Consultants Inc. a Real Estate Investment company. The purpose of the business was to locate
 purchase
 remodel
and market various residential properties.


    
    


Scott
Smith
 Director

Mr.
Smith commenced serving as a director on June 19
 2009. Since 1997
 Mr. Smith
 46
 has served as the owner and manufacturer&rsquo;s
representative for S.J. Smith Distributors Inc. Since 2002
 Mr. Smith has served as the Corporate Sales Manager for Ray Catena
Motor Car in Edison
 NJ.

Family
Relationships

None
of the Company&rsquo;s officers or directors have any family relationships with the Company&rsquo;s other officers or directors
or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become officers or directors.

Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings

During
the past five years no director
 person nominated to become a director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Company
has: (i) had any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such person was a general partner or executive
officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time; (ii) been convicted in a criminal proceeding
or been subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor offenses); (iii) been subject to
any order
 judgment
 or decree
 not subsequently reversed
 suspended or vacated
 of any court of competent jurisdiction
 permanently
or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking
activities; or (iv) been found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action)
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures
Trading Commission to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law
 and the judgment has not been reversed
suspended
 or vacated.

Item
11. Executive Compensation.

The
following table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total
annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.

Summary
Compensation Table


    
Position
    
    
    
Awards&nbsp;($)
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Executive Officer and
    
    
    
125
000

    
    
    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 former President
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
000
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Chief Financial Officer
 
    
50
000
    
50
000

    
    
    
5
000
5
000

    
    
50
000
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


 Secretary and Director (3)
    
50
000
    
50
000

    
    
    
5
000
5
000

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    
    
    


 former Director
    
    
    
    



No officers earned over $100
000
in any of the three preceding fiscal years
 other than as set forth above.


The Company&rsquo;s fiscal
year previously ended on January 31. The Company changed its fiscal year-end from November 30
 2006 to January 31
 2007
 and on
November 12
 2009 the Company changed its fiscal year end to December 31st. The 2010 and 2009 fiscal years for Mitchell Brown
Joseph Masselli
 Alex J. Kaminski and Steve Savage refer to the fiscal years ended December 31
 2010 and December 31
 2009. The
2009 fiscal year for Mr. Leung
 Mr. Clarke and Mr. St-Pierre refer to the fiscal years ended January 31
 2009. These individuals
were not compensated thereafter.



    
    



To date
 each of Mitchell Brown
Joseph Masselli
 Alex J. Kaminski and Steve Savage have not been paid cash compensation by either the Company or Cono Italiano
(Delaware).


On January 28
 2011
 Mr. Masselli
was relieved of his position as the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Operating Officer. On March 15
 2011 Mr. Masselli&rsquo;s
service as a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors terminated.


None
of the officers earned any bonus
 restricted stock awards
 LTIP Payouts or any other annual or long term compensation other than
the stock awards paid to each of Mr. Brown
 Mr. Masselli and Mr. Savage by Cono Italiano (Delaware).

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End (1)

As of the
end of our most recent fiscal year
 December 31
 2012
 Mitchell Brown
 our Chief Executive Officer and Director
 Joseph Masselli
our former President
 Chief Operating Officer and Director
 Alex J. Kaminski
 our Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director
and Steve Savage
 our Secretary and Director have not been issued any options in the Company.

Options
were issued in connection with our August 10
 2009 1-for-60 stock split; however
 none of such options were exercised during the
year ended December 31
 2012 and as of December 31
 2012 all of such options have expired.

Director
Compensation

The
persons who served as members of our board of directors
 including executive officers
 did not receive any compensation for services
as a director in either the fiscal year ended December 31
 2012 or the fiscal year ended December 31
 2011.

The
Company has employment agreements with each of Mitchell Brown
 Alex Kaminski and Steve Savage
 and formerly had an agreement with
Mr. Masselli. These directors will not be separately compensated for their service as directors
 as they are also serving as officers
of the Company. The Company does not have an employment or other compensation agreement with Scott Smith
 who was compensated
according to the schedule above. Mr. Smith
 who will be serving only as a director and not as an officer will be paid a fee of
$18
000 per annum
 which is presently being deferred.

Employment
Contracts

On
December 30
 2009
 the Company entered into employment agreements with each of the officers serving the Company. The employment
agreements contained the following material provisions: (i) two-year terms with automatic renewal provisions unless notice is
given by either party 30 days prior to renewal; (ii) commitment of a substantial portion of their professional time to the Company
consisting of 75% of their time for Mitchell Brown and 60% of their time for each of Alex Kaminski and Steve Savage; and (iii)
and additional customary employment agreement terms and conditions. The officers have agreed that they will not receive any compensation
for their services to the Company prior to January 1
 2012. The compensation of the officers has been set as follows:



    
    


 Chief Executive Officer
125
000


 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
50
000


 Secretary
50
000


It
has been agreed by the Company
 Mr. Smith and Mr. Kaminski that pursuant to separate stock option agreements
 Mr. Smith will be
granted options to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at $.01 per share and Mr. Kaminski will be granted
options to purchase 1
500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at $.01 per share. At this time
 these options have not
been granted
 will vest in one year and will expire in three years.


    
    


Equity
Incentive Plan

On
October 5
 2006
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors adopted the Company&rsquo;s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan
 which authorizes
the Company to issue options for the purchase of up to 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 pursuant to the terms
and conditions set forth therein. The Equity Incentive Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options (ISO) and non-qualified
stock options (NQOs) to our employees
 directors or consultants.

As
of December 31
 2012
 we had [&#9679;] officers and directors eligible to receive options under the Equity Incentive Plan. Options
to buy [&#9679;] shares of common stock were outstanding under the Equity Incentive Plan and [&#9679;] options remained eligible
for grant. As of December 31
 2012
 there were -0- unexpired outstanding options under the Equity Incentive Plan.

2006
Equity Plan Administration

The
compensation committee is empowered to select those eligible persons to whom options shall be granted under the 2006 Equity Incentive
Plan; to determine the time or times at which each option shall be granted
 whether options will be ISOs or NQOs and the number
of shares to be subject to each option; and to fix the time and manner in which each option may be exercised
 including the exercise
price and option period
 and other terms and conditions of options
 all subject to the terms and conditions of the 2006 Equity
Incentive Plan. The compensation committee has sole discretion to interpret and administer the Plan
 and its decisions regarding
the Plan are final.

2006
Equity Plan Option Pricing

Each
grant shall specify an option price per share
 which shall be equal to or greater than the fair market value per share on the
grant date; provided that in the case of any incentive stock option granted to a person who on any given date owns
 either directly
or indirectly (taking into account the attribution rules contained in Section 424(d) of the Code)
 stock possessing more than
10 percent of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any subsidiary
 the option price shall
not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share on the date of grant.

2006
Equity Plan Amendment and Termination

The
Plan may be amended from time to time by the Board
 but no such amendment shall increase any of the limitations concerning the
shares or options available under the Plan
 other than to reflect an adjustment made in accordance with Section 14 of the Plan
(i.e. dilution
 enlargement of the rights of participants in the Plan)
 change the class of persons eligible to receive grants
of awards or the types of awards available under the Plan and increase the benefits to participants under the Plan
 in any such
case without the further approval of the stockholders of the Company. The Board will also condition any amendment on the approval
of the stockholders of the Company if such approval is necessary with respect to the applicable listing or other requirements
of a national securities exchange or other applicable laws
 policies or regulations
 and the Board may condition any amendment
on the approval of the stockholders of the Company if such approval is deemed advisable to comply with such requirements.

The
Plan shall terminate on the tenth anniversary of the date upon which it is approved by the stockholders of the Company
 and no
award shall be granted after that date.

Indemnification
Agreements

Through
its Indemnification Agreements
 the Company agrees to indemnify directors and officers
 to the extend provided for in the Agreement
and to hold them harmless from and against
 any losses or expenses at any time incurred by or assessed against them arising out
of or in connection with their work as a director
 advisory director
 Board Committee member
 officer
 employee or agent of the
Company or of an affiliate
 whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity or in any other capacity
while serving as an officer or director of the Company or of an Affiliate
 to the fullest extent permitted by law in as in effect
or as such laws may from time to time hereafter be amended to increase the scope of such permitted indemnification.


    
    


Whistleblower
Procedures Policy

In
accordance with the requirements of Section 301 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 the Board of Directors the Company has adopted
this Whistleblower Procedures Policy
 stating that all employees of the Company and its subsidiaries are strongly encouraged to
report any evidence of financial irregularities which they may become aware of
 including those with respect to internal controls
accounting or auditing matters. Under this Whistleblower Procedures Policy
 the management of the Company shall promptly and periodically
communicate to all employees with access to accounting
 payroll and financial information the means by which they may report any
such irregularities. In the event an employee is uncomfortable for any reason reporting irregularities to his or her supervisor
or other management of the Company
 employees may report directly to any member of the Board of Directors of the Company. The
identity of any employee reporting under these procedures will be maintained as confidential at the request of the employee
 or
may be made on an anonymous basis. Notice must be provided to all of the Company&rsquo;s employees with access to accounting
payroll and financial information in respect of these procedures.

Changes
in Control

As
of the date of filing of this Report
 the Company is unaware of any arrangement which may result in a change in control.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

The
following table sets forth
 as of April 1
 2013
 the total number of shares owned beneficially by the Company&rsquo;s directors
officers and key employees
 and any person (including any group) who is known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent of any class of the Company&rsquo;s voting securities. Except as otherwise indicated below
 each person named
has sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated. The percentage of ownership set forth below reflects
each holder&rsquo;s ownership interest in the 110
002
165 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock outstanding as of
April 1
 2013.



    
Name
        and Address of Beneficial
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Total
    (1)
    
    
Percentage
    of
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Five Percent
    Stockholders
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Lara
    Mac Inc.(2)
    
    
6
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Executive Officers
    and Directors
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Mitchell Brown
    Chief Executive Officer and Director (2)
    
    
30
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

100

    
    
    
    
    

Alex J. Kaminski
    Chief Financial Officer
 Treasurer and Director
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

Steve Savage
    Secretary and Director
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

Scott Smith
 Director
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

All officers and
    directors as group (4 persons)
    
    

400

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

400

    
    
    
    
    

* Less than
1%.

The mailing
address for each of the officers and directors is Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 10 Main Street
 Keyport
 NJ 07735.

(1) Includes
options and warrants exercisable as of the date hereof or within 60 days hereafter. The Company is unaware of any pledges of any
shares
 options or warrants by any of the individuals or entities listed above. The Company intends to make option grants to certain
officers and directors within the foreseeable future
 however
 no options or agreements pertaining to options have been granted
or entered into by the Company or such officers and directors as of the date hereof.

(2) Our
Chief Executive Officer Mr. Mitchell Brown has sole voting power and sole power of disposition over all 6
000
000 shares
of Company common owned by Lara Mac Inc. (in addition to 30
100
000 shares owned by Mr. Brown directly)
 and as such
all such shares are therefore deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Brown.


    
    


Potential
Changes in Control

To
the knowledge of management
 there are no present arrangements or pledges of securities of the Company which may result in a change
in control of the Company.

Changes
in Control

On
June 4
 2009
 an Affiliate Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Stock Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) was entered into by and between
Gallant Energy International Inc. (&ldquo;Gallant&rdquo;)
 the owner of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock and
Lara Mac Inc. (&ldquo;Lara Mac&rdquo;)
 an entity controlled by Mitchell Brown (who is now the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company and a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors). Pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement
 Gallant sold all of
its 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to Lara Mac. The Gallant transaction with Lara Mac resulted in a change
in control of the largest voting block of the Company effective as of June 4
 2009. The compensation which Gallant received from
Lara Mac consisted of Lara Mac&rsquo;s agreement to assure the payment of certain obligations of the Company in the amount of
$162
139 which shall be paid by the Company in due course. The Company is not a party to the Stock Purchase Agreement. The address
of Lara Mac is 10 Main Street
 Keyport
 NJ 07735.

In
addition
 on June 22
 2009
 the Company and Lara Mac entered into a Management Services Agreement. In exchange for the
provision of services as set forth therein
 Lara Mac received 9
553
377 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. On
November 6
 2009
 as additional inducement to the shareholders of Cono Italiano (Delaware) to enter into the Share Exchange
Agreements
 Lara Mac Inc. agreed to the termination of the Management Services Agreement with Cono Italiano (Nevada) and
cancellation of all Cono Italiano (Nevada) shares previously issued to Lara Mac under the Management Services Agreement
(242
557 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as adjusted for the one-for-sixty reverse stock split).

After
giving effect to the Share Exchange
 Mitchell Brown
 both as an individual and through his control of Lara Mac
 controls 36
100
000
shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. These shares constitute 35.10% of the Company&rsquo;s issued and outstanding shares
as of April 1
 2013.

Adverse
Interests

The
Company is not aware of any material proceeding to which any director
 officer
 or affiliate of the Company
 or any owner of record
or beneficially of more than five percent of any class of the Company&rsquo;s voting securities
 or security holder is a party
adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse to the Company.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.

Lara
Mac Inc. Management Services Agreement

On
June 22
 2009
 Lara Mac Inc.
 an entity controlled by Mitchell Brown
 our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our
Board of Directors
 entered into a Management Services Agreement with the Company (the &ldquo;Management
Services Agreement&rdquo;). Pursuant to the Management Services Agreement
 Lara Mac would render to the Company consulting
and other advisory services in relation to developing strategic plans for inception of operations
 corporate management
 the
operations of the Company
 strategic planning
 domestic and international marketing and sales
 financial advice
 including
without limitation
 advisory and consulting services in relation to the selection and retention of candidates for senior
management of the Company and its subsidiaries
 prospective strategic alliance partners
 preparing acquisition growth plans
identifying prospective merger and acquisition candidates
 developing value propositions for the Company and acquisition
candidates
 analyzing financial implications of potential transactions
 advising on negotiations regarding terms and
conditions of transactions
 outlining and managing due diligence issues and due diligence processes
 introductions to
prospective customers
 selection of investment bankers or other financial advisors or consultants
 and advice with respect to
the capital structure of the Company
 equity participation plans
 employee benefit plans and other incentive arrangements for
certain key executives of the Company (collectively
 the &ldquo;Services&rdquo;). In exchange for the Services
 Lara Mac
shall receive 9
553
377 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (the &ldquo;Fee&rdquo;). The value of the restricted
shares of common stock constituting the Fee is deemed to be $0.044 per share
 which is equivalent to fifty percent of the
average closing trading price of the Company&rsquo;s common stock during the ninety day period of February 27
 2009
 through
May 27
 2009. Such time period is deemed to constitute an objective public capital market valuation of the Company&rsquo;s
stock price
 having an aggregate value of $410
666 (the &ldquo;Issue Value&rdquo;). The parties to the Management Services
Agreement also agreed that Lara Mac may render other services beyond the scope of activities which the parties contemplate as
part of the Services
 as to which Lara Mac shall be entitled to separate compensation that shall be negotiated in good faith
by the parties on a case-by-case basis. In the event that the Company is not generating organic revenues (excluding interest
and investment income) as of the first anniversary of the date of the Management Services Agreement
 then all of the
Shares constituting the Fee shall be subject to repurchase in the entirety by the Company at a repurchase price equal to the
Issue Value. On November 6
 2009
 as additional inducement to the shareholders of Cono Italiano (Delaware) to enter into the
Share Exchange Agreements
 Lara Mac Inc. agreed to the termination of the Management Services Agreement with Cono Italiano
(Nevada) and cancellation of all Cono Italiano (Nevada) shares previously issued to Lara Mac under the Management Services
Agreement (242
557 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock as adjusted for the one-for-sixty reverse stock
split).


    
    


There
have been no transactions
 since the beginning of the Company&rsquo;s last fiscal year
 and there are no currently proposed transactions
in which the Company was or is to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120
000 or one percent of the
average of the Company&rsquo;s total assets at fiscal year-end for the last three completed fiscal years
 and in which any related
person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest
 except as set forth above.

Mr.
Scott Smith
 who is the only current member of the Board of Directors who is independent under the standards for independence
contained in the Nasdaq Marketplaces Rules
 Rule 5605(a)(2)
 has independently reviewed and assessed the fairness of the Management
Services Agreement. Mr. Smith has determined that the terms and conditions of the Management Services Agreement are fair and reasonable
to the Company and its shareholders and he has recommended that the Management Services Agreement be adopted and approved by the
entire Board of Directors. Mr. Mitchell Brown
 having an economic interest in the Management Services Agreement through his beneficial
ownership of Lara Mac
 recused himself from all deliberations and voting in regard to the Management Services Agreement.

Edesia
Emprise
 LLC

In
July of 2008
 the Company&rsquo;s Chief Executive Officer
 Mitchell Brown and Ramona Fantini of Pino Gelato formed a manufacturing
entity
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC
 to produce and manufacturer the &ldquo;Cones&rdquo; used in the Company&rsquo;s products at a location
in Indianapolis Indiana. Mitchell Brown transferred his ownership interests in Edesia Emprise
 LLC to his father
 Gene Brown
later that month.

On
November 11
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Edesia Emprise
 LLC entered into a Master Manufacturing Agreement. Pursuant to
this Master Manufacturing Agreement
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC will produce the Company&rsquo;s Pizza Cono product. Cono Italiano (Delaware)
has agreed to pay Edesia Emprise
 LLC the costs of production plus fifteen percent (15%). This Master Manufacturing Agreement
has a five (5) year term and will automatically renew unless cancelled by one of the parties pursuant to its terms. This Master
Manufacturing Agreement is exclusive within the United States. Under the Master Manufacturing Agreement
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC may
engage qualified subcontractors throughout its territory for purposes of performing its obligations to the Company. On December
8
 2009
 the Company was advised that Edesia Emprise had entered into its first subcontract agreement with Sunrise Baking Acquisition
Company
 based in Brooklyn
 New York. As of December 31
 2012 Edesia&rsquo;s contract with Sunrise was terminated as well as Edesia&rsquo;s
Master Manufacturing Agreement with Cono Italiano.

On
November 12
 2009
 the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors ratified the Master Manufacturing Agreement entered into by and between
Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Edesia Emprise
 LLC. The Board has determined that the terms and conditions of this agreement are
fair and reasonable to the Company and its shareholders. Mr. Mitchell Brown
 whose father owns Edesia Emprise
 LLC
 recused himself
from all deliberations and voting in regard to this agreement.


    
    


DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE

Mr.
Scott Smith is the only current member of the Board who may be deemed to be independent. The Company has adopted the standards
for independence contained in the NASDAQ Marketplaces Rules
 Rule 5605(a)(2).

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services.

(a)
Audit Fees

The
aggregate fees of EFP Rotenberg LLP for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company&rsquo;s annual financial
statements for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 totaled $26
900 and $26
560
 respectively.

(b)
Audit-Related Fees

The
aggregate fees billed by EFP Rotenberg LLP for audit related services for the each of the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
and which are not disclosed in &ldquo;Audit Fees&rdquo; above
 were $-0-.

(c)
Tax Fees

The
aggregate fees billed by EFP Rotenberg LLP for tax compliance for each of the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 were $-0-.

(d)
All Other Fees

The
aggregate fees billed by EFP Rotenberg LLP for services other than those described above
 for the years ended December 31
 2012
and 2011
 were $-0-.

Audit
Committee Pre-Approval Policies

Our
Board of Directors reviewed the audit and non-audit services rendered by EFP Rotenberg LLP during the periods set forth above
and concluded that such services were compatible with maintaining the auditors&rsquo; independence. All audit and non-audit services
performed by our independent accountants are pre-approved by our Board of Directors to assure that such services do not impair
the auditors&rsquo; independence from us.

PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.



Exhibit
    No.
    
Description
    of Exhibits

    
    
    

    
    
Articles of Incorporation
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2
 filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on December 17
 2004.

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
 incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2
 filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on December 17
 2004.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 dated as of November 11
 2006
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 30
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the
    Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on July 17
 2007.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 dated as of February 11
 2008
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation
 dated as of July 31
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment to the
    Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.7 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Incorporation of Cono Italiano (Delaware) (formerly known as Janex International
 Inc.)
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.8 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.



    
    




    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.9 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Merger of Foreign Corporation into a Domestic Corporation (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    3.10 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Merger of Domestic Corporation and Foreign Limited Liability Company (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 3.11 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
    2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.12 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.




Exhibit
    3.13
    
    
Certificate
    of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.13 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Certificate of
    Correction (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.14 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
    filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Bylaws
 as amended
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.15 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on January 14
 2010.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Certificate of
    Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation (Cono Italiano (Delaware))
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on February 28
 2012.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Working Interest
    Purchase and Sale Agreement
 by and between the Company and Wellington Capital Management Inc.
 dated as of January 29
 2009
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on May 18
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Assignment and
    Assumption Agreement
 by and between the Company and DT Crystal Holdings Limited
 dated as of January 31
 2009
 incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on May 18
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Convertible Note
    Agreement
 by and between the Company and Wellington Capital Management Inc.
 dated as of February 2
 2009
 incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    May 18
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Termination of
    Working Interest Purchase and Sale Agreement
 by and between the Company and Wellington Capital Management Inc.
 dated as
    of April 28
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on May 5
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Termination and
    Discharge of Convertible Note Agreement
 by and between the Company and Wellington Capital Management Inc.
 dated as of April
    28
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission on May 5
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Mutual Release
    by and between the Company and Wellington Capital Management Inc.
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 5
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Letter of Intent
    by and between the Company and Financial Media Net
 Inc.
 dated as of March 25
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    99.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 26
 2009.

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Affiliate Stock
    Purchase Agreement
 dated June 4
 2009
 between Gallant Energy International Inc. and Lara Mac Inc.
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 99.1 to Lara Mac Inc.&rsquo;s Schedule 13D
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 15
 2009.



    
    




Exhibit
    10.37
    
Management
    Services Agreement
 by and between the Company and Lara Mac Inc.
 dated as of June 22
 2009
 incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.37 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 14
    2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Agreement
    by and between Kono Italia S.r.l &amp; Spuntibreak S.r.l. DBA Pizza Hands and Cono Italiano LLC
 dated as of March 2
 2006
    incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.38 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Distribution
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano
 Inc. and Pino Gelato
 Inc.
 dated as of July 9
 2008
 incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.39 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
    2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Distribution Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano
 Inc. and Pino Gelato
 Inc.
 dated as of July 9
 2008
 incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.40 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Mitchell Brown
 dated as of August 1
 2008
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.41 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Steve Savage
 dated as of August 1
 2008
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.42 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Joseph Masselli
 dated as of August 1
 2008
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Annulment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Mitchell Brown
 dated as of August 11
 2009
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Annulment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Steve Savage
 dated as of August 11
 2009
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.43 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Annulment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Joseph Masselli
 dated as of August 11
 2009
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.44 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Settlement
    Agreement and Mutual Release
 by and between Dough Bros.
 Inc.
 John Allen
 Drew Allen
 Matt Allen
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC
 Cono
    Italiano
 Inc.
 Mitchell Brown
 John Jacobs and Ramona Fantini
 dated as of October 22
 2009
 incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.47 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
    2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Commitment
    Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Lara Mac Inc.
 dated as of November 9
 2009
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.48 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    13
 2009.




Exhibit
    10.49
    
Master
    Manufacturing Agreement
 by and between Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Edesia Emprise
 LLC
 dated as of November 11
 2009
 incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Form
    of Share Exchange Agreement
 by and between the Company and the shareholders of Cono Italiano (Delaware)
 incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 10.50 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
    November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to the Management Services Agreement
 by and between Lara Mac Inc.
 Cono Italiano
 Inc. (a Nevada corporation) and Cono Italiano
    Inc. (a Delaware corporation)
 dated as of November 6
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.51 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 13
 2009.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between the Company and Mitchell Brown
 dated as of December 30
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.52 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January
    14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between the Company and Joseph Masselli
 dated as of December 30
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.53 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January
    14
 2010.



    
    




    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between the Company and Alex Kaminski
 dated as of December 30
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.54 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January
    14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Employment
    Agreement
 by and between the Company and Steve Savage
 dated as of December 30
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.55 to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January
    14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible
    Promissory Note issued by Cono Italiano (Delaware) on December 28
 2007
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.56 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible
    Promissory Note re-issued by Cono Italiano (Delaware) on January 31
 2008
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the
    Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Convertible Promissory Note
 dated as of October 22
 2009
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.58 to the Company&rsquo;s
    Registration Statement on Form S-1
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 14
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Manufacturing
    Agreement
 by and between Interstate Caterers and the Company
 dated as of August 2010
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.59 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 15
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Consulting
    Agreement
 by and between the Dettman Group
 LLC and the Company
 dated as of September 15
 2010
 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.59 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-Q
 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November
    15
 2010.

    
    
    

    
    
Manufacturing
    Agreement by and between the Company and Interstate Caterers
 dated as of September 7
 2011.




Exhibit
    10.62
    
Security
    Agreement by and between the Company and TCA Global Credit Master Fund
 LP dated as of February 27
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Convertible
    Promissory Note by and between the Company and TCA Global Credit Master Fund
 LP dated as of February 27
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Committed
    Equity Facility Agreement by and between the Company and TCA Global Master Credit Fund
 LP dated as of February 27
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Registration
    Rights Agreement by and between the Company and TCA Global Master Credit Fund
 LP dated as of February 27
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Audit
    Committee Charter
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.3 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-QSB
 filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Whistleblower
    Procedures Policy
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.4 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-QSB
 filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on October 23
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Governance
    Charter
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.5 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-QSB
 filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on October 23
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
Compensation
    Charter
 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.6 to the Company&rsquo;s Report on Form 10-QSB
 filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on October 23
 2006.

    
    
    

    
    
List
    of Subsidiaries.





    
    
Certificate
    of the Chief Executive Officer&nbsp;pursuant Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

32
    .1
    
Certificate
of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002*

    
    
    

32
    .2
    
Certificate
of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
CONO ITALIANO
 INC.


    
    
    


Date: April 16
    2013
    
/s/
    Mitchell Brown


    
    
Name: /s/ Mitchell
    Brown


    
    
Title: Chief Executive
    Officer


    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)





Date:
    April 16
 2013
    
/s/
    Alex J. Kaminski


    
    
Name: /s/ Alex
    J. Kaminski


    
    
Title: Chief Financial
    Officer


    
    
(Principal Financial
    Officer)


    
    
    
    
(Principal Accounting
    Officer)



PURSUANT
TO THE REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 AS AMENDED
 THIS REPORT HAS BEEN SIGNED BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE FOLLOWING
PERSONS IN THE CAPACITIES AND ON THE DATES INDICATED:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Mitchell Brown
    
Chief Executive
    Officer (Principal Executive Officer)

    
April 16
    2013

    
    
    
    
    

Alex
    J. Kaminski
    
Chief Financial
    Officer (Principal Financial Officer)
    
April 16
    2013

    
    
(Principal Accounting
    Officer)
 Treasurer
 Director
    
    

/s/
    Steve Savage
    
Secretary
 Director
    
April 16
    2013

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Scott Smith
    
    
    
April 16
    2013

    
    
    
    
    



    
    



CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey



FINANCIAL
    REPORTS

    

December
    31
 2012 



    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA Corporation)
Keyport
New Jersey



TABLE
    OF CONTENTS
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Deficit for the Period from Date of Inception (March 2
 2006) Through December 31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the Period from Inception (March 2
 2006) Through December 31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the Period from Inception (March 2
 2006) Through December 31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    




REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To
the Board of Directors and
Stockholders
of Cono Italiano
 Inc.

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Cono Italiano
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the
related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the years
in the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 and for the period since inception (March 2
 2006) through December 31
 2012.
Cono Italiano
 Inc.&rsquo;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements. Our responsibility is to
express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those
standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement. The company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control
over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing
audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
of the company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit also includes
examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In
our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position
of Cono Italiano
 Inc. as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2012 and for the period since inception (March 2
 2006) through December 31
 2012
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern.
As discussed in Note H to the consolidated financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note H. The consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset carrying amounts or the amount
and classification of liabilities that might result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.



/s/
    EFP Rotenberg
 LLP
    


EFP Rotenberg
LLP
Rochester
New York
April
16
 2013


    
    




CONO ITALIANO
 INC.

    

    

Keyport
 New Jersey




    






    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
30
562
    


 Net of Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
2
465
    

    
16
937
11
937

    
66
000
21
000

    
84
591
    

    
6
521
    

    
    
    

    
207
076
32
937

    
    
    

    
167
537
148
087

    
    
    

    
374
613
181
024

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
3
348

    
135
508
135
508

    
126
206
54
713

    
199
269
187
525

    
59
834
52
746

    
225
000
    

    
67
228
60
905


 Net
247
807
    

    
767
317
724
975

    
    
    

    
1
828
169
1
219
720

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 Shares Authorized
 107
233
087
    and 99
234
988 Shares Issued and Outstanding
107
233
99
235

    
    
    

    
1
406
125
1
131
939

    
(2
966
914
(2
270
396

    
    
    

    
(1
453
556
(1
038
696

    
    
    

    
374
613
181
024



statements.


    
    




CONO ITALIANO
 INC.

    

    

Keyport
 New Jersey




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN DEFICIT FOR THE PERIOD FROM DATE OF INCEPTION (MARCH 2
 2006) THROUGH DECEMBER 31
 2012




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2006
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    Rights and Equipment
6
000
000
6
000
    
159
000
    
165
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2006
6
000
000
6
000
    
159
000
    
165
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(50
290
(50
290

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2007
6
000
000
6
000
    
159
000
(50
290
114
710

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
(312
000
    
(312
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
000
000
3
000
    
54
000
    
57
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
44
250
000
44
250
    
434
494
    
478
744

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(929
795
(929
795

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2008
53
250
000
53
250
    
335
494
(980
085
(591
341

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
7
616
428
7
616
    
178
777
    
186
393

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
262
000
    
    
64
608
    
64
870

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
500
000
    
    
69
500
    
70
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
242
560
    
    
(272
946
    
(272
703

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
    
    
3
490
    
3
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
18
000
000
18
000
    
    
    
18
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(437
325
(437
325

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2009
79
880
988
79
881
    
378
923
(1
417
410
(958
606

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
000
2
000
    
182
547
    
184
547

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
10
000
000
10
000
    
83
880
    
93
880

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
125
000
    
    
75
691
    
75
816

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(348
521
(348
521

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2010
92
005
988
92
006
    
721
041
(1
765
931
(952
884

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
184
000
3
184
    
90
336
    
93
520

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
3
325
000
3
325
    
152
924
    
156
249

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(3
280
000
(3
280
    
(27
836
    
(31
116

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 Net of Cash Proceeds Received
4
000
000
4
000
    
195
474
    
200
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(504
465
(504
465

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2011
99
234
988
99
235
    
1
131
939
(2
270
396
(1
038
696

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
2
000
000
2
000
    
73
000
    
75
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
4
100
000
4
100
    
136
900
    
141
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
998
099
    
    
51
502
    
52
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
900
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
13
158
    
13
158

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
(696
518
(696
518

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2012
107
233
087
107
233
    
1
406
125
(2
966
914
(1
453
556



statements.


    
    




CONO ITALIANO
 INC.

    

    

Keyport
 New Jersey




    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

 2006)

    
    
    
    



    
    

&nbsp;2012

    
    
    
    

    
122
985
    
156
979

    
    
    
    

    
117
913
    
127
036

    
    
    
    

    
5
072
    
29
943

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
160
727
166
610
512
207

    
225
000
    
645
005

    
199
327
314
445
1
417
371

    
63
795
8
665
174
019

    
50
005
14
745
118
214

    
    
    
130
505

    
2
736
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
701
590
504
465
2
996
857

    
    
    
    

    
(696
518
(504
465
(2
966
914

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
102
602
287
94
626
385
56
934
407



statements.


    
    




CONO ITALIANO
 INC.

    

    

Keyport
 New Jersey




    




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    

&nbsp;2006)

    
    
    
    



    
    

&nbsp;2012

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(696
518
(504
465
(2
966
914

    
    
    
    


    Flows from Operating Activities:
    
    
    

    
32
604
    
52
098

    
10
963
    
10
963

    
2
440
    
2
440

    
63
795
8
665
110
224

    
141
000
147
850
941
823

    
    
93
520
350
520

    
    
    
(3
200

    
    
    
130
505

    
2
736
    
2
736

    
    
36
000
36
000

    
    
    
    

    
(4
905
    
(4
905

    
(45
000
40
510
(18
672

    
    
    
(24
458

    
14
402
1
247
69
115

    
225
000
    
225
000

    
11
744
5
482
137
105

    
38
413
14
745
106
623

    
    
    
75
818

    
    
    
    

    
(203
326
(156
446
(767
179

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
5
000

    
    
    
    

    
(85
981
(144
517
(267
300

    
    
    
    

    
(85
981
(144
517
(261
384

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
(3
348
3
348
    

    
27
698
    
27
698

    
(27
698
    
(27
698

    
250
000
    
250
000

    
(34
125
    
(34
125

    
75
000
200
000
339
870

    
(10
000
67
000
48
063

    
42
342
29
950
455
317

    
    
    
    

    
319
869
300
298
1
059
125

    
    
    
    

    
30
562
    
30
562

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
30
562
    
30
562

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
210
132

    
    
    
47
988

    
    
    
312
000

    
5
000
    
5
000

    
    
    
105
828

    
    
    
3
500

    
    
    
202
547

    
    
    
70
000

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    



statements.


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey



    



The
Company


Merger
and Recapitalization

The
Company was incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 9
 2004
 as Arch Management Services Inc. A change of control of
the Company occurred on June 5
 2006 and the Company changed its name from &ldquo;Arch Management Services Inc.&rdquo; to &ldquo;Tiger
Ethanol International Inc.&rdquo; on November 24
 2006. On February 11
 2008 the Company changed its name to &ldquo;Tiger Renewable
Energy Ltd.&rdquo; Another change of control of the Company occurred on June 4
 2009. On August 10
 2009 the Company changed its
name to &ldquo;Cono Italiano
 Inc.&rdquo; and its symbol changed to CNOZ.

The
Company was previously party to a joint venture named Xinjiang Yajia Distillate Company Limited (the &ldquo;Venture&rdquo;) to
produce ethanol in the People&rsquo;s Republic of China. The Company&rsquo;s board of directors determined that it was in the
Company&rsquo;s best interest to initiate a withdrawal from the ethanol business as of January 31
 2009 and assess alternative
businesses.

On
June 4
 2009 an Affiliate Stock Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Stock Purchase Agreement&rdquo;) was entered into by and between
Gallant Energy International Inc. (&ldquo;Gallant&rdquo;)
 the owner of 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock (prior
to the Company&rsquo;s one for sixty reverse stock split) and Lara Mac Inc. (&ldquo;Lara Mac&rdquo;)
 an entity controlled by
Mitchell Brown (now the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and a member of the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors). Pursuant
to the Stock Purchase Agreement
 Gallant sold all of its 5
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock to Lara Mac. The
Gallant transaction with Lara Mac resulted in a change in control of the largest voting block of the Company effective as of June
4
 2009.

Under
the terms of the Stock Purchase Agreement
 the Board appointed five individuals to fill vacancies on the Board. These new directors
commenced their service on June 19
 2009. The Board also appointed four new officers of the Company.

On
August 10
 2009
 the Company conducted a one for sixty reverse stock split. As of that date
 all of the existing outstanding common
stock of the Company have been consolidated such that existing stockholders will hold one share of post-split common stock for
every sixty shares owned prior to the reverse split. All fractional shares resulting from the reverse stock split have been rounded
up to the next whole share.

Janex
International Inc. was formed on July&nbsp;6
&nbsp;2007
 in the State of Delaware. On January 8
 2008 Janex International Inc.
changed its name to Cono Italiano
 Inc (Delaware).

Cono
Italiano
 LLC (Cono
 LLC) was formed on June 27
 2007 as a limited liability company in the State of New Jersey. Cono
 LLC had
no operations and its primary assets were the license rights to manufacture
 market
 and distribute &ldquo;pizza cono&rdquo;
a unique pizza style food product.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



The
Company &ndash; continued


Merger
and Recapitalization

In
March 2007
 the license rights held by the individual founders of Cono
 LLC were sold to The Total Luxury Group (TLG)
 an unrelated
entity. On January 8
 2008 the license rights were transferred to Mitchell Brown for the total consideration of $312
000. The
transfer of Cono
 LLC (which includes the license rights) was effected in settlement of an obligation due to Mitchell Brown by
TLG.

On
January 14
 2008
 Cono
 LLC was sold to Cono
 Inc. (Delaware) for the total consideration of $426
000. In exchange for the 100%
interest in Cono
 LLC
 the sole member of the LLC received 6
000
000 shares of Cono
 Inc. (Delaware) valued at $114
000 and was
issued a promissory note for $312
000. Mitchell Brown is also a principal stockholder in Cono
 Inc. (Delaware).

The
transaction was accounted for as a recapitalization of Cono
 Inc. and Cono
 LLC; as both companies were under common control.
As such
 the assets and liabilities of Cono
 LLC were carried over to Cono
 Inc. (Delaware) at the historical carrying values.

At
the time of the sale of Cono
 LLC to Cono
 Inc. (Delaware)
 Cono LLC had a tangible net book value of $114
700. Since the assets
and liabilities of Cono
 LLC were recorded at their historical carrying amounts after the merger and recapitalization
 the excess
of the consideration paid of $426
000 over the carrying value of $114
700 had been recorded as a distribution to the stockholder.

On
November 12
 2009 Cono Inc. (Delaware) entered into a share exchange agreement whereby Cono Inc. (Delaware) would exchange all
of its common stock for the stock of Tiger Renewable Energy
 Inc. (TRE) (a shell company) on a share for share basis. Prior to
entering into the share exchange agreement
 the principal stockholder of Cono Inc. (Delaware) became a stockholder of TRE
 either
through direct ownership or through an entity in which he controlled
 effectively gaining control of TRE
 and on August 10
 2009
TRE changed its name to Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation. As an inducement for Cono (Delaware) to enter the share exchange
agreement
 TRE&rsquo;s largest shareholder has agreed to the cancellation of 242
557 shares of Cono (Nevada) stock.

The
exchange of shares between Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 (Delaware) and Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 (Nevada) was accounted for as a recapitalization
of the Companies
 as the majority stockholder of Cono Italiano
 Inc. will be the majority stockholder of the surviving company.
Pursuant to the accounting for a recapitalization
 the historical carrying value of the assets and liabilities of Cono
 Inc. (Nevada)
will carry over to the surviving company.

Effective
at the closing of the share exchange transactions
 November 12
 2009
 Cono (Delaware) became a wholly owned subsidiary of Cono
(Nevada).

On
December 13
 2011 the Board of Directors approved increasing the authorized shares of common stock from 100
000
000 to 150
000
000.






    
    



CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



The
Company &ndash; continued


Scope
of Business

The
Company is licensed to distribute an innovative food product - a cone-shaped pizza called &ldquo;Pizza Cono.&rdquo; The product
will be distributed into fast food market establishments which include typical fast food chains
 supermarkets
 convenience stores
entertainment facilities
 and sports arenas. The Company&rsquo;s focus will be the sale and management of licensing and distribution
agreements with customers.


Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies


Principles
of Consolidation

The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Cono Italiano
 Inc. (Nevada) and its wholly owned subsidiary
 Cono Italiano
Inc. (Delaware) (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;). All significant intercompany balances have been eliminated in consolidation.

Method
of Accounting

The
Company maintains its books and prepares its financial statements on the accrual basis of accounting.

Development
Stage

The
Company has operated as a development stage enterprise since its inception by devoting substantially all of its efforts to financial
planning
 raising capital
 research and development
 and developing markets for its services. The Company prepares its financial
statements in accordance with the requirements of FASB ASC 915
 &ldquo;Development Stage Entities.&rdquo;

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Cash
and cash equivalents include time deposits
 certificates of deposit
 and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities
of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions
 which periodically may exceed
federally insured amounts.

Property
Equipment and Depreciation

Property
and equipment are reflected at cost of acquisition and are depreciated on various methods utilizing the following estimated lives:



Machinery
    and Equipment
    
5
    Years

Office
    Equipment
    
5
    Years


Maintenance
and repairs are expensed as incurred. The cost of property and equipment retired or otherwise disposed of and the related accumulated
depreciation are removed from the accounts and reflected as other income or expense.

Accounts
Receivable

Accounts
receivable are uncollateralized customer obligations due under normal trade terms requiring payment within 30 days from the invoice
date. Customer accounts over 90 days old are considered delinquent. The carrying amount of accounts receivable are reduced by
an allowance for doubtful accounts that reflects our Company&rsquo;s best estimate of the amounts that will not be collected.




    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



&nbsp;Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies &ndash; continued


Accounts
Receivable - continued

The
Company reviews outstanding accounts and based on an assessment of current creditworthiness
 estimates the portion
 if any
 of
the balance that will not be collected. The Company provides for probable uncollectible amounts through a charge to earnings and
a credit to a valuation allowance based on its assessment of the current status of the individual accounts. Balances that are
still outstanding after reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the valuation allowance and a credit
to accounts receivable. The Company has assessed accounts receivable and determined that a reserve is necessary and at December
31
 2012 and 2011
 the allowance for doubtful accounts was $2
440 and $-0-
 respectively.

Revenue
Recognition

The
Company recognizes revenue when title
 ownership and risk of loss pass to the customer. Transfer of title occurs and risk of ownership
generally passes to a customer at the time of shipment or delivery
 depending on the terms of the agreement with a particular
customer. The sale price of the Company&rsquo;s products is substantially fixed or determinable at the date of sale based on purchase
orders generated by a customer and accepted by the Company. A customer is obligated to pay for products sold to it within a specified
number of days from the date that title to the products is transferred to the customer. The Company&rsquo;s standard terms are
typically net 30 days from the transfer of title to the products to the customer. The Company typically expects payment from a
customer within 30 to 45 days from the transfer of title to the products to a customer. Shipping and handling costs are charged
to the customer and are included in revenue.

Customer
Concentrations


655 or 55%
 while another customer accounted for $16
507 or 13% of net sales
for the year ended December 31
 2012. Various other customers accounted for the remaining sales of $37
823 or 32%. All transactions
were in United States dollars. There were no transaction gains or losses associated with sales transactions.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo; using the asset and liability approach
which requires recognition of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences
between the carrying amounts and the tax basis of such assets and liabilities. This method utilizes enacted statutory tax rates
in effect for the year in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and gives immediate effect to changes in income
tax rates upon enactment. Deferred tax assets are recognized
 net of any valuation allowance
 for temporary differences and net
operating loss and tax credit carry forwards. Deferred income tax expense represents the change in net deferred assets and liability
balances.

Earnings
per Share

Earnings
per share of common stock are computed in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share&rdquo;. Basic earnings per share
are computed by dividing income or loss available to common shareholders by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
for each period.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey



    



Summary
of Significant Accounting Policies &ndash; continued


Earnings
per Share

Diluted
earnings per share are calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of shares outstanding assuming conversion of all potentially
dilutive stock options
 warrants and convertible securities
 if dilutive. Common stock equivalents that are anti-dilutive are
excluded from both diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding and diluted earnings per share.

In
a loss year
 the calculation for basic and diluted earnings per share is considered to be the same
 as the impact of potential
common shares is anti-dilutive. At December 31
 2012
 there were 4
651
395 shares that could dilute future earnings.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results could differ from those estimates.

Fair
value of Financial Instruments

Prepaid
expenses
 accrued expenses
 notes payable
 and amounts due to and from related parties are carried in the financial statements
at amounts which approximate fair value.

Stock-Based
Compensation

Stock-based
compensation related to non-employees is recognized based on service provided in the accompanying statements of operations and
is based on the fair value of the services received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued
 whichever is more readily
determinable. The Company&rsquo;s accounting policy for equity instruments issued to consultants and vendors in exchange for goods
and services follows the provisions of FASB ASC 505
 &ldquo;Equity Based Payments to Non-Employees&rdquo;. The measurement date
for the fair value of the equity instruments issued is determined at the earlier of (i) the date at which a commitment for performance
by the consultant or vendor is reached or (ii) the date at which the consultant or vendor&rsquo;s performance is complete. In
the case of equity instruments issued to consultants
 the fair value of the equity instrument is recognized over the term of the
consulting agreement.

The
Company follows the provisions of FASB ASC 718. FASB ASC 718 requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee
services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee is required to perform the services
in exchange for the award (presumptively the vesting period). FASB ASC 718 also requires measurement of the cost of employee services
received in exchange for an equity award based upon the grant-date fair value of the award


Recently
Issued Accounting Standards


The
Company does not expect the adoption of recently issued accounting pronouncements to have a significant impact on the Company&rsquo;s
results of operations
 financial position or cash flow.


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



Property
and Equipment


Property
and equipment consisted of the following:





    
    

    
    
    

    
261
150
190
168

    
2
398
2
398

    
263
548
192
566

    
96
011
44
479

    
    
    

    
167
537
148
087


Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $63
795 and $8
665
 respectively.


Deferred
Note Payable Issuance Costs


Deferred
note payable issuance costs associated with the convertible promissory note consisted of the following:





    
    

    
    
    

    
39
125
    

    
32
604
    

    
    
    

    
6
521
    


Amortization
expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $32
604 and $-0-
 respectively.


Related
Party Transactions


Due
from Related Party

On
July 14
 2008
 (the date of Edesia&rsquo;s inception)
 the Company entered into an operating agreement with Edesia Emprise
 LLC
to manufacture product for the Company. The CEO of the Company owned 50% of Edesia until July 21
 2008 when he transferred his
interest to a relative. At the date of the transfer
 Edesia had no assets or business operations.

Due
from Related Party consists of monies advanced on behalf of Edesia Emprise
 LLC.

The
Company purchased manufacturing equipment on behalf of Edesia to be used by an unrelated entity for the production of the pizza
cone products. The manufactured pizza cone products will be resold by Cono and its licensees. Production of the pizza cones under
the agreement began in March&nbsp;2009.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



Related
Party Transactions &ndash; continued


The
advances are non-interest bearing and is due upon demand. Due from related party consists of the following:





    
    

    
    
    


 LLC
16
937
11
937


On
November 11
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) and Edesia Emprise
 LLC entered into a Master Manufacturing Agreement. Pursuant to
this Master Manufacturing Agreement
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC will produce the Company&rsquo;s Pizza Cono product. Cono Italiano (Delaware)
has agreed to pay Edesia Emprise
 LLC the costs of production plus fifteen percent (15%). This Master Manufacturing Agreement
has a five (5) year term and will automatically renew unless cancelled by one of the parties pursuant to its terms. Edesia Emprise
LLC may either produce this product directly or through a subcontractor. As of December 31
 2012 this contract was terminated.

In
November 2009
 Edesia Emprise
 LLC has entered into a subcontract agreement with Sunrise Bakery
 located in Brooklyn
 New York
to produce the cones for the Pizza Cono product on behalf of Edesia Emprise
 LLC. As of December 31
 2012 this contract was terminated.

For
the year ended December 31
 2012
 Edesia Emprise was reimbursed expenses paid on behalf of the Company in the amount of $25
000
and Edesia transferred $20
000 to the Company for the future purchase of a piece of equipment.

Due
to Officer

Certain
disbursements of the Company have been paid by an officer of the Company. The balance at December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $767
317
and $724
975
 respectively. There are no established repayment terms. For the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
the Company has imputed interest at the applicable federal rate of 0.95% and 1.27%
 respectively. Accrued interest was $59
834
and $52
746
 at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
 respectively.


Accrued
Legal Expense


Accrued
legal expense consists of legal services rendered to the Company in the ordinary course of business including SEC filings and
the reverse merger. Accrued legal expense at December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 was $199
269 and $187
525
 respectively.


Note
Payable


The
Company has a note payable to DT Crystal Limited accruing interest at 10% annually which is due upon demand. The note is convertible
at option of the holder into restricted stock of Cono (Nevada). At December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011 note payable to DT
Crystal was $67
228 and $60
905
 respectively. Interest expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $6
323 and
$5
728
 respectively.


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey



    



Going
Concern


The
Company&rsquo;s financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern
 which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has reported recurring losses from
operations. As a result
 there is an accumulated deficit of $2
966
914 at December 31
 2012.


The Company&rsquo;s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to raise capital. The financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern.


Employment
Contracts


On
December 30
 2009 the Company entered into employment agreements with each of the officers serving the Company. The employment
agreements contained the following provisions: (i) two-year terms with automatic renewal provisions unless notice is given by
either party 30 days prior to renewal; (ii) commitment of a substantial portion of their professional time to the Company
 consisting
of 75% of their time for Mitchell Brown and 60% of their time for each of Alex Kaminski and Steve Savage; and (iii) and additional
customary employment agreement terms and conditions. The officers have agreed that they will not receive any compensation for
their services to the Company prior to January 1
 2012. At December 31
 2012 accrued compensation was $225
000. The compensation
of the officers has been set as follows:



    
    

    
    


 Chief Executive Officer
125
000


 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
50
000


 Secretary
50
000


It
has been agreed by the Company
 Mr. Smith
 a director and Mr. Kaminski that pursuant to separate stock option agreements
 Mr.
Smith will be granted options to purchase 2
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at $.01 per share and Mr. Kaminski
will be granted options to purchase 1
500
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at $.01 per share. These options will
vest in one year and will expire in three years. As of December 31
 2012
 the stock agreements have not been executed
 therefore
the options have not been granted.


Income
Taxes


The
Company is not in compliance with filing its required income tax returns. Since the Company has had continuous losses and has
available net operating losses
 the Company believes that any tax liability would not be material. Deferred taxes are provided
for the temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and the tax reporting basis of the Company&rsquo;s assets
and liabilities. The temporary differences between financial reporting and income tax purposes are primarily net operating loss
carry forwards for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is recorded for deferred tax assets when management determines it
is more likely than not
 that such assets
 will not be realized.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey



    




Income
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Taxes
&ndash;
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           continued


The
Company uses the liability method
 where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the expected future tax consequences
of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial and income tax reporting purposes.
The Company incurred net losses in the year ending December 31
 2012 and 2011 and therefore
 has no tax liability. The deferred
tax asset generated by the carry-forward is approximately $1
184
985 at December 31
 2012. The deferred tax asset will expire
in the years 2026 through 2032.

Components
of deferred tax assets at December 31
 2012 are as follows:



    
    

    
    

    
1
184
985

    
    

    
1
184
985

    
    

    
    


A
full valuation allowance has been established against the deferred tax assets for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 as
utilization of the loss carry forwards and realization of other deferred tax assets cannot be reasonably assured.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10 &ldquo;Income Taxes&rdquo;. As a result of the assessment the Company has recognized no material
tax adjustments to the unrecognized tax benefits. At the adoption date of January 1
 2008 and as of December 31
 2012
 the Company
has no unrecognized tax benefits. The reconciliation of the effective income tax rate of the Company to the statutory income tax
rate for the fiscal year ended on December 31
 2012 and 2011 is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    



Security
Agreement


On
February 27
 2012
 the Company entered into a security agreement with TCA Global Credit Master Fund
 LP
 a Cayman Islands limited
partnership related to a $250
000 convertible promissory note issued by the Company in favor of TCA to acquire equipment and for
operational expenses. The Security Agreement grants to TCA a continuing
 first priority security interest in all of the Company&rsquo;s
assets
 wheresoever located and whether now existing or hereafter arising or acquired.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    




Security
Agreement &ndash; continued


On
February 27
 2012
 the Company issued the Convertible Note in favor of TCA. The maturity date of the Convertible Note is February
27
 2013
 and the Convertible Note bears interest at a rate of twelve percent (12%) per annum. Interest will accrue monthly but
is due and payable upon maturity date of note. The Convertible Note is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
at a price equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock during the five (5) trading days immediately prior to the date of conversion. The Convertible Note may be prepaid in whole
or in part at the Company&rsquo;s option without penalty. As of the date of this report
 the convertible note has not been repaid
but the Company is negotiating a resolution.

The
above Convertible Note contains a beneficial conversion feature recorded as a debt discount in the amount of $13
157 which will
be expensed to interest expense over the term of the note. For the year ended December 31
 2012
 $10
963 was expensed to interest
expense resulting in a remaining debt discount of $2
193 and note value
 net of debt discount
 of $247
807 at December 31
 2012.
Accrued interest for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $25
000.

On
February 27
 2012
 the Company entered into the Equity Agreement with TCA. Pursuant to the terms of the Equity Agreement
 for
a period of twenty-four (24) months commencing on the date of effectiveness of a Registration Statement
 TCA shall commit to purchase
up to $1
500
000 of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 par value $0.001 per share. The purchase price of the Shares under the Equity
Agreement is equal to ninety-five percent (95%) of the lowest daily volume weighted average price of the Company&rsquo;s common
stock during the five (5) consecutive trading days after the Company delivers to TCA an Advance notice in writing requiring TCA
to advance funds to the Company
 subject to the terms of the Equity Agreement. At December 31
 2012
 no shares had been purchased.

As
further consideration for TCA entering into and structuring the Equity Facility
 the Company paid to TCA a fee by issuing to TCA
that number of shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock that equal a dollar amount of fifty-two thousand and five hundred dollars
($52
500) (the &ldquo;Facility Fee Shares&rdquo;). It is the intention of the Company and TCA that the value of the Facility Fee
Shares shall equal $52
500. In the event the value of the Facility Fee Shares issued to TCA does not equal $52
500 after a nine
month evaluation date
 the Equity Agreement provides for an adjustment provision allowing for necessary action (either the issuance
of additional shares to TCA or the return of shares previously issued to TCA to the Company&rsquo;s treasury) to adjust the number
of Facility Fee Shares issued. As of December 31
 2012
 998
099 shares of common stock have been issued as consideration for the
Equity Facility fee. The nine month analysis concluded that the Company owes TCA 1
317
508 common shares in the amount equal to
$32
091. A total of $84
591 is included in Deferred Equity Financing Costs at December 31
 2012 which will be netted against proceeds
when shares are purchased pursuant to the Equity Agreement.


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    



Other
Matters


On
November 6
 2009
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) entered into a Commitment Letter
 pursuant to which
 one of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders
Lara Mac has agreed to provide financing to Cono Italiano
 Inc.
 with such funds as the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors shall
deem to be sufficient to maintain the Company&rsquo;s ordinary course of business operations (the &ldquo;Commitment Amount&rdquo;).
We may draw on the Commitment Amount in monthly tranches in accordance with our operating requirements as set forth in our business
plan.&nbsp;The available Commitment Amount will be reduced by the aggregate cash proceeds received by the Company which are derived
from the issuance of any equity securities and Company gross revenues. Draws on the Commitment Amount will be made on terms of
unsecured notes
 with interest set on each note as of the date of the draw at prime rate plus two percent per annum. The notes
will mature and become repayable thirty calendar days after demand.

The
Company will give Lara Mac customary representations and warranties regarding the good standing of our Company and status of progress
in respect of our Company business plan prior to each draw on the Commitment Amount
 and we will provide certifications and covenants
regarding use of proceeds of each draw
 which will be in customary forms reasonably requested by Lara Mac as determined by reference
to similar lenders making similar loans to similar companies. Lara Mac will not be required to make any loans under the Commitment
Amount to us if we are unable to make the representations
 warranties
 certifications or covenants
 or if we are in breach of
any previously given representations
 warranties
 certifications or covenants. If we breach any of the notes
 the default rate
will be 15% per annum and Lara Mac may seek recourse against our company for repayment of all of the notes. As of December 31
2012
 the agreement was still in effect and no funds have been borrowed.

On
August 1
 2010
 Cono Italiano (Delaware) entered into a manufacturing agreement with Interstate Caterers for the purposes of
manufacturing
 producing and distributing &ldquo;pizza cono&rdquo;. The term of the agreement shall continue in force and
effect unless terminated by either party. Cono will lease to Interstate equipment required for the manufacture of the product
for $1 per year. All equipment will remain the property of Cono and upon termination of the agreement be returned to Cono by
Interstate. In addition to this agreement Cono issued 100
000 shares of common stock to the 2 sole stockholders of Interstate
in exchange for the use of Interstate&rsquo;s facility for 1 (one) year at an approximate value of $36
000 for the calendar
year 2011
 included in prepaid expenses. For the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 $-0- and $36
000 has been expensed to
rent
 respectively. This agreement was superseded in September 2011 by another agreement with Interstate Caterers (See
below).

On
July 11
 2011 the Company signed a subscription agreement with an individual to purchase 4
525
640 shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock in four (4) installments of $50
000 each
 totaling $200
000. As of December 31
 2011 all of the four installments
had been received totaling $200
000. The Company has issued 4
000
000 shares of the 4
525
640 that were to be issued. 525
640
shares of common stock are due to the individual for his investment
 therefore
 common stock subscribed is $526 at December 31
2011. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued the individual the 525
640 shares due him under the subscription
agreement and in accordance with this agreement since the individual was entitled to 4.9% of the outstanding shares of the Company
at the date of the final issuance the individual received an additional 374
360 shares of common stock.

-
continued -


    
    


CONO
ITALIANO
 INC.
(A
DEVELOPMENT STAGE COMPANY)
(A
NEVADA CORPORATION)
Keyport
New Jersey




    




Other
Matters &ndash; continued


On
September 7
 2011 the Company entered into a manufacturing agreement with Interstate Caterers for the purposes of
manufacturing
 producing and distributing &ldquo;pizza cono&rdquo;. As consideration for Interstate entering into the
agreement
 the Company agreed to issue 3
500
000 shares of its restricted common stock upon the execution of the agreement.
As of December 31
 2012 the stock had been issued. As consideration for Interstate&rsquo;s services under the agreement
Interstate will receive seventy percent (70%) of the difference between the sales price for the product less direct
manufacturing costs for such product
 regardless of whether the Company or Interstate initiated the sales of such product. In
addition
 the Company will lease to Interstate certain equipment to be used in the manufacture of the Cono products for $1.00
per year. For the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company and Interstate have modified the consideration portion of what
Interstate will receive. Interstate has agreed to forgo the 70% difference since sales of the product are in the initial
phase in order to help the Company promote the product.

The
term of the agreement is for a period of ten years commencing on September 7
 2011
 the execution date of the agreement
 and
automatically renews for one additional ten-year period unless either the Company or Interstate provides the other notice of
its intention to not renew at least thirty days prior to the end of the Initial Term. The agreement may be earlier terminated
at any time by the mutual consent of the Company and Interstate. The Company may unilaterally terminate the agreement based
on
 among other things
 Interstate&rsquo;s non-performance in accordance with the Company&rsquo;s specifications. In
addition
 Interstate indemnifies the Company against third party claims based on alleged product defects.


&nbsp;Subsequent
Events


As
of the date of this report
 the Company has not paid TCA the principal and accrued interest that was due on their convertible
note on February 27
 2013. Due to circumstances surrounding the financing
 the Company is in negotiations to fulfill their obligation.


    
    














     



CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICER

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;302
OF



 Mitchel Brown
 certify that:




    
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of ConoItaliano
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.








 2013
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

        

 Inc.




    
    


















     



CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL
OFFICER

18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION&nbsp;302
OF



 Alex J. Kaminski
 certify that:




    
I have reviewed this Form 10-K of ConoItaliano
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

    
    
    

    
The registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.








 2013
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

        

 Inc.






    
    














     




18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF



of ConoItaliano
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2012
 as filed with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Mitchell Brown
 Principal Executive Officer of the Company
certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31
 2012
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and


The information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.



Date: April 16
 2013 
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

        

 Inc.




    
    














     




18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906
OF



Report of ConoItaliano
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended&nbsp;December 31
 2012
 as
filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Alex J. Kaminski
 Principal Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31
 2012
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and


The information contained in such Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company.



    
    
    


Date: April 16
 2013
    
    


    
    
    


    
    

        

 Inc.




    
    












begin 644 logo.jpg


;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#W^BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`N;U;5-7.L/IFBVUG++;
MVRW4QNG8!MS

@
T1.=I
MW*V



1R?;$\W@BQN-8EU.2ZO1+)()1&K)L1M\+G'RYY-NG4
MGJW3C$N]O

LJ1$1JRJ7*]SG8I.

9AH.
MM:BEHMH;&YC@1;X&
`
(SN?!X`\P]#T%
A^&6BP2RE9;LQ2JXDB/E_
S(4)W
M;-WW3P

LTQ0
638%'RH!C$:]L]:I^0

@'!/(/-5)_B'Y5NH^R&.=K

M

N]RK2&


MRL(+Q[04.\%U_O`-&1^HH;XBZ.@EW6^HB6++-!]F.\(%+[R







YL+=(3#;2WR^
M8Q9//F
*B

DG



M)+-TDBLA*OE(ZLC[ONY8DQC[Q(&6QC-/H-IX^T1KJ&W=KB-W;:XDBQY#EV


M_IJZR-3BGNHY3*99%`C^=O



DCG(XH?0$:.E^




M^H77LT+1B=XX@$).=P14\8'&






9N%D;

:1L&
M8(IV$B522WCK78WVC6NHW4$UTID6*.2/RV`*.K@!@PQSP*P3\.M&B2=;#S]
M/$[27[


M8GC46QDD$C[?DRP9EY#EA@D``&@-2Y\4?9?!@UD&[N6C8110AD$D@S\N&^


`+W!+(1^&%IQ^'7

L4
MTVX2R!9-A4;$R
\?Q*-.\BTV?:$B:#

QN2!(N1RORFKTOA:RFNF

M5@^U/)-*L:((&W
9+FVBGB.Z.1`ZGU!&113;2W6TLX+9Q2&-8U+'D@#'-%9
W6VI-11
M10
****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HI

$KD$P7-
M[+MZF.QE;'Y@#O:*XAOBIX9526.I#'4G3IO_B:=HWQ.\.Z_KD6DZ;+<R7+A

MVLV[7&CZ'K5_K%?,B@`7CK@EN3[4`=U2&N0@^(NA&^6RU`W6E73?=CU`Q`

MAK%YOW9P93L^FW.*];^


M8^XK*I&


M`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`
MHHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`B
MBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`\6_:!B0:9HDA4;O/D7=
GW5P%$\UO'(X7H
M&*@G'MDT



M4`=3XE\
V'BC1Y=/OX@R


M**RN=%NH#I1110
****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HH
MHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB
M@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
-)


__`*`:\K^!







&FN!_HL#F9^_4@$_@!77:CXT\/Z;9XGU.W=2
J



M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@#@=7^%6CZ_=BZU?4M7O)1D+YEPN%7.=J@+T_7
MWJS;?#/1;.(1VU_K

TS[C@9P![<UT4]U;V4#2W,R
M11(.7D(`%9]EXIT+4+D6UIJMI+.W*QK*-S?0=_PH`J^)O5MXJA%M?7M\EF5

M5+2WN$4



CKS6CXR\(SZS+:ZQI$RVFO6)W6\




?B!^E=+96$


[Q))'9?%+PS*8)Y52RN0$AB+G/R@''MGO70Z9J5IJNNW`2PNH)
M[6!5WW$31DJ[$D`''&4'/2LK6K+5W^(.E:M::5)/9V5K-#*ZR1JS&3:?E#

MXV]ZU%N]:N=9MP-(:ULE#//++)&S/Q\J*`?7G.1B@#D(M%U/PY=WOB/P\)+E
M)+NX_M#3-V!
BR



Q`V8ZD?WO6HOA\(UU+Q&Q
M_P!%EN;P3?V:ZE7MU*X!(X^]UXXJ_K
&JOXZTK4+;2Y9[.SMYHY)%DC#
9-N

;P/J=MIMG

QS^))




[@V2!GTS4;:

CZ5)45NL2`C
M!@$5+0`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`

&;S1M0N
MIYYK:2*2W@MXTC1@46-





T:8C*1[1D$E
MDC/4DDBFV7@74[?3D5[ZW-W#83P02+&1MFE8EY3SU(P/;F@_)X]TXZE:10L
MTEG+:_:I+H(Q*2`G\/5B2

?6EHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`**
M**`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHH
MH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@


